https://www.dustshield.com/privacy-policy/
Downloads
Warranty Policy
Returns
Terms of Use
Privacy
Quote List
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar
Navigation
Home
About Us
Field Installation Gallery
Our Customers
Career Opportunities
Features & Benefits
NEMA Specifications
Warranty Policy
Blog
Enclosures
Accessories
Buy Filters
Covid-19 Shields
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the online privacy practices for DustShield LLC and its affiliates (collectively, “DustShield”) and applies to the information we collect through https://www.dustshield.com (the “Site”). By accessing and/or using the Site, you are consenting to the collection, storage, and disclosure of data as described in this Privacy Policy.
DustShield LLC reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, update, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes to this Policy on this page so you can readily review the most current version. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the bottom of this Privacy Policy the date it was last updated.
YOUR IP ADDRESS
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer every time you browse the Internet. When a user requests a page from the Site, our servers log the user’s current IP address. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the Site.
COOKIES
The Site is developed using Active Server Pages (ASP), and we use per-session “cookies” (pieces of data your browser stores in your computer’s memory at DustShield’ request) to establish user sessions on our server. We use the cookies to carry information about usage from page to page through the Site. DustShield does not use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to refuse them. If you disable cookies, your browser may experience some erratic behavior on some portions of the Site.
SUBMISSION INFORMATION
When you submit a request through the Site, we will ask you to provide a variety of information, including, without limitation, your company’s name and contact information, a description of your project, and possibly budgetary information.
When you request to receive updates from us, we will ask you to provide a variety of information, including, without limitation, your name, your email address, and the name of your organization. DustShield LLC reserves the right to refuse any request for information for any reason.
USE OF SUBMISSION INFORMATION
All or any part of the information we collect through the Site (including, without limitation, information regarding specific projects, requests for information or updates, and feedback regarding the Site) is referred to in this Privacy Policy as “Submission Information.”
As described in our Terms of Use, DustShield LLC does not accept or collect Submission Information on a confidential or proprietary basis. Consequently, we are free to use Submission Information for any purpose whatsoever.
DISCLOSURES TO THIRD PARTIES
Because DustShield LLC does not accept or collect Submission Information on a confidential or proprietary basis, from time to time DustShield may disclose your Submission Information to third parties, including, without limitation, other potential customers, our consultants, our representatives, our affiliated companies and others.
DISCLOSURES FOR LEGAL REASONS
DustShield LLC will also disclose Submission Information when it believes, in its sole discretion, that the law requires such disclosure or that such disclosure is necessary to: Comply with the law; Protect and defend the rights or property of DustShield or others, or; Act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of the public or the users of the Site.
LINKS
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by DustShield LLC Other Web sites (including those that we may link to) may have their own policies. DustShield has no responsibility for or control over the information-collection practices of such third party Web sites.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at helpdesk (at) amprod.us, or call our toll free number 877.736.2135.
Primary SidebarRequest Consultation
Product Selector
Application
COVID-19(5)Data & Tel(2)Desktop/SFF/Mini(7)Keyboard(1)PC/Server(16)Printer(20)Barcode/Label(19)Inkjet/Laser(1)Rack Mount(2)sneeze guard(4)Thermal Management(4)Tower(6)TV/Monitor(10)Utility(2)Wireless Access Point(2)Workstation(7)
Let us design and fabricate a customized computer enclosure to meet your requirements.
Click here for more information about custom PC enclosures.
Navigation
Home
About Us
Customers
Blog
Career Opportunities
Contact Us
Shop Now
Accessories & Upgrades
Climate Control
Covid Control
Enclosures
All-In-One
Data & Tel
Keyboard & Mouse
Laptop/Notebook
Monitor Enclosures
PC/Computer
Printer Enclosures
Rack Mount
Television
Utility
Filters
Privacy Policy
Downloads
Warranty Policy
Returns
Terms of Use
Privacy
Contact Info
DustShield™ Computer Enclosures
597 Evergreen Rd
Strafford, MO 65757
p. 800-587-9557
p. 417-736-3746
f. 417-736-9873
0
0
Your Cart
Your cart is emptyReturn to Shop
Continue Shopping
Calculate Shipping
Apply Coupon
Submit