https://www.spectruminsurancegroup.com/privacy/
View INSTANT Life Insurance Quotes Here
Compare Quotes
Menu
Blog
Life Insurance CompaniesPersonal or Family Life InsuranceGeneral Life Insurance InformationHigh-Risk Life InsuranceFinal Expense Life InsuranceBusiness Life InsuranceTerm Life InsuranceWhole Life InsuranceLife Insurance QuoteContact
Instant Quotes
×
At Spectrum Insurance Group, we believe your privacy and the security of your information are important. The following Privacy Policy details our information gathering, protection, and handling practices relating to use of the website www.SpectrumInsuranceGroup.com. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy policy, you can contact us by phone at
800-611-9622.Why We Collect Visitor InformationThere are two reasons why we collect visitor information on this site.(1) Information is collected to provide real-time, accurate life insurance quotes.
(2) Information is collected to initiate the application request process and/or to begin the purchase of life insurance.The only personally identifying information collected on this site is provided by you, the user, voluntarily. Site usage statistics and aggregate user profiles are analyzed to see user trends and are not used to track the usage patterns of individual users.Information Collected & How We Use ItInsurance Quote Request FormThis site provides free life insurance quotes. To provide accurate quotes, certain information must be collected, including state of residence, date of birth, gender, height, weight, coverage amount desired, term period desired, health classification of the proposed insured, and tobacco use. For simplified issue and guaranteed issue life insurance quotes, other health information may also be required.All life insurance carriers have proprietary rate guidelines based on the previously mentioned information. To provide accurate quotes and rates, the information mentioned above must be collected.Insurance Application Request FormThis form represents the initiation of the insurance purchasing process. By filling out this form, you are requesting contact by a member of our staff regarding your purchase of insurance. The information collected on this form (name, mailing address, email, and phone numbers) will be used only to contact you regarding your purchase of insurance. Spectrum Insurance Group does not sell or give away this information. Spectrum Insurance Group may share this information with life insurance carriers in an effort to provide the best service and products to you, our client.This form also requests other health and lifestyle information required by the majority of insurance applications. You do not need to fill out this information online, but you will need to provide it during the application process.CookieA cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s computer that is tied to information about that user. None of the cookies this site uses are linked in any way to personally identifiable information.This site uses both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. Session ID cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. Persistent cookies are small text files stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed at any time by following “Help” directions provided by your browser. Cookies may be disabled at any time by following “Help” directions provided by your browser.Information collected by cookies is analyzed to determine the effectiveness of our site. Users that reject our cookies may still use our site.Log Files
When visitors enter and navigate through the pages of our site, our server logs information, including the internet address of the server or computer contacting us, the date and time, the referring site and its URL, as well as the visitor’s browser, operating system, and screen resolution. This data is analyzed to understand better what our visitors are looking for and to improve the quality of our site. We look for trends, identify most- and least-visited pages, and collect broad demographic information. None of the information gathered through our log files is shared with or sold to outside organizations. Nor do we look at individual users and their usage patterns, or use these technologies to gather emails or personally identifiable information.Communication with ClientsOnce a user has initiated a relationship with Spectrum Insurance Group through this site, various forms of communication may ensue. They include(1) contact by telephone
(2) contact by email;
(3) contact by mail
(4) contact by fax.All contact is to help our clients apply for, purchase, and/or get life insurance and/or other forms of insurance (such as an annuity, health, vision, etc.). Contact will only come from a Spectrum Insurance Group agent and/or our processing staff.If at any time you desire that we cease contact with you, please reply by e-mail, telephone, mail or fax and we will immediately remove you from our database.Your OptionsOn SpectrumInsuranceGroup.com
This site is open for public use without providing any personally identifiable information.By providing your personally identifiable information on this site, you are explicitly initiating a relationship (as defined by the National Do Not Call Registry) with Spectrum Insurance Group and are inviting, consenting to, and requesting contact and information from us, which may be provided to you online, by phone, fax, email, or mail by Spectrum Insurance Group or one of our carriers, affiliates, vendors, or partners. As such, you are waiving any right (including claims under the Telemarketing Sales Rule) extending in perpetuity to claim that we contacted you without your express consent.If, at any time, you desire that we cease contact with you, we will honor your request to place you on our internal “Do Not Contact” list.EmailYou can unsubscribe from our email mailing list at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any one of our emails. Or simply reply with the message “unsubscribe”.Cookies
You may disable cookies on your browser at any time by following the directions provided to you by your browser.
Update/Change Personal Information
If you would like to update or change the personal information we have on file for you, please contact us at  800-611-9622Carrier, Partner, Vendor, and Affiliate Privacy PoliciesSpectrum Insurance Group may share your personally identifiable information with insurance carriers or other partners, vendors, or affiliates for the express purpose of assisting you in your purchase of insurance. Spectrum Insurance Group is not liable or responsible for these third-party companies’ privacy policies or procedures, or any loss or breach of data through these third-party systems. Please contact these individual organizations with questions regarding their Privacy Policies.Spam PolicySpectrum Insurance Group does not spam.Spam or UCE (Unsolicited Commercial Email) is an attempt to deliver an email to someone who would not choose to receive it. If you receive an email from Spectrum Insurance Group, it is because (1) you expressly shared your email address with us for the purpose of receiving information in the future (also known as “opt-in”), or (2) you have purchased from us or have a current relationship with us.By requesting information from us or providing your contact information on our site, you have agreed to opt-in to receive our information.You can unsubscribe from our email mailing list at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any one of our emails or by replying to the email with the subject line, “unsubscribe”.Privacy Policy UpdatesThis Privacy Policy may be updated at any time. Spectrum Insurance Group is always looking for new and safer ways to protect our clients’ information. Consequently, this Privacy Policy may be updated to reflect those changes. It is suggested that you review this Privacy Policy each time you use this site.Contact UsIf you have any questions regarding this document, our procedures, and policies, this site, or your relationship with us, please contact us at the address below.4225 Executive Square, Suite 600,
La Jolla, CA 92037Phone:
800-611-9622Burial Insurance10 Best CompaniesCheap Life InsuranceNo Medical Exam Life InsuranceTerm Life InsuranceKey Man Life InsuranceSeniors Over 60 Life InsuranceHigh Risk Life InsuranceBlogAboutContactPrivacy© 2020 Spectrum Insurance Group. All Rights Reserved.4225 Executive Square, Suite 600,
La Jolla, CA 92037
800-611-9622This site provides life insurance information and quotes. The rates and information displayed are based on information provided by the life insurance carriers. It should be used for informational purposes only and is subject to change. No portion of spectruminsurancegroup.com may be copied, published or distributed in any manner for any purpose without prior written authorization of the owner. Spectruminsurancegroup.com offers life insurance products and services through licensed insurance agent Bennett Bier and his agents only where licensed. We are licensed in all 50 states & the District of Columbia.