https://www.athletica.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Us
Download our Catalogue
Privacy Policy
Athletica Sport Systems Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information.
This privacy policy will outline how we collect, use and retain your personal information.
Personal Information
Personal information may include your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. You may happen to provide us with such information through resources such as regular mail, our on-line contact form or via our web address www.https://www.athletica.com In all cases, we will take steps to ensure that the information is handled securely. These steps are taken in order to comply with legislative requirements, such as those contained in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Document Act.
Collecting, Using and Protecting your Information
Information is only collected with your consent, and will be used for the sole purpose that is stipulated at the time the information is gathered. Your consent is deemed to be given when you send information to us through the internet. Athletica Sport Systems Inc. does not sell or share customer information with any other organization or person for any reason, unless required by law.
The information sent to Athletica Sport Systems Inc. is kept confidential and secure and only for the duration it is needed.
Accuracy of Personal Information
For the most part, we collect personal information that is directly supplied by you. We will therefore assume the information you have provided us with is accurate. We will not make additional efforts to verify its accuracy or to update the information unless requested by you. Customers and/or applicants may request in writing access to their personal information; to do so please write to the address indicated below. Any information we have on record will be provided to you. You may at that time put in a request for your information to be updated to ensure its accuracy.
Contacting our Privacy Officer
If you have any questions or concerns, or should you wish to access or update your information, you can write to:
Contact Information:
Athletica Sport Systems Inc.
554 Parkside Drive,
Waterloo, ON, Canada, N2L 5Z4
Tel: 519.747.1856
info@athletica.com
NHL and the NHL Shield are registered trademarks and the NHL Preferred Rink Equipment Supplier logo is a trademark of the National Hockey League. © NHL. All Rights Reserved.
FIND A DISTRIBUTOR IN YOUR AREA
Share this:TwitterFacebook
Corporate Headquarters Phone: (519) 747-1856
Toll Free Phone: (877) 778-5911
Fax: (519) 747-3659
Address: 554 Parkside Drive, Waterloo, ON, Canada, N2L 5Z4
USA Office, Sales & Distribution Phone: (763) 249-7465
Toll Free Phone: 800-809-RINK (7465)
Fax: (763) 249-7475
Address: 720 Innovation Drive
Shakopee, MN, USA, 55379
Legal / Privacy  © 2016-2020 Athletica Sport Systems Inc.
COMPANY
About Athletica
News
Videos
Reviews
Industry Links and Associations
Ice Arena Products
Crystaplex® 6A Series
Pro Series™
Rink Dividers
Low-E Ceilings
Protective Netting
ArenaDeck® Ice Cover
Sportster VL Vertical Lift Gate
Soccer Facilities
Infinity & Seamless Infinity Series
Evolution Series
Arena Services
Sanitization Products
RESOURCES
Contact Us
CAREERS
How To Find Us in Canada
How To Find Us in the U.S.
Technical Information Downloads
Request-A-Quote
Newsletter Sign-up
Capability Statement
COVID-19
REQUEST A QUOTE
Contact Us
Download our Catalogue
Translate »