http://www.controllersoncall.ca/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
Controllers On Call (ConC) respects the privacy of all individuals in all aspects of our operation including your visit to our site. You can visit the Web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. We only collect your personal information when you specifically and knowingly provide it on our site.
Your personal information is only collected, used and disclosed by ConC in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Why Is Your Information Collected by ConC
As a candidate registering with us, aside from the resume provided by you, you may be asked to provide additional information in order for us to provide you with the best possible service such as a description of the type of work you are currently seeking, remuneration, etc. we never collect more personal information than is needed to fulfill this purpose, unless requested by the client and consented to by yourself. Your file profile / file may include the following:
Interview form, Interview notes, Information obtained through business references,  Educational records, Reference letters, etc.
When you are placed in a temporary / contract assignment at one of our clients, we will require:
Information needed to process any payroll services, which may include banking details, tax deductions and any information to complete your payment.
We use your information to:
– Understand your qualifications, needs & preferences
– Find the best employment opportunities suited to your background and qualifications
– Fulfill our client’s requests for information about candidates
– Provide payroll and other HR functions to you, for temporary staffing arrangements
ConC and HRonCall has very strict procedures & policies in place to ensure your personal information in both paper & electronic format are completely secure & protected.
When Do We Disclose the Information Collected?
Any of the personal information you provide to is never disclosed, traded, sold or leased to any third party. Your information is only disclosed for legitimate business purposes or as required to meet legal & regulatory requirements, for example to comply with a subpoena or court order.
In the normal course of business, once discussed with you, your information will be shared with clients when there is a potential for a job placement. We only provide the necessary information required & requested to make an informed decision regarding a potential candidate.
We collects certain technical information from your computer’s web browser, or Internet device when you visit www.controllersoncall.ca on the Internet. This information includes the amount of time spent on the site by a visitor with a unique Internet identifier, the pages visited and returned to, the operating system, and web browser used, the referrer Web site and any keywords used to find our site on a search Web site. These server logs do not contain any personal information and can only be accessed by ConC and HRonCall. Server log files are used solely to track visits to our Web site and improve the experience, content and layout of our site. We make no attempt to link this traffic information to the individuals visiting our Web site.
Information you provide about your employment and interests is maintained so that email and web content can be tailored to your needs.
ConC relies exclusively on the information provided by its Web site users and subscribers, and will not seek independent verification of any of the information supplied.
It is important to us that where we collect, use, or disclose your personal information, we have your consent to do so. Implied consent is consent that can be reasonably inferred from your action or inaction. For example, when you submit a resume or other personal information by mail, or e-mail, whether in response to an advertisement or to ConC and HRonCall in general, it is understood you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information for purposes related to your recruitment and placement by ConC and HRonCall.
You may change or withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting our Office. All communications with respect to such withdrawal must be in writing and addressed to our Officer.
Revisions
ConC may from time to time make changes to this Policy. We will post any revised versions of this Policy on our website at www.controllersoncall.ca. Any changes to this Policy will be effective from the date they are posted. In the event that any changes are made to ConC’s site, collection, or disclosure of your personal information that require your consent, we will not implement such changes until your consent has been obtained.
ConC is a staffing agency specializing in the placement of accounting and finance professionals in contract/project or full time positions. We provide highly personalized service working with Canada’s leading public and private corporations.
Anti-Spam Policy
ConC will ensure to act in accordance with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL).
Spam is any electronic commercial message sent without the express consent of the recipient(s). Spam is also used as a means to deliver other online threats such as spyware, phishing, and malware.
CASL, effective July 1st, 2014, aims to deter misleading and damaging forms of spam. In order to ensure compliance, commercial electronic messages (including email marketing) done will be based on a consumer opt-in approach. ConC will gain consent for commercial electronic messages prior to sending commercial messages (including emails), unless we have a pre-existing business relationship with the client, candidate, business partner, independent contractor, or affiliate, as in these particular cases consent is considered implied.
We shall guarantee the following practices are followed when using electronic messaging for marketing purposes:
• Maintain diligent email list management practices
• Include all essential company information, such as our name and contact information
• Include an opt-in approach to allow subscribers to expressly confirm they want to receive further communication from ConC
General Inquiries: info@controllersoncall.ca
Candidate Inquiries: resumes@controllersoncall.ca
Scroll to top