https://www.filopto.com/terms-of-use/
1-888-321-0441
sales@accra.ca
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
TERMS OF USE
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this or any other web site owned by Accra Med Software Inc, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this or any other site owned by Accra Med Software Inc. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
Accra Med Software Inc.  may, in its sole discretion, revise these Terms at any time without advance notice to you. You are bound by such revisions by continuing to use or visit the Website(s) after they are posted online.
These Terms apply to all users of the Websites, including users who contribute content to the Websites. The Website(s) may contain interactive areas designed to allow you to post content on the Website(s) and/or comment, including by commenting on our blogs. The use of these features is additionally governed by the Code of Conduct listed below.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Accra Med Software Inc.’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Accra Med Software Inc.’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Accra Med Software Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Accra Med Software Inc.’s web site are provided “as is”. Accra Med Software Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Accra Med Software Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Accra Med Software Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Accra Med Software Inc.’s Internet site, even if Accra Med Software Inc. or a Accra Med Software Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Accra Med Software Inc.’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Accra Med Software Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Accra Med Software Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Accra Med Software Inc. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Accra Med Software Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Accra Med Software Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. Code of Conduct
You may not use any of the Accra Med Software Inc.  Websites for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. In addition to the laws of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada, you also agree to comply with all local laws that apply to your use of the Websites.
You may not use the Websites in any manner which could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the Websites, Accra Med Software Inc. servers or computer network, or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Websites.
You agree that you are responsible for your own conduct and communications while using the Websites and for any consequences of that use. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the Websites, you will not:
post or upload any inappropriate, promotional, defamatory, destructive, obscene, or unlawful content;
defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
post or upload any User Content that infringes any patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any party;
impersonate another person, or falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of any content;
use the Website in connection with surveys, contests, junk email, spamming or any duplicative messages (commercial or otherwise);
use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other device to retrieve or index any portion of the Websites to collect information about other users or domain names;
upload files that contain bugs, viruses, trojan horses, worms, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the computer or property of another; or
submit User Content that falsely expresses or implies that such User Content is sponsored or endorsed by any party where it is not sponsored or endorsed by such party
While Accra Med Software prohibits such conduct and User Content in connection with the Websites, you understand and agree that nonetheless you may be exposed to such conduct or User Content and that you use the Websites at your own risk.
Accra Med Software Inc. reserves the right to monitor use of this Website to determine compliance with these Terms. Although Accra Med Software Inc. does not read, review, vet or otherwise assess User Content in advance of its posting, Accra Med Software Inc. reserves the right to remove any User Content and/or terminate your Accra Med Software Inc. User Account without notice for breach or for any other reason.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Accra Med Software Inc.’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the Province of New Brunswick, Canada without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following links to our privacy policy.    Privacy Policy
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.