https://www.pacorinc.com/privacy-policy
Login
or Register
0 Items
Pacor Inc.
Find Us On Facebook
Find Us On LinkedIn
Find Us On Google Plus
Pacor Blog
1-888-918-0800
Pacor Inc.
Materials
Aerogel Insulation
Fiberglass Insulation
Ceramic Insulation
Foam Insulation
Mineral Wool Insulation
Acoustic Insulation
Removable InsulationIndustries
Overview
Power Generation
HVAC
Appliances
Transportation
Acoustical
Marine
Capabilities
Overview
CAD/Prototyping
On-Site Measurement & Technical Service
Kitting
Cutting
Industrial Sewing
Laminating
Encapsulation
Slitting
About Us
Company Profile
Careers
Literature Download
SDS Lookup
StoreContact
Contact Information & Locations
Request For Quote
Request Information
Pacor Blog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General Privacy Policy Statement
Pacor, Inc. recognizes its obligation to its customers, community and online visitors to adhere to the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all its operations. Likewise, PACOR, INC. is dedicated to the fundamentals of protecting your privacy on the Internet.
Gathering and Use of Information
PACOR, INC. only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. We do not require any personal information from visitors to obtain access to our site. However, in order to respond to the contact section on our website, you will have to provide personal information. Personal information received from any visitor will only be used for internal marketing, supply or employment purposes and will not be sold or provided to any non-affiliated companies except to provide products and services that you have requested.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Links
The PACOR, INC. website may contain links to other sites. We make every effort only to link to websites that share our high standards of decency, fairness, and integrity. We try our best to ensure that these links are safe for visitors, but the privacy and data collection practices on any linked websites are entirely separate from PACOR, INC. and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. PACOR, INC. shall not be responsible for any failure on the part of any linked websites to comply with any privacy policy posted on the website, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which the operators of such website may be subject. In addition, other websites may link to PACOR, INC.’s website without PACOR, INC.’s knowledge or consent. PACOR, INC. has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of any other websites.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
PACOR, INC.’s website content and features may be updated, revised, modified and supplemented. PACOR, INC. reserves the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures and disclaimers at any time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website. Please check the policy periodically for changes.The continued use of this website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes.
Summary
As in all business operations, PACOR, INC. approaches our communications on the Internet with respect for, and commitment to, individual privacy rights, concern, and respect for our visitors. We support active self-regulation to ensure that responsible marketers can maintain the right to use all communication media to interact with its consumers.
Website Terms and Conditions / Legal Notices
Introduction. Pacor, Inc., including its subsidiaries and affiliates ("PACOR, INC. " or "we" or "us" or "our") provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website ("website") to visitors ("visitors") (cumulatively referred to as "you" or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions (“terms”) set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website. Your access to and use of this website signifies your agreement with these terms.
Information on the website. While every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither PACOR, INC. nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) ("information") and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. PACOR, INC. reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
Trademarks. The Pacor, Inc. trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trade marks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade marks of PACOR, INC.. Other companies’ trade marks are also used on this site with their permission. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of PACOR, INC. or its respective owner. The contents of this website are protected from copying or distribution under national and international copyright laws and treaties throughout the world. Copyright ©2014 Pacor, Inc.. All rights reserved.
External links. External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of PACOR, INC. and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of PACOR, INC..
Warranties. PACOR, INC. makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
Disclaimer of liability. PACOR, INC. shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither PACOR, INC. nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Use of the website. PACOR, INC. does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use. By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to PACOR, INC. that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
Collectible Information. We may collect information that can identify you (“personal information”), for instance, your name and email address, (i) when you (or other users) provide it to us when using our Site or in some other manner, or (ii) from our business partners, and from other third parties. We may combine the personal information that we receive from different sources. We also may collect other types of information in the following ways when you visit our Site: IP address, date & time of visits, cookie assignment, standard internet tools such as web beacons. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Should we ever do so, we will comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.
General
9.1 Entire agreement. These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and PACOR, INC. in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor PACOR, INC. shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and PACOR, INC. in respect of your use of the website.
9.2 Alteration. PACOR, INC. may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
9.3 Conflict. Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
9.4 Comments or questions. If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us at:
Pacor, Inc.
333 Rising Sun Road
Bordentown, NJ 08505
Phone: 609-324-1100
Fax: 609-324-1106
Contact Us
Contact Information & Locations
Request For Quote
Request Information
Pacor Blog
Visit Our Store »
Request a Quote »
Request Information »
Home
Aerogel
Removable Covers
Fiberglass
Ceramic
Foam
Online Store
Services
Capabilities
Industries
About Us
Contact
Copyright © 2020 Pacor, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sitemap
Legal
Return Policy
Terms of Sale
333 Rising Sun Road
Bordentown, NJ 08505
Phone: 609.324.1100
Fax: 609.324.1106
custservice at pacorinc dot com