https://www.asenseofhumordriving.com/privacy-policy/
Registration
Login
Course Outline
Questions
Drivers Ed
Support
Privacy Policy
What information will I be providing at registration?
When you register for the course you will provide us with:
Your Name
Date of Birth
Mailing Address
Phone Number
Email Address
Texas Driver's License Number
Vehicle License Plate Number
Credit Card Number (if this is the form of payment you selected)
Checking Information (if this is the form of payment you selected)
Note: We do not retain credit card or checking account information in our database. This information is used temporarily and only for processing payment transactions.
How we secure your information.
For security we have a 128 bit encrypted secure socket layer and firewall software in place to maintain a safe and secure connection.
How we use your information.
We use this information for the purpose of payment processing, help desk support, certificate mailing, and verification of student identity.
We are required to supply the Texas Education Agency with personal information regarding those student who have completed our course and who have received a State of Texas Driving Safety Course Uniform Certificate of Course Completion.
We may also disclose this information when legally compelled to do so. In other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it, for the protection of our legal rights or for auditing purposes as may be required by the Texas Education Agency.
Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new laws that we feel you would benefit for knowing about, or special offers we think you will find valuable. If at anytime you would like to notify us of your desire not to receive this information you may email your request to us at [email protected]
Our company's values, ethical standards, policies and practices are all dedicated to the protection of your personal information. We will never share or attempt to sell your personal information with third parties for marketing or any other such purpose.
Online Defensive Driving with A Sense of Humor!Texas approved for ticket dismissal in every court in the state.Register Now!
TOP