https://www.harrisonspinks.co.uk/terms
Terms of website use
By browsing this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use, which govern Harrison Spinks relationship with you in relation to this website.The term ‘Harrison Spinks’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website, Harrison Spinks Beds Ltd, of which Harrison, Somnus, Hybed and Spink & Edgar are brand names. Full company details are set out at the end of these terms of use.
The following additional terms also apply to your use of our website:Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our website, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate; and
Our Cookie Policy, which sets out information about the cookies on our website.
Changes to these terms and this website
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. Please check this page from time to time, as any changes made will be binding on you.
We may update the content on the website from time to time. We do not guarantee or make any warranty that the website, or any content on it, will be free from errors or omissions, nor that the content is accurate, complete or up to date.
Our products
We reserve the right to amend the specifications of any product featured on this website.
The colours of our products are displayed as accurately as possible and all dimensions and prices supplied by us are approximate.
Access to the website
We do not guarantee that the website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change the website without notice to you and we shall not be liable to you if the website is unavailable for any period.
Intellectual property rights
We own or are the licensee of the intellectual property rights in the website and the material published on it. You are not permitted to use the information or other material on this website other than for its intended purpose of providing background and general information about us and our products.
You may not include a link to our website or display the contents of our website surrounded or framed or otherwise surrounded by material not originating from us without our consent.
You must not use any part of the content on the website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
Limitation of our liability
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, for our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or for any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under English law. To the extent permitted by law, we excluded all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the website or any content on it, whether express or implied.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty or otherwise arising under or in connection with:
use of, or inability to use, the website; oruse of or reliance on any content displayed on the website.We will not be liable for:
loss of profits, sales, business or revenue:business interruption;loss of anticipated savings;loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; orany indirect or consequential loss or damage.We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus or other harmful material that may affect your computer equipment, programs, data or other material due to your use of the website or your downloading of content from the website, or a third party website.
We are not responsible for the content of websites linked on our website, nor will we be liable for any loss or damage that may arise as a result of you using any third party website.
Viruses
We do not guarantee that the website will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.
You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform in order to access the website. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse the website by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
Modern Slavery Statement
This statement constitutes the Harrison Spinks Group’s statement on slavery and human trafficking under section 54 of the Modern Slavery Act 2017 for the financial year ended 30th June 2019. It sets out the steps that the Harrison Spinks Group has taken has taken and is continuing to take to ensure that modern slavery or human trafficking is not taking place within our business or supply chain.
The Harrison Spinks Group refers to the following group companies of Spinko Limited:
Harrison Spinks Beds Ltd· HS Products Ltd
The Harrison Spinks Group is a leading innovative bed and mattress manufacturer and has integrated a significant part of its supply chain.
Modern slavery
Modern slavery encompasses slavery, servitude, human trafficking and forced labour. Harrison Spinks Group has a zero tolerance approach to any form of modern slavery. We are committed to acting ethically and with integrity and transparency in all business dealings and to putting effective systems and controls in place to safeguard against any form of modern slavery taking place within the business or our supply chain.
Our policies
We operate a number of internal policies to ensure that we are conducting business in an ethical and transparent manner. These are available upon request.
Our suppliers
Each member of the Harrison Spinks Group operates a supplier policy and maintains a preferred supplier list. We conduct due diligence on all suppliers before allowing them to become a preferred supplier. This due diligence includes an online search to ensure that particular organisation has never been convicted of offences relating to modern slavery and on site audits which include a review of working conditions. Our anti-slavery policy forms part of our contract with all suppliers and they are required to confirm that no part of their business operations contradicts this policy.
In addition to the above, as part of our contract with suppliers, we require that they confirm to us that:
1. They have taken steps to eradicate modern slavery within their business2. They hold their own suppliers to account over modern slavery3. (For UK based suppliers) They pay their employees at least the national minimum wage / national living wage (as appropriate)4. (For international suppliers) They pay their employees any prevailing minimum wage applicable within their country of operations5. We may terminate the contract at any time should any instances of modern slavery come to lightTraining
We regularly conduct training for our management and staff so that they understand the signs of modern slavery and what to do if they suspect that it is taking place within our supply chain.
Our performance indicators
We will know the effectiveness of the steps that we are taking to ensure that slavery and/or human trafficking is not taking place within our business or supply chain if:
No reports are received from employees, the public, or law enforcement agencies to indicate that modern slavery practices have been identified.Retailer Portal
If you are granted access to the retailer portal section of the website (the “Portal”). The following licence terms shall apply.
1. You agree to keep a secure password for your use of the Portal and keep your password confidential. You may not allow any third party to use the Portal, or use any of the material set out on the Portal. 2. You shall not:a) attempt to copy, modify, duplicate, create derivative works from, frame, mirror, republish, download, display, transmit, or distribute all or any portion of the Portal in any form or media or by any means;b) attempt to de-compile, reverse compile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise reduce to human-perceivable form all or any part of the Portal;c) access all or any part of the Portal in order to build a product or service which competes with the Portal;d) license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, display, disclose, or otherwise commercially exploit, or otherwise make the Portal available to any third party; ore) attempt to obtain, or assist third parties in obtaining, access to Portal. 3. You shall not access, store, distribute or transmit any viruses, or any material during the course of your use of the Portal that:a) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, infringing, harassing or racially or ethnically offensive;b) facilitates illegal activity;c) depicts sexually explicit images;d) promotes unlawful violence;e) is discriminatory based on race, gender, colour, religious belief, sexual orientation, disability; orf) is in a manner that is otherwise illegal or causes damage or injury to any person or property,and we reserve the right, without liability or prejudice to our other rights, to disable your access to any material that breaches the provisions of this clause.
4. You acknowledge and agree that we and/or our licensors own all intellectual property rights in the Portal. Except as expressly stated below, this licence does not grant you any rights to, under or in, any patents, copyright, database right, trade secrets, trade names, trade marks (whether registered or unregistered), or any other rights or licences in respect of the Portal.5. We grant, and shall procure that any relevant third party grants, a royalty-free, non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to you to use the “General Harrison Spinks” content and items in the asset library, providing such items are used in accordance with our brand guidelines and approved by us in writing before use. 6. We confirm that we have all the rights in relation to the Portal that are necessary to grant all the rights we grant to you under, and in accordance with, the terms of this licence.7. If we discover that your password and login details have been provided to any third party, then without prejudice to our other rights under this licence, we shall promptly disable such passwords and login details and you will not be able to use the Portal.8. You acknowledge that the Portal has not been developed to meet your individual requirements and that you will be responsible for the accuracy of any information you upload to the Portal.9. The Portal is provided “as is” and we make no representation or warranty (of any kind), whether express or implied, concerning the Portal, including but not limited to the accuracy or completeness or fitness for purpose of information or data contained on the Portal. We shall not be liable to you for any losses, claims, costs, expenses or damages suffered by you as a result of your use of information or data contained on the Portal. 10. The rights provided to you under this licence are granted to you only, and shall not be considered granted to anybody else. For the avoidance of doubt, you must not permit any of our competitors to have access to the Portal.Applicable law
These terms of use, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by English law and we both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Harrison Spinks Beds Ltd.Registered in: England (277690).Registered office: Westland Road, Leeds LS11 5SN.Professional Associations: National Bed Federation, Worshipful Company of Furniture MakersVAT Number: 418093454.
Telephone: 0113 2055 200Fax: 0113 271 9739 Email: info@harrisonspinks.co.uk