https://www.orionhealth.com/global/privacy-policy/cookie-policy/
Global
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Orion Health
Cookie Policy
Our Cookie Policy describes our practices and management of cookies when you visit this website
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Introduction
The Orion Health website uses cookies to help provide you with the best user experience possible. This Cookie Policy applies to Orion Health’s use of cookies on this website, and forms part of Orion Health’s Privacy Policy available here. If you want to stop cookies being stored by your computer, you can change your settings here. If you continue to use this website without changing your settings we assume you consent to the way we use cookies described in this Cookies Policy.
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy you can contact us here.
What is a cookie?
A cookie, also known as an HTTP cookie, web cookie, or browser cookie, is usually a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in your web browser while you are browsing that website. When you browse the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to show your previous activity, including when you have logged in to the website before and which pages you have visited.
How Orion Health uses cookies
Orion Health uses cookies to store small bits of information on your computer and then retrieve them when you revisit. The information we collect includes your IP address, but not any other information about you such as your name, address, telephone number or email address unless you provide it to us.
These cookies help us to:
Remember your settings during and between visits (your region, for example)
Improve the speed and security of the website
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient
The following types of cookies are in use while browsing the Orion Health website:
Strictly necessary cookies
Performance cookies
Functionality cookies
Targeting / Advertising cookies
These cookies are a mixture of first party cookies, which we set ourselves, and third party cookies, which are set by other websites. Below is a list of the different types of cookies used on this website, and an explanation of what they are used for. If you want to learn more about the general uses of cookies, including how to stop them being stored by your computer, you can do so here.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the website will then not work.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the website. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance. There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our website.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation such as remembering which region you selected on your last visit. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages to improve performance or functionality such as social media sharing. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting/Advertising Cookies
Cookies are widely used in online advertising. You can learn more about online advertising here. You can opt-out of almost all advertising cookies used by Orion Health here, although opting out will not mean you won't see adverts, they just won't be tailored to you any longer if we do choose to advertise to you. To improve the accuracy of our advertising, we use: DoubleClick, which is a common advertising tool owned by Google. You can read their Privacy Policy here.
We also use Google Analytics, which includes advertising features allowing us to show you ads based on Google’s profile of you, show remarketing ads based on your viewing behaviour on our website, as well as receive reporting on how many times these ads have been shown. We may use these features to show special offers to you, or suggest other relevant content to encourage you to come back to our website. Don't worry, we are unable to proactively reach out to you directly (as the whole process is anonymised) by email or other means unless you provide us with your contact details. You can learn more about the cookies used by Google here, as well as view the available options for opting out here.
Cookies in emails
Any emails you receive from us may include cookies, but these will only be activated if you click on the links in the email. We use this functionality to track which links were clicked and in what quantity, as well as the aggregate number of links clicked.
Close
Products
Enterprise
Enterprise Clinicals
Enterprise Administration
Amadeus
Amadeus Intelligence
Coordinate
Care Pathways
Clinical Referrals
Medicines
Discover
Engage
Consult
Services
Managed Services
Application Managed Services
Education Services
OH Intelligence services – Data Science Consulting
Virtual Care
Knowledge Hub
Blog
Customer Stories
Patient Stories
White Papers
Reports
Webinars
Videos
Newsroom
Podcasts
Solutions for
Hospitals and Health Systems
Private Health Insurers
Interoperability
Population Health Management
Precision Medicine
Outbreak Management Solution
Strategic Partners
Support
Documentation
Licenses
Support Tracker
Careers
Job Search
About Us
Our Story
Our Story
Timeline
Events
Arab Health
Contact Us
Region:
Global
USA
UK & Ireland
New Zealand
Australia
Canada
Global
This is the
Global
website. Click here to change region.
×