https://www.adamsmfg.com/privacy-policy
[ Back to Iconic American-Made Outdoor Resin Furniture ]
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 13, 2019At Adams Mfg. Corp., we respect the privacy needs of website visitors and valued customers. This statement discloses the privacy practices for Adams Mfg. Corp. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to all information learned about or obtained from you when you visit: www.adamsmfg.com (the “Site”), or shop in our Suction Cup eStore (which can be accessed via the Site, or directly through the URL: www.suctioncups.com), whether you access the Site through a personal computer, mobile device or any other technology. If you visit or shop at the Site, you accept this Policy and the Adams Mfg. Corp. Terms of Use, so please read them both carefully. We may modify the Policy from time to time, effective upon posting to the Site. Your access to or use of the Site at any time constitutes acceptance of the Policy in effect at that time. This Policy does not apply to information collected offline or via other means outside of the Site.Adams Mfg. Corp. works to ensure the highest degree of protection for consumers and businesses. We will continue to work to comply with strict standards for online privacy, security, business practices, transaction integrity and availability. If you have any specific questions about the Adams Mfg. Corp. Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at adams.marketing@keter.comData Collection PracticesWe collect personally identifiable information, like name, company, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, and title when voluntarily submitted by visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill a specific request such as requesting a product quote, sending us an email inquiry, or completing a transaction through our Suction Cup eStore. Adams Mfg. Corp. may also use this information to communicate information to visitors about our products and services.Personal information may also be used for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our Site features and services. Adams Mfg. Corp. holds all data gathered in strict confidence. Under no circumstances will any of your provided contact information be sold to, supplied to, or otherwise made available to any third party other than when required by law (refer to “Information Used by Third Parties” section). If at any time you wish to opt out of any communication or to be deleted from our database, simply contact us at adams.marketing@keter.com, or click on the appropriate opt-out link in any given email communication that you may receive.Session CookiesA “cookie” is a small text file that is transferred to your computer by our Web server. A “session cookie” is a temporary cookie that expires when you close your browser. A session cookie assigns a randomly-generated, unique identification number to your computer when you access our Site or open our email.
Assigning your computer a number facilitates the proper functioning of the features of our Site and email, by permitting us to maintain a persistent “state” for your session.
We also use session cookies to collect information about the ways visitors use this Site or an email – which pages are visited, which links are used, and how long a user stays on each page.
We analyze this information to better understand our visitors’ interests and needs and to improve the content and functionality of this Site and our emails.Information Used by Third PartiesWe may share specific personal information to comply with legal requirements, cooperate with law enforcement, prevent fraud and other crimes, and protect legal rights, property, you and others. There are limited circumstances in which we may share the personal information in our databases with unrelated third parties.
For example, we may disclose the personal information we collect on this Site or in an email without notifying you when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or a regulatory requirement; to comply with a subpoena or court order; to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the law enforcement or government agency requesting the information to formally serve us with a subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a contract; to protect the legal rights, property or safety of Adams Mfg. Corp., our employees, agents, reps, other users or the public in general, or to protect your vital interests.
We also reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement or government agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful without providing notice to you.Privacy Policy ChangesWe reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on this Site.
These changes will only apply to personal information we collect after we have posted the revised Privacy Policy.
Your use of this Site or an email following any such change constitutes your agreement that all personal information collected from or about you through this Site or email after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.Opting OutIf you would like to opt out of any Adams Mfg. Corp. future communication (that is not related to a current or pending transaction), please let us know by sending us an email, including your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to implement your request as promptly as possible.California Shine the Light LawUnder California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain, once per calendar year, information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses.
If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year.
To obtain this information from us, please use the Contact Us link on the site, write "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line of your message, and we will send you a reply email containing the requested information.
Not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.Children’s Privacy We do not knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13).
The site is not directed at children under the age of thirteen (13), and by using the site, you represent that you are not under the age of thirteen (13).
Our Site and emails are not directed at nor targeted to children.
No one who has not reached the age of majority in his or her country may use this Site unless supervised by an adult. We do not use our Site to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to anyone under the age of majority in his or her country.
Our goal is to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to collection and use of information from children, including the Children’s On-line Privacy Protection Act of the United States and other applicable laws or regulations.
If you believe that we have received information from a child or other person protected under such laws, please notify us immediately by email at adams.marketing@keter.com and we will take reasonable steps to remove that information from our records.Information Exchanges and TransactionsPrivacy, anti-hacking and other security technology has been implemented throughout our Site (via our ISP: www.mediatemple.com) and in our Suction Cup eStore (via Shopify and PayPal data security protocols). Information exchanges and transactions, passwords, and billing-related data between you and our Site, including our Suction Cup eStore, are protected using various technologies (SSL, data encryption, PCI-compliance, etc.). This ensures a very high degree of security.Credit Card and Billing Data SecurityAdams Mfg. Corp. allows you to purchase suction cups through our Suction Cup eStore, which is powered through Shopify (www.shopify.com) using a PayPal Payments Advanced gateway (www.paypal.com). Credit card and order data is encrypted and secure. Shopify is Level 1 PCI-compliant and uses 128 bit SSL certificates to keep order details secure.
PayPal Payments Advanced is also PCI-compliant and features automatic fraud screening and a robust seller protection policy to keep all parties safe.Governing LawThis Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania, United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law principles. Notwithstanding your country of origin, or country, state and/or province of residence, by utilizing our site and/or directly providing personal information to us, you hereby agree to and acknowledge your understanding of the terms of this Privacy Policy, and consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States and/or in other jurisdictions as determined by us.Right to TransferNotwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Privacy Policy, Adams Mfg. Corp. reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer your personal information to a third party in connection with a proposed or actual purchase, sale, merger, or any other type of acquisition or financing of all or any portion of Adams Mfg. Corp.The Final WordMaintaining the privacy of your information is of paramount importance to us as it helps foster confidence, goodwill and stronger relationships with you, our customers. If, at any time, you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please feel free contact us at adams.marketing@keter.com