http://www.falbygdensost.se/terms-of-use/
arrowcastello-fullIcons_1ecology-leaf-searchecology-leaf-searchAsset 2fallbygdenshero-iconkvibilleLink Iconlogo-with-cheese-blacklogo-with-cheese-whiteplay-buttonquoteecology-leaf-searchTriangle
Terms of use
Arla Foods Standard Terms of Website Use. This website is brought to you by Arla Foods amba. If you have any comments or queries, please contact us at arla@arlafoods.com or by writing to us at Sønderhøj 14, 8260 Viby J, Denmark. By entering and using the Website you are deemed to have read and accepted these Terms of Use. If you do not accept these Terms of Use or any part of them, you should not enter or use the Website. Arla may modify these Terms of Use from time to time. Your continued use of this website (or any of Arlas other websites) following such change demonstrates your agreement to be bound by the modified Terms of Use. We will highlight any changes we make to the Terms of Use but we advise you to check the Terms of Use often. If you do not agree to any change to the Terms of Use, then you must immediately stop using the Arla websites. 1. ACCURACY OF CONTENT Arla makes every effort to ensure that the content of the Website is accurate and up-to-date, but Arla does not offer any warranties (whether express implied or otherwise) as to the reliability, accuracy or completeness of the information appearing on the Website. Arla may remove material from the Website at its own discretion and without giving any notice. Any information offered in relation to the nutritional content or health benefits of any of the Arla products or in relation to other medical issues is general in nature. It is not a substitute for medical advice and it should not be relied upon. You should raise specific questions with your doctor. If you choose to rely on such information you do so entirely at your own risk and (subject to applicable laws) Arla cannot be held responsible for the outcome. 2. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the Website content, software and all HTML and other code contained in this Website, shall remain at all times vested in Arla and/or its licensors and is protected by copyright and other laws and international treaty provisions. Users may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, redistribute, reproduce, publish, license, commercially exploit, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any material which may be displayed on the Website from time to time without first obtaining permission to do so from Arla in writing. The Website and its contents are copyright material and the copyright is owned by Arla Foods unless stated otherwise. Without limiting the foregoing, copying the above listed materials to any other server or location for publication, reproduction or distribution is expressly prohibited. All trade marks appearing on the Website are either owned by Arla Foods or Arla Foods has obtained permission from the trade mark owner to use the trade mark on the Website. If you wish to obtain permission to make use of any of the trade marks or other material which may be displayed on the Website from time to time please contact Tove Graulund at trademarks@arlafoods.com. 3. IMAGE BANKS Certain images and material are made available for limited use through the Image Bank. If you wish to use any of the images or material appearing in the Image Bank you must register with Arla first. A registration form and the licence terms will appear at the Image Bank. 4. PROHIBITION ON COMMERCIAL USE OF WEBSITE CONTENT You are permitted to use the material which is displayed on the Website from time to time only as expressly authorised by Arla or its licensors. This Website is intended to provide information relating to Arla products and the Website is designed for personal, non-commercial use only. Users may not use this Website, or any of the material appearing on the Website from time to time to further any commercial purpose, including (but not limited to) advertising or to promote or generate activity on any other website. 5. LINKING Arla may from time to time include links on this Website to other websites or resources operated by parties other than Arla. These links are provided for the convenience of users and Arla is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources and does not endorse or accept responsibility for the content of such external websites or resources and has no responsibility for or control over the privacy policy (if any) of the operators of the external websites. You are strongly advised to check the terms and conditions of use and the privacy policies of these external websites before entering or making use of them. If you wish to create a hyperlink to this Website or to any other website operated or maintained by Arla Foods please contact Helle Braad Lindahl at arla@arlafoods.com Arla generally welcomes links to its websites. However by so linking, you agree that Arla may require the link to be removed if, in Arlas sole opinion, any aspect of the linking website, its content or any other matter relating to the link is objectionable to Arla. 6. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY The internet is by its nature an unreliable medium. Consequently, you accept that this Website is offered on an on and as available basis. Arla takes all reasonable steps to ensure that the Website is properly functioning at all times but Arla does not warrant that this Website will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Website or the server that makes it available are free of software viruses or bugs or other defects. While Arla does not exclude liability for death or personal injury, by accepting these Terms of Use, you accept that Arla cannot be liable to you for any loss or damage you suffer as a result of visiting this Website or making use of the information available on the Website. You must take your own precautions (including but not limited to installing adequate protective measures to guard against software viruses and ensuring that you retain up-to-date copies of all data) to protect yourself against loss or damage. 7. PRIVACY POLICY Arla Foods knows that you care how information about you is used and shared and it is careful to ensure that any such information that comes into its possession is properly looked after. This Privacy Policy sets out the steps that we take to ensure that any information provided to us is kept secure and confidential and is used only for the purposes for which it is provided. PERSONAL INFORMATION The only personal information that we will collect is the personal information that you provide to us when you register with us or when you communicate with us through our website. We will at any time, at your request, provide you with a copy of any personal information that we are holding about you. Our website does not store or capture personal information automatically, but merely logs the user's Internet Protocol address which is automatically recognised by the Web server which then delivers web pages to your computer. If you are connected to the Internet you will have an Internet Protocol address which may look something like this: 197.188.58.9. This website employs cookies for collecting technical information for statistical purposes of a non-personal nature, from which you cannot be identified and which is required for system administration. A cookie is a message given to a web browser by a web server. It is used f.ex. to identify a user's computer in order to register visit patterns on the website. Purposes for which Personal Information may be used Any personal information that you provide to us will only be used for the following purposes: To provide information, products or services to you as requested by you. To let you know about products and services from Arla Foods or the Arla Foods Group in which you may be interested or other marketing purposes. For internal review. To improve the content of the website. To customise the content and /or layout of the website for each individual user. To notify users about updates to the website. To compile and disclose statistics about our users and their preferences. However, these statistics are anonymous and do not identify individual users. DISCLOSURE We will not pass any of your personal information to any third party, other than members of the Arla Foods Group, without your consent, which shall be deemed to be given in the circumstances set out below unless you indicate otherwise. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY If we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes here. However, if we make material changes to the way we use your personal information we will ask for your consent before we do so.
Varukorg
Totalt
Gå till utcheckning
Gå till produkter
Fortsätt handla
Vi använder cookies, inklusive tredje parts, på vår webbplats för att den ska fungera så bra som möjligt, för att förbättra och anpassa innehåll, för att rapportera om användningen av webbplatsen samt för att göra riktad marknadsföring.
Läs mer om cookies
Visa inställningar
Dölj inställningar
Nödvändiga cookies - Behövs för att sajten ska fungera som den ska
Valfria cookies - För att följa upp hur sajten används - det hjälper oss att analysera och förbättra den, samt att göra riktad marknadsföring
Jag förstår