http://www.sierraflowerfinder.com/en/privacy-policy/
Your email:
Your password:
Don’t have an account?
Creating one is very simple
Close
Invalid e-mail and password combination.
Remember me
Forgot Password?
Welcome Guest
Sign in
Become a member
About Us
Careers
Feedback
Français
My Albums
Growers & Breeders
Where to Buy
Go
Go
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Print this page
AlstromeriaAstersBouquetsCarnationsChrysanthemumExotic Blooms and FoliagesFlowers and FillersGladiolasGreens, Foliages and BranchesGypsophilaLiliesLimoniumOrchidsPreserved and DriedProteas and LeucadendronsRoses
Privacy Policy
Last modified: October 13, 2010
Information collected by Sierra Flower Finder will never be sold to or used by third parties, and is protected against unauthorized use or access. The information collected is used to improve the quality of our services for our users. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving information from us, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the websites offered by Sierra Flower Trading (Sierra). If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our websites or write to us at
935 Reverchon, St-Laurent, Qc, Canada, H4T 4L2
Information we collect and how we use it
We may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide – When you sign up for a Sierra Flower Finder (SFF) account or any others, we ask you for personal information.
Cookies – When you visit our websites, we send one or more cookies to your computer. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, improving search results.
Log information – When you access Sierra websites, our server automatically records information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To send periodic emails with information or updates pertaining to your account, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates or related product or service information
To improve our websites - (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To process transactions - Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services and develop new services; and
To protect the rights or property of Sierra or our users
If we use this information in a manner different from the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
The email address you provide will be also used to send you information and updates pertaining to your accounts.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information)
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some websites features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to Sierra employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Accessing and updating personal information
When you use Sierra website, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required.
Enforcement
Sierra regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, it is Sierra’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between Sierra and an individual.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice.
Sierra Farms/Clients Login
Confirm your orders
AWESOME FEATURES
for florists, wholesalers, growers & breeders
Careers
Join the Sierra team - See our career opportunities
Sierra Flower Finder is dedicated to the professional floral community by Sierra Flower Trading. Through this collaborative site, we are creating the opportunity for breeders, growers, wholesalers and florists to share their knowledge and passion for the incredible diversity of flowers that make our industry so unique.
©
2020
Sierra Flowers Trading Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions