http://www.atta.co.uk/terms-privacy-policy/
Terms & Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms & conditions of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data, and how we’ll treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is the African Travel and Tourism Association (ATTA®) Mailbox 334, 56 Gloucester Road London SW7 4UB
Information we may collect from youWe may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website (“our site”). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you don’t have to respond to them
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access
Information that you request us to forward to an Atta Member or Members including but not limited to addresses for brochure requests and details of proposed holiday requirements.
IP addresses and cookies
We may collect information about your computer including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is aggregate data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and doesn’t identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that's transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests
To speed up your searches
To recognise you when you return to our site.
By using the site you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described.You can refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to do this. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you’ve adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
If you wish to opt out of these cookies from Google, click here.
To opt out of additional third party cookies that perform this service, click here.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers or Members. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We’ll take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet isn’t completely secure. Although we’ll do our best to protect your personal data, we can’t guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we’ve received your information, we’ll use our reasonable endeavours to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses made of the information
We may use information held about you in the following ways
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you’ve consented to be contacted for such purposes
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so
To notify you about changes to our service
If you don’t want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
As explicitly or implicitly instructed by you, for example when forwarding information or brochure requests to ATTA Members
If ATTA Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets
If we’re under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of ATTA, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We’ll inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Mailbox 334, 56 Gloucester Road London SW7 4UB . Please mark your correspondence for the attention of the Data Controller.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our Members, partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we don’t accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Removal of Data
If you have not been in contact with ATTA® for a period of 2 years then your data will be destroyed at this time. If you wish to have the data we hold removed you can contact us at Mailbox 334, 56 Gloucester Road London SW7 4UB requesting this information to be removed. Please mark your correspondence for the attention of the Data Controller.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access personal information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the Data Controller ATTA Ltd, Mailbox 334, 56 Gloucester Road London SW7 4UB
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
X