http://www.a1rubber.com/privacy-policies/
Privacy Policies • A1 Rubber
QLD (07) 3807 3666 sales@a1rubber.com
NSW (02) 9756 2146 nswsales@a1rubber.com
VIC 0408 607 888 vicsales@a1rubber.com
Home
General Info
About us
News
Green Credentials
Upcycling
International Distribution
Our Products
Commercial
Fitness
Acoustic
Recreational
Sports
Animal Matting
General Matting
Adhesives & Sealants
Online Support
Login/Register
Documents
Brochures
FAQ
Wetpour Calculator
Certificate of Compliance
Request a sample
New Business
New Product Ideas
Become an installer
Submit installation News
Feedback
Quick Search
Entire Site
By Brand
By Application
For installers or distributors
For Documents
For Brochures
Contact
Privacy Policy
Introduction
1. This APP Privacy Policy is A1 Rubber Group Limited (A1 Rubber) official privacy policy as required by the Privacy Act 1988 and the Australian Privacy Principles (“APP”) and it applies to all personal information collected by A1 Rubber.
In this policy we explain how and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, and what controls you have over our use of it.
A1 Rubber is committed to the protection of personal privacy.
The personal information we collect is for the administration of providing you with our goods and services and to enhance and develop our relationship with you. The information we collect typically consists of contact details and job title or position.
We will collect only information that is relevant and necessary and will collect the information in an unobtrusive manner. The information will not be used for any purpose other than that for which it was collected. From time to time we may need to disclose your information to service providers, agents, contractors and strategic partners to help us provide and market our services to you. If we do this we require these parties to protect your information the same way we do.
You are not required to provide us with any personal information when dealing with us. However, you need to be aware we may not be able to notify you in the event of any product recalls, or any product delivery issues.
The Internet is not a secure environment. If you send us information, including your email address, via the internet, it is sent at your own risk.
You have a right to access the personal information we hold about you. Please contact us to ask for access to your information or if you have a complaint concerning the privacy of your information.
2. A1 Rubber is committed to complying with Commonwealth legislation (the Privacy Act 1988 and the APP) governing privacy of personal information by businesses and to protecting and safeguarding your privacy when you deal with us. Collection of information
3. Some information provided to us by clients, customers, contractors and other third parties might be considered private or personal. Without these details we would not be able to carry on our business and provide our services to you. We will only collect such personal information if it is necessary for one of our functions or activities. The kinds of personal information that A1 Rubber collects in respect of individuals includes:
•	names
•	contact details
•	financial information
•	information about credit history
4. In particular, personal information is collected from people in the following situations by A1 Rubber:
•	If you contact A1 Rubber, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
•	When you apply for and/or establish and/or access an account or order product;
•	When you conduct certain types of transactions such as cheque purchases or refunds;
•	When you place an order on our web-site to purchase goods we may require you to provide us with contact information including your name, address, telephone number or email address and financial information (such as credit card details).
5. Financial information that is collected via the web site or through the Trade or Supplier trading systems that is used by us to bill you for products and services. Any financial information that is collected is for the purpose of transaction approval and funds transfer. The financial information we collect from you is kept securely and held on secure servers in controlled facilities.
6. At or before the time the personal information is collected by us, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that you are made aware of who we are, the fact that you are able to gain access to the information held about you, the purpose of the collection, the type(s) of organisations to which we usually disclose the information collected about you, any laws requiring the collection of the information and the main consequences for you if all or part of the information is not collected. Use of information collected and disclosure of personal information to others
8. In addition we are permitted to use or disclose personal information held about you:
•	Where you have consented to the use or disclosure;
•	Where we reasonably believe that the use or disclosure is necessary to lessen or prevent a serious, immediate threat to someone's health or safety or the public's health or safety;
•	Where we reasonably suspect that unlawful activity has been, is being or may be engaged in and the use or disclosure is a necessary part of our investigation or in reporting the matter to the relevant authorities;
•	Where such use or disclosure is required under or authorised by law (for example, to comply with a subpoena, a warrant or other order of a court or legal process);
•	Where we reasonably believe that the use or disclosure is necessary for prevention, investigation, prosecution and punishment of crimes or wrongdoings or the preparation for, conduct of, proceedings before any court or tribunal or the implementation of the orders of a court or tribunal by or on behalf of an enforcement body.
•	Where you have requested a service (e.g. Installation, assembly or hire of a product) and we are required to disclose the information to an Installer in order to facilitate the provision of the service.
Anonymity and Pseudonymity
9. You have the option of dealing with A1 Rubber anonymously. However, this only applies where is not impracticable for A1 Rubber to deal with individuals acting anonymously or under a pseudonym. For example, individuals making general enquiries of A1 Rubber may do so anonymously or under a pseudonym. However, if the dealing with A1 Rubber is for A1 Rubber to supply goods and services and/or to enter into contractual relations then it is impractical for individuals to deal with A1 Rubber on an anonymous basis or under a pseudonym. Direct Marketing
10. As part of A1 Rubber’s functions and business activities and to promote the services we can provide to you, A1 Rubber may use personal information that you have provided to A1 Rubber for the purposes of direct marketing. Direct marketing includes, but is not limited to, sending to you and/or contacting you in relation to promotions and information about A1 Rubber. You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications by sending an email to A1 Rubber’s Privacy Officer at admin@a1rubber.com. In any direct marketing communication we remind recipients of their right to opt out of receiving direct marketing communications. Links
11. Our web site may contain links to other web sites and those third party web sites may collect personal information about you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other businesses or the content of web sites that are linked to our web site. A1 Rubber encourages users to be aware when they leave the site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. Security and storage
12. A1 Rubber places a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers, clients and contractors. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. A1 Rubber takes all reasonable steps to protect your personal information that is under A1 Rubber’s control from misuse, interference, loss and/or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. All personal information held is kept securely and that held electronically is held on secure servers in controlled facilities.
13. Personal information is de-identified or destroyed securely when no longer required by us.
14. A1 Rubber retains the information you provide to us including your contact and credit card details to enable us to verify transactions and customer details and to retain adequate records for legal and accounting purposes. This information is held on secure servers in controlled facilities.
15. Information stored within our computer systems can only be accessed by those entrusted with authority and computer network password sanctions.
16. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect users' personal information, A1 Rubber cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to it or from its online products or services, and users do so at their own risk. Once A1 Rubber receives your transmission, it makes every effort to ensure its security on its systems.
17. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for keeping your passwords and/or account information secret. You should be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Access to and correction of personal information
18. A1 Rubber is committed to and takes all reasonable steps in respect of maintaining accurate, timely, relevant, complete and appropriate information about our customers, clients and web-site users.
19. You may request access to personal information about you held by A1 Rubber. Such a request for access to your personal information is to be made to A1 Rubber’s Privacy Officer:
A1 Rubber’s Privacy Officer
PO Box 6278
YATALA QLD 4207
Telephone: (07) 3807 3666
Email: admin@a1rubber.com
20. Please note A1 Rubber does require that, as part of any request for access to personal information, you verify your identity so that A1 Rubber may be satisfied that the request for access is being made by the individual concerned.
21. Please note that A1 Rubber is not required to give an individual access to personal information in circumstances where:
•	A1 Rubber reasonably believes that giving access would pose a serious threat to the life, health or safety of any individual, or to public health or public safety; or
•	giving access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of other individuals; or
•	the request for access is frivolous or vexatious; or
•	the information relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings between A1 Rubber and the individual, and would not be accessible by the process of discovery in those proceedings; or
•	giving access would reveal the intentions of A1 Rubber in relation to negotiations with the individual in such a way as to prejudice those negotiations; or
•	giving access would be unlawful; or
•	denying access is required or authorised by or under an Australian law or a court/ tribunal order; or
•	both of the following apply:
1.	A1 Rubber has reason to suspect that unlawful activity, or misconduct of a serious nature, that relates to A1 Rubber’s functions or activities has been, is being or may be engaged in;
2.	giving access would be likely to prejudice the taking of appropriate action in relation to the matter; or
•	giving access would be likely to prejudice one or more enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of, an enforcement body; or
•	giving access would reveal evaluative information generated within A1 Rubber in connection with a commercially sensitive decision-making process.
22. Inaccurate information will be corrected upon receiving advice to this effect from you. To ensure confidentiality, details of your personal information will be passed on to you only if we are satisfied that the information relates to you. From time to time, and having regard to the purpose of the collection and use of your personal information, we may contact you to seek confirmation that the personal information you have provided to us is accurate, up-to-date and complete.
23. If we refuse to provide you with access to or correct the personal information held about you by us, then we will provide reasons for such refusal. Such reasons will set out the grounds for refusal, the mechanisms available to complain about the refusal and any other matters that are required by the Privacy Act.
24. A1 Rubber will respond to any requests for access or correction within a reasonable time of receipt of the request, but by no later than 30 days of the request being received. Complaints
25. If you have a complaint about our APP Privacy Policy or A1 Rubber’s collection, use or safe disposal or destruction of your personal information, your complaint should be directed in the first instance A1 Rubber’s Privacy Officer at the contact details set out at clause 19 of this policy.
26. We will investigate your complaint within 30 calendar days and attempt to resolve any breach that might have occurred in relation to the collection, use or destruction of personal information held by us about you in accordance with the Commonwealth Privacy legislation and the APPS. If you are not satisfied with the outcome of this procedure then you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Transfer of information overseas
27. A1 Rubber is unlikely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients. Personal information will only be disclosed by A1 Rubber to overseas recipients in accordance with Australian Privacy Principle 8, such as if the disclosure is required by Australian law. Cookies
28. A1 Rubber collects information from the site using "IP files".
29. When you visit the A1 Rubber site to read, browse or download information, our system will record/log your IP address (the address which identifies your computer on the internet and which is automatically recognised by our web server), date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed and any information downloaded. This information will only be used for the purpose of site analysis and to help us offer you improved online service. We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of Internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites. Changes to Privacy Policy
30. If A1 Rubber decides to or is required to change its APP Privacy Policy, it will post changes on this APP Privacy Policy page so that users are always aware of what information is collected, how it is used and the way in which information may be disclosed. As a result, please remember to refer back to this APP Privacy Policy regularly to review any amendments. Contacting us
31. If you require further information regarding our APP Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following address:
E-mail: admin@a1rubber.com
32. Should you wish to read more information on privacy legislation or the Australian Privacy Principles we recommend that you visit the web-site of the office of the Australian Information Commissioner at www.oaic.gov.au Acceptance
33. You accept and acknowledge that your use of this site includes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.
Credit Reporting Privacy Policy
Introduction
1. This Credit Reporting Privacy Policy is the official privacy policy of A1 Rubber Pty Ltd (“A1 Rubber”) as required by the Privacy Act 1988 (particularly Part IIIA of that Act), Credit Reporting Code and the Australian Privacy Principles (“APP”) and it applies to all credit information and credit eligibility information about individuals (“credit information” collected and held by A1 Rubber in its activities as a credit provider.
In this policy we explain how and why we collect your credit information, how we use it, and what controls you have over our use of it. This policy is relevant to individuals who are current and former commercial credit account holder
customers, as well as other individuals that A1 Rubber deals with in connection with credit we provide to account commercial credit account customers (such individuals being guarantors and directors).
2. A1 Rubber is committed to complying with Commonwealth legislation (the Privacy Act 1988 and the APP and the Credit Reporting Code) governing privacy of credit information by credit providers and to protecting and safeguarding your privacy when you deal with us.
Collection of information and types of information collected
3. A1 Rubber collects, holds and discloses various types of credit-related information about individuals, which information includes:
•		identification information such as current and prior names and addresses, age, contact details and driver's licence number;
•	applications for consumer or commercial credit (including the name of each relevant credit provider), the type and amount of that credit and the fact A1 Rubber has accessed consumer credit information to assess a relevant application;
•	that A1 Rubber and other credit providers are or have been a provider of credit to an individual and the type, characteristics and maximum amount of credit that have been provided or will be provided;
•	the date that any credit contract A1 Rubber or other credit providers have or had with an individual was entered into and the date that it comes to an end;
•	payments owed to A1 Rubber or another credit provider, in connection with credit provided to an individual or in relation to which an individual is a guarantor, overdue for more than 60 days (and, if such an individual
subsequently repays any such overdue payment, the fact of that repayment);
•	whether in A1 Rubber’ or another credit provider's opinion an individual has committed a serious credit infringement;
•	whether an individual has entered into arrangements with A1 Rubber or other credit providers in connection with credit provided to the individual;
•	court proceedings information, personal insolvency information and credit-related publicly available information;
•	scores, ratings, summaries, evaluations and other information relating to an individual’s credit worthiness which is derived by A1 Rubber or its agents or by CRBs wholly or partly on the basis of the information above;
•	certain administrative information relating to credit, such as account and customer numbers.
While the Privacy Act uses a variety of terms to refer to such information as referred to above, for ease of understanding and reading this policy, such information is referred to hereinafter as "credit information".
4. Credit information may be collected in a number of ways including:
•	being provided by an individual directly to A1 Rubber or by persons acting on behalf of the individual (such as on applications or other forms);
•	being provided by credit reporting bodies (“CRBs”) and other credit providers with the consent of the individual;
•	being information that is in the public domain;
•	being information is derived by A1 Rubber from an individual’s usage and (where applicable)trade on and
repayment of any account held with A1 Rubber.
How credit information is held
5. Any financial information that is collected via A1 Rubber’ web site relating to individuals is used by A1 Rubber to bill the individual for products and services. Any financial information that is collected is for the purpose of transaction approval and funds transfer. Any such financial information we collect from an individual or about an individual is kept securely and held on secure servers in controlled facilities.
6. At or before the time any credit information is collected by A1 Rubber about an individual, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that the individual is made aware of who we are, the fact that the individual is able to gain access to the information held about the individual, the purpose of the collection, the type(s) of organisations to which we usually disclose such information collected about the individuals, any laws requiring the collection of the information and the main consequences for the individual if all or part of the information is not collected.
7. A1 Rubber may hold credit information about an individual in physical form or in electronic form on our systems or the systems of A1 Rubber’ service providers.
The credit information A1 Rubber holds about individuals is protected by physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards and A1 Rubber also require its service providers that hold and process such information on A1 Rubber’ behalf to follow appropriate standards of security and confidentiality.
A1 Rubber trains its staff and others who work for it on how to handle credit information appropriately and A1 Rubber restricts access to what is necessary for specific job functions. Use of information collected and disclosure of personal information to others
8. We may, as permitted by law, collect, hold, use or disclose credit information held about an individual for the purposes for which such information is collected. These purposes include:
•	to form decisions as to whether to provide an individual, or an entity associated with an individual, with credit or to accept an individual as a guarantor;
•	to make assessments relating to an individual’s credit worthiness which are used in A1 Rubber’ ongoing decision-making processes regarding provision of credit and the amount of such credit;
•	to participate in the credit reporting system including in obtaining from and providing information to CRBs and other credit providers as permitted by Part IIIA of the Privacy Act and the Credit Reporting Code;
•	to assist an individual or entity associated with the individual to avoid defaulting on credit-related obligations to A1 Rubber or other credit providers;
•	to undertake debt recovery and enforcement activities, including in relation to guarantors, and to deal with serious credit infringements;
•	to deal with complaints and meet legal and regulatory requirements; and
•	to assist other credit providers to do the same.
(Some credit information may only be used or disclosed under the Privacy Act for some of the above purposes and in some circumstances – some such circumstances are set out in clause 9 below.)
9. Generally, A1 Rubber will be permitted to use or disclose credit information held about an individual where the individual consented to the use or disclosure. A1 Rubber may disclose credit information about an individual to CRBs and/or to other credit providers for such purposes as set out at clause 8 above as permitted by the Privacy Act. For example, A1 Rubber may be permitted to disclose credit information to a CRB in such circumstances as where the individual has consented to the disclosure or where the individual has failed to meet payment obligations in relation to credit provided by A1 Rubber or if the individual has committed a serious credit infringement. Similarly, A1 Rubber will generally be permitted to disclose credit information to another credit provider about an individual where the individual has consented to such disclosure.
10. CRBs may include credit information provided by A1 Rubber in reports provided to other credit providers to assist such other credit providers to assess the individual’s credit worthiness.
Rights in relation to CRBs
11. Individuals have certain rights in respect of CRBs and the information a CRB holds about the individual and those rights include:
•	Opting out of direct marketing pre-screenings. A CRB may use an individual’s credit reporting information to assist a credit provider to market to that individual by pre-screening the individual for direct marketing by the credit provider. This process is known as a "pre-screening". If an individual does not want a CRB (including that CRB listed above) to use that individual’s information for the purpose of pre-screening, the individual has the right under the Privacy Act to contact the CRB to request that they exclude the individual from such processes.
•	If an individual is a victim of fraud (including identity-related fraud). An individual is entitled under the Privacy Act to request that a CRB not use or disclose credit reporting information they hold about the individual in circumstances where the individual reasonably believes that they have been or are likely to be a victim of fraud, including identity-related fraud. The period while this applies is called a "ban period". An individual can make such a request to any CRB, including that listed above. Direct Marketing
12. As part of A1 Rubber’ functions and business activities and to promote the services we can provide to its customers, including in respect of A1 Rubber’ credit-related activities, A1 Rubber may be permitted to use personal information about individuals that individuals have provided to A1 Rubber for the purposes of direct marketing.
Direct marketing includes, but is not limited to, sending to and/or contacting individuals in relation to promotions and information about A1 Rubber. You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications by sending an email to A1 Rubber’ Privacy Officer at admin@a1rubber.com.
In any direct marketing communication we remind recipients of their right to opt out of receiving direct marketing communications. However, as a general rule, a credit provider such as A1 Rubber is not permitted to disclose to others credit information about individuals for the purposes of direct marketing. We also refer you to the right of individuals, set out at paragraph 11 above, to opt out of direct market pre-screenings by CRBs.
Anonymity and Pseudonymity
13. Individuals would generally have the option of dealing with A1 Rubber anonymously.
However, this only applies where is not impracticable for A1 Rubber to deal with individuals acting anonymously or under a pseudonym.
For example, individuals making general enquiries of A1 Rubber may do so anonymously or under a pseudonym.
However, if the dealing with A1 Rubber is for A1 Rubber to supply goods and services and/or to enter into contractual relations (such as a commercial credit account) with a customer that is the individual or is associated with the individual, then it is impractical for such individuals to deal with A1 Rubber on an anonymous basis or under a pseudonym.
Links
14. Our web site may contain links to other web sites and those third party web sites may collect personal information about you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other businesses or the content of web sites that are linked to our web site. A1 Rubber encourages users to be aware when they leave the site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security and storage
15. A1 Rubber places a great importance on the security of all information associated with our customers, clients and contractors. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control.
A1 Rubber takes all reasonable steps to protect individuals’ personal information that is under A1 Rubber’ control from misuse, interference, loss and/or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
All personal information held is kept securely and that held electronically is held on secure servers in controlled facilities.
16. Personal information (including credit information) is de-identified or destroyed securely when no longer required by us.
17. A1 Rubber retains the information individuals provide to us including contact and credit card details to enable us to verify transactions and customer details and to retain adequate records for legal and accounting purposes. This information is held on secure servers in controlled facilities.
18. Information stored within our computer systems can only be accessed by representatives or agents of A1 Rubber entrusted with authority and computer network password sanctions.
19. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect users' personal information, A1 Rubber cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to it or from its online products or services, and users do so at their own risk. Once A1 Rubber receives your transmission, it makes every effort to ensure its security on its systems.
20. Ultimately, individuals are solely responsible for keeping their passwords and/or account information secret. Individuals should be careful and responsible whenever they are online.
Access to and correction of personal information
21. A1 Rubber is committed to and takes all reasonable steps in respect of maintaining accurate, timely, relevant, complete and appropriate information about our customers, clients and web-site users.
22. Individuals are entitled under the Privacy Act to request access to personal information about them held by A1 Rubber.
A request for access to your personal information is to be made to A1 Rubber’s Privacy Officer:
A1 Rubber’s Privacy Officer
PO Box 6278
YATALA
QLD
4207
Telephone: (07) 3807 3666
Email: admin@a1rubber.com
23. Please note A1 Rubber does require that, as part of any request for access to personal information, the individual verify their identity so that A1 Rubber may be satisfied that the request for access is being made by the individual concerned.
24. Please note that A1 Rubber is not required to give an individual access to personal information in circumstances where:
•	giving access would be unlawful; or
•	denying access is required or authorised by or under an Australian law or a court/ tribunal order; or
•	giving access would be likely to prejudice one or more enforcement related activities conducted by, or on behalf of, an enforcement body.
25. Inaccurate information will be corrected upon receiving advice to this effect, usually from the individual. To ensure confidentiality, details of the individual’s personal information will be passed on to the individual only if we are satisfied that the information relates to the individual.
From time to time, and having regard to the purpose of the collection and use of personal and credit information in relation to individuals, we may contact individuals to seek confirmation that the personal information that we hold is accurate, up-to-date and complete.
26. If we refuse to provide an individual with access to their personal or to correct the personal information held by us about them, then we will provide reasons for such refusal.
Such reasons will set out the grounds for refusal, the mechanisms available to complain about the refusal and any other matters that are required by the Privacy Act.
27. A1 Rubber will respond to any requests for access or correction within a reasonable time of receipt of the request, but by no later than 30 days of the request being received.
Complaints
28. If an individual has a complaint that A1 Rubber has not complied with its obligations under the Privacy Act then any such complaint should be directed in the first instance to A1 Rubber’s Privacy Officer at the contact details set out at clause 22 of this policy.
29. Upon receiving a complaint we will, within 7 days, given the complainant written notice acknowledging receipt of the complaint and setting out the process of how we will deal with it. Unless a longer time is agreed by the complainant, we will investigate the complaint and make a decision within 30 days of receipt of the complaint and communicate the decision to the complainant. We aim to resolve all complaints within 30 days of receipt. If we cannot resolve a complaint within 30 days we will notify the complainant of the reasons and specify a date when we expect a decision or resolution will be made and seek the complainant’s agreement to extend the 30 period – if the complainant does not agree then we may not be able to resolve the complaint.
30. It may be necessary (and it may be required by the Privacy Act), in order to deal with a complaint, to consult with a CRB or another credit provider. Further, if, while a complaint remains unresolved, we are disclosing information subject to the complaint to a third party, we may be required to advise the third party about the complaint.
31. If we find a complaint is justified we will resolve it and do what is required to rectify any breach. A1 Rubber is committed to fulfilling its obligations as an APP enity and a credit provider under the Privacy Act.
32. If a complainant is not satisfied with the outcome of A1 Rubber’ internal complaints procedure in respect of A1 Rubber privacy practices then the complainant may refer their complaint to:
•	the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”). The website for the OAIC is: www.oaic.gov.au.
Transfer of information overseas
33. A1 Rubber is unlikely to disclose personal information (including credit information about individuals) to overseas recipients.
Personal information (including any credit information) would only be disclosed by A1 Rubber to overseas recipients in accordance with the requirements of the Privacy Act. Cookies
34. A1 Rubber collects information from the site using "IP files".
35. When you visit the A1 Rubber site to read, browse or download information, our system will record/log your IP address (the address which identifies your computer on the internet and which is automatically recognised by our web server), date and time of your visit to our site, the pages viewed and any information downloaded. This information will only be used for the purpose of site analysis and to help us offer you improved online service. We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of Internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Web Sites. You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Web Sites.
Changes to Privacy Policy
36. If A1 Rubber decides to or is required to change this Credit Reporting Privacy Policy, we will post changes on our Privacy Policy page so that users may be aware of any such changes and how they may affect them. As a result, please remember to refer back to A1 Rubber’ Privacy Policy page regularly to check whether there are any amendments.
Contacting us
37.
If you require further information regarding our privacy policies, please contact us at the following address:
E-mail: admin@a1rubber.com
38. Should you wish to read more information on privacy legislation we recommend that you visit the
web-site of the office of the Australian Information Commissioner at: www.oaic.gov.au.
Acceptance
39. Users accept and acknowledge that their use of this site includes acceptance of A1 Rubber’ privacy policies and the Terms of Use.
Online casino
© Copyright A1Rubber 2016 | Privacy Policies | Disclaimer | How to Order | Terms of Sale | Environment
Web Site Designed by A1RUBBER