https://www.firecomms.com/privacy-policy/
Firecomms Fiber Optic Solutions
Where To Buy
Contact Us
Firecomms Limited
Twitter
Home
Products
RedLink®
OptoLock®
LC Transceivers
Media Converter
Cables & Plugs
Accessories
Evaluation Boards
Technology
Plugged Connectors
Plugless Connectors
Industrial Applications
Consumer Applications
Applications
Home Networks
Robotic & Cobotic Solutions
Industrial Automation
Medical Imaging
Renewable Energy
Smart Grid Automation
Electric & Diesel Trains
Power System Management
Company
About Firecomms
News
Events
Support
Innovation
Support
HomePrivacy Policy
ok
button
Privacy Policy
Firecomms Privacy Policy
Firecomms is committed to being respectful of your privacy and specifically to complying with GDPR, CalOPPA and other regulations about how we deal with personally identifiable information.
What data do we collect and store?
We collect and store business card type information (Name, Role, Organisation, Business Address, Email, Phone Numbers etc.) for contacts in our customer, supplier and business partner companies and other companies with whom we hope to do business in the future.  With this information we may store notes about the product or service you expressed interest in or the request you made to us.
Why? What do we do with the data?
For contacts in companies or individuals with whom we do business, we use this data for normal business correspondence.
For people who have made an enquiry or expressed interest in a product or service, we use this data to respond to their query and to provide any directly relevant follow-up.
For people who have given us permission, for example by ticking a box on a query form on our web site, we will additionally send occasional marketing emails with news about our company, other products or services etc. Every such newsletter will have a link to allow the recipient to unsubscribe from this circulation list.
How long do we keep the data?
We keep this data until requested to delete it, or until we become aware that it is no longer valid (e.g. by receiving a reply from an email system that the email address is no longer valid).
Security
We use industry-standard techniques to protect your data, including SSL to secure your interaction with our web site and encryption of data bases.
Google Analytics and Cookies
We use Google Analytics including Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and other software to understand the types of users who access our web site, how they find it and how they interact with our site. These services make use of cookies and operate even if the web browser is in “Do Not Track” mode, but Google does provide to opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising features through Google’s Ad Settings https://adssettings.google.com. Such Cookies may be used by third parties to display relevant advertising without our involvement. We do not obtain any personally identifiable information from these sources.
If you want to avoid cookies, you can change the settings in your web browser.
Third Parties
We use Granite Digital https://www.granite.ie/ to host our web site, MailChimp www.mailchimp.com/ to distribute emails and Hubspot   https://legal.hubspot.com/dpa in our subscription/contact forms, so they have access to some of our data. Where a distributor is better placed than us to handle a query, we pass the contact details to the distributor. Our distributors are listed on our web site. Some of our distributors are outside the EU. These transfers happen only subject to an agreement that the receiving company will follow our privacy policy and not make any other use of the data.
We will disclose potentially personally-identifying information only in response to a court order or other governmental request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Firecomms, third parties or the public at large.
Links on our Web Site
If you follow a link on our web site to the web site of a third party (such as a distributor), you are no longer dealing directly with Firecomms. You should refer to the Privacy Policy of the third party.
Credit Cards
Occasionally customers provide credit card details to make a payment to us. Once the payment has been completed we delete the credit card details.
Employees and Job Applicants
For people who apply for employment with us or are referred by employment agencies we will store additional information including CV and References.  Such data will be deleted within one year unless the individual becomes an employee during this time or gives permission for further retention.
Requests for Your Information or Other Queries
If you request we will provide you a copy of any information we hold about you and/or delete that information.  If you identify any error in the data we hold we will correct it.  For such requests, or other questions regarding this privacy policy, contact:
Firecomms Ltd.
2200 Airport Business Park, Cork, Ireland
Cork, Cork T12 X36X
Ireland
www.firecomms.com
personal.data@firecomms.com
+353 (21) 454 7100
Our handling of personal data is subject to supervision by the Irish Data Protection Commission https://dataprotection.ie/ and you may contact them directly if you have a complaint about us.
Changes to this policy
This policy is effective from 25 May 2018.  If we revise this policy, the revised version will be posted on our web site.
Navigation
Home
Products
Applications
Company
Contact Us
News
Events
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Distributors
Americas
Europe
China
Asia
Russia
Australia & New Zealand
COPYRIGHT © 2007-2016. Firecomms Ltd.
Tocs
Design by Granite Digital
×
Welcome to Firecomms China in Tongxiang where our ISO qualified world-class high-volume manufacturing facility is based. In this facility, our operations team is responsible for the volume production of high-quality, industrial grade opto-electronic components and modules.
The Tongxiang facility is located in the Zhejiang province and is close to the picturesque canals of Wuzhen city. Customers are always welcome to visit our facility and hopefully enjoy the local attractions and food.
For more information please contact: salescn@firecomms.com