http://www.itapintl.com/privacy
ITAP International, Inc. Privacy Policy
Welcome to the ITAP International website (the "Site"). ITAP International Inc. ("ITAP International",
"we", "us" or "our") is committed to protecting your privacy and providing a secure online environment
to support your learning and development. We provide consulting and blended-learning solutions
containing web-based applications, online assessments and surveys created and hosted by ITAP
International on behalf of our clients.
This Privacy Policy discloses our privacy practices and expresses our commitment to keeping you
informed of the information we collect from you ("Personal Information") and how it is used. This Policy
applies to all Personal Information we collect in connection with our Site and related online
questionnaires.
Information We Collect
ITAP International collects basic contact information, which may include but is not limited to the
following: name, telephone number, and email. ITAP uses this information to contact parties who inquire
about our services via a form or email address on our Site. ITAP does not sell or share your contact
information with third parties. You may opt out of receiving communications from ITAP (see Opting Out
below).
ITAP may also collect demographic information which is anonymized and used only in research as
collective data.
Assessment Tools
ITAP collects information through assessment tools such as the Team Process Questionnaire™ suite. This
information is used to enable program participants to complete online questionnaires and to provide the
questionnaire result pages and is treated as confidential information. ITAP International may use this
information to contact the participant and send notifications or reminders in order to facilitate the
training process, and to produce the results pages.
The information we collect in online surveys is used in aggregate for internal research purposes. In
general, we do not divulge individual responses to surveys except for participant names. Third parties
administer some of our surveys, but they are expected not to reveal, except to the participant providing
the data, any of the individual data they help collect or are provided.
On occasion, we may share question responses with external facilitators who work with us or with third
parties to analyze the data; in these cases, we require the facilitators and third parties to maintain
the same level of confidentiality and security as employed by ITAP International. The third parties, or
external facilitators, are either consultants to ITAP or employees of the client organizations who have
been trained to use this data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In the event of a breach of
information by a third party, ITAP will work with the third party to repair the breach and determine
liability, if any. In the case of proper onward transfers, ITAP accepts liability should any breach of
information result in improper use of information to the extent the breach is a result of ITAP’s
negligence.
All data is provided anonymously, with no participant identified, in the reports provided to
participants and to their employers. The only way to opt out of providing this anonymous information is
to opt out of taking the questionnaire itself.
ITAP International does not use Personal Information for marketing purposes, and we do not disclose
Personal Information to any third parties except as noted above or as required by law.
Viewing and Correcting Personal Information
To correct any inaccuracies in your Personal Information, or if your Personal Information changes,
please email us at privacy@itapintl.com
and we will correct, update or remove your details. You are entitled to see the
information held about you. If you wish to do this, please contact us.
Opting Out
You may opt out from receiving promotional communications from ITAP International by sending an email
to privacy@itapintl.com
. In your request you can also specify whether you wish to be completely removed from our
database, receive communications only via regular mail, telephone, email, or no communications at all.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we
have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
Cookies
Cookies come in two types, persistent and session. Persistent cookies are saved on your hard drive
after the browser is closed, while session cookies are destroyed by closing your browser. Our Site does
not use persistent cookies. Our Site does use session cookies to function as designed; all session
cookies are removed when your browser is closed.
Children's Privacy
Our websites do not publish content or collect data that is directed at children.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of information by ITAP International. We
reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time without prior notice. Any such change, update or
modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this Site. Your continued use of the Site
subsequent to changes to this Policy will mean that you accept the changes.
Privacy Shield Framework
ITAP International, Inc., and its wholly-owned U.S. operating company ITAP Americas, Inc. (ITAP), as
part of its privacy policy, complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.
Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred
from the European Union to the United States. ITAP is also subject to the investigatory and
enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). ITAP has certified to the Department of
Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in
this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To
learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Some types of personal information may be subject to other privacy-related requirements and policies,
which are consistent with the Privacy Shield Framework. For example:
ITAP affiliate sites may have their own privacy policy;
Personal information regarding and/or received from clients is also subject to any specific
agreement with, or notice to, the client, as well as additional applicable laws and professional
standards.
Personal information regarding ITAP personnel is subject to internal human resource policies.
Dispute Resolution
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of Personal Information should be directed to
ITAP International at the address below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and
disputes regarding use or disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the principles contained
in this policy. ITAP International has also agreed to participate in the dispute-resolution procedures
of the European Data Protection Authorities to resolve disputes pursuant to the Privacy Shield
Framework.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, ITAP commits to resolve complaints about our
collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding
our Private Shield policy should first contact ITAP at: privacy@itapintl.com
.
ITAP has further committed to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to
unresolved Privacy Shield complaints. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from
us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact the EU DPAs for more
information or to file a complaint. The services of EU DPAs are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, it may be possible for a complainant to invoke binding arbitration.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose Personal Information when
required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a
current judicial proceeding.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please call us at  +1 215 860
5640.