http://www.dcstrategy.com/privacy-policy
Press enter to begin your search
MenuMenu02822087580282208758Franchise OpportunitiesFranchise OpportunitiesFranchise ProfilesFranchise ProfilesReturn to topAustralasia’s End-to-End Franchise Firm.Learn more about our Consulting, Legal and Recruitment divisions.HomeAbout UsConsultingLegalSales & MarketingFranchising News & BlogsContact
> DC Strategy > Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWe take your privacy very seriously, and are committed to protecting it. We make every effort to maintain the highest standards in dealing with personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1998 (Cth) and the ADMA Code of Practice (“the Law”). This privacy policy outlines DC Strategy’s practices regarding the use and disclosure of information we collect from and about you when you engage with our website, mobile applications and social media sites. We have made every effort to draft this privacy policy in a clear and easy to understand manner. By accessing or using our service, you agree to this privacy policy. Collection and Use of Personal InformationBy visiting www.dcstrategy.com to read, browse or download information, we may request some personal information from time to time. This may include your name, address, phone number, email address and other details. Your personal details are collected to enable us to provide you with relevant services. We may use your personal information to:keep in contactprovide servicesconduct marketing campaignssend out newslettersCookies –We use technologies such as cookies and pixel tags to provide, monitor, analyse, promote and improve our service to you. When you visit our site we record anonymous information about your visit. We log this information to collect and analyse statistics on how our website is used in order to develop better online services for you.This information does not tell us any specific information about you (i.e. your personal details). It may include: your server address, your operating system (eg. Windows, Mac), your top level domain name (.com, .gov, ,au etc.), the date and time of your visit, pages accessed and documents downloaded, previous site visited, type of browser used (eg. Google Chrome, Internet Explorer).You can block cookies on your web browser, but please be aware that some features of our service may not function correctly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. Cookies allow us to see the patterns of how you use our website. Cookies ‘remember’ your browser between page visits and identifies your browser when you return to the site – not you personally.Subscription Services –We collect personal information, such as your name, phone number and email address when you fill out our contact form, make an enquiry on a franchise business from our site, or sign up to our email list. We will only use your email address for the reasons you gave it and unless you ask, won’t add your email address to other mailing lists.If you give us your personal information via submitting a form on our website, we will collect it only by lawful means, use it for a lawful purpose and collect it from you personally with your consent. You can unsubscribe at any time by contacting us via our online form and you can manage your subscription preferences via any email we send you.Sharing and Disclosure of Personal InformationWe may share the information we collect from you with third parties such as trusted service providers and business partners to assist us in delivering our service. For example we may use third parties to help host our service, send out email updates or process payments. These service providers may have access to your information for the limited purpose of providing the service we have contracted with them to provide. They are required to have a privacy policy and security standards in place that are at least as protective of your information as is this privacy policy. We may also disclose your information (including your personally identifiable information) in any circumstance in which we are required to do so by law. We may also disclose your information to our legal counsel, governmental authorities or law enforcement if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to do so in order to comply with a law or regulation; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect DC Strategy’s rights or property.If you fill out an enquiry form for one of our clients’ businesses, we will pass on your details to the respective client for the purpose of allowing them to contact you about franchising. You may contact us to request otherwise at any time.Risks Inherent in Sharing InformationWhile we take reasonable steps to maintain your privacy on our site, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on our site.Your Choices About Your InformationYou may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information, in which case DC Strategy may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may contact us to remove you from any email lists or delete you from our database any time you wish. You can also contact us to access or correct your personal information, or to make a complaint.Links to Other Web SitesWe are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to from within our site, nor the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our privacy policy is no longer in effect and your activities on that third party website are subject to such third party website’s own rules and policies.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIf we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.Contact UsFor questions about these or any of DC Strategy’s terms or policies, please contact us via our form.For more information about privacy issues and legislation in Australia, please visit the Australian Federal Privacy website at: http://www.oaic.gov.au/. More Questions About Our Privacy Policy?Speak to our team.Get In Touch© 2020 DC Strategy. All Rights Reserved | Our Privacy Policy
HomeAbout UsConsultingLegalSales & MarketingFranchising News & BlogsContact