http://www.mccom.com/privacy/
About
Expertise
Work
Clients
Blog
Careers
Contact
MENU
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: April 13, 2020
Mod Op Dallas (“Mod Op”, "company" or "we") respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://www.mccom.com (or this "website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. Please note that this policy only applies to data that we collect when you visit our website. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our website. By accessing or using this website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
1. What data we collect and how we use it
We may collect the following categories of information on our website and use them for the purposes explained below:
Website activity: Data about your browsing activity on our website and data in email, text and other electronic messages between you and our website
Device and browser information: Technical information about the device or browser you use to access our website. For example, your device's IP address and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device's unique identifier. Also, data collected through mobile and desktop applications you download from this website, which may provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this website.
Contact Information: If you choose to provide your name, email address or phone number
Customer Service Information: Information you may provide to us about customer service including survey responses
Other Information: Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our website, subscribing to our services, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our website.
Third-party website activity: Information when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
Third-party information: We may collect additional information about you from third-party sources where we have the rights to do so.
We use this data to:
customize, measure and improve our website and services
deliver targeted marketing to you
contact you by email or phone about your account or our services including to market our services to you
notify you about changes to our website or any products or services we offer or provide though it
This policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Mod Op Dallas or any third party[ (including our affiliates and subsidiaries) or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the website
2. Cookies and related technologies
Our website uses cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels and other tracking or related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served and stored on your device. Our website uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes, including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may be used to track how you use the website to target ads to you on other websites. You may opt out of this use of cookies at the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Alternatively, you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website. Certain features of our website may use local stored objects (or flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
3. Opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon in the corner of the ads we serve.
4. Security
We apply technical, administrative and organizational security measures to protect the data we collect against accidental or unlawful destruction and loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular, where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network and against other unlawful forms of processing.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to our website. Any transmission of information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our website.
5. Contact us about questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, our privacy practices, or with Mod Op Dallas generally, you can contact info@modop.com.