http://www.ruoff.com/privacy-policy
What is your goal?
Pre-Approval
Purchase
Refinance
When are you
looking to buy?
Within 30 days
2-5 months
6 months - 1 year
Unsure
How is your credit score?
Poor (619 or below)
Fair (620 - 679)
Good (680 - 719)
Excellent (720+)
Where are you looking to buy?
City
State
How much are you looking to spend?
$150 - 175k
What is your estimated
down payment?
18 - 21%
Please complete all fields.
Continue
Are you working with a loan officer?
Yes
No
Search Loan Officer
Let's connect!
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone Number
Please complete all fields.
Next
Your next step is to complete a full application.
Continue
No, thanks.
Thank you for
reaching out!
A Loan Officer
will be in contact with you soon.
What are your refinance goals?
Lower Rate
Smaller Payment
Shorter Loan
Unsure
Where are you currently living?
City
State
What is your current balance on your mortgage?
$75 - 100k
What is your estimated home value?
$150 - 175k
Please complete all fields.
Continue
High Contrast:
.
Get Started
Contact Us
Buy a Home
Refinance
Loan Options
Purchase
Refinance
Renovation
New Construction
Resources
Calculators
FAQs
Guides
Blog
Mobile Apps
Worksheets
Glossary
Find a Loan Officer
About Us
Our Process
Our Leadership
Careers
Press Room
Login
My Application
My Portal
My Loan Payment
Buy a Home
Refinance
Loan Options
Purchase
Refinance
Renovation
New Construction
Resources
Calculators
FAQ
Guides
Blog
Mobile Apps
Worksheets
Glossary
Find a Loan Officer
About Us
Our Process
Our Leadership
Careers
Press Room
Login
My Application
My Portal
My Loan Payment
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how Ruoff Mortgage Company, Inc. dba Ruoff Mortgage (“Ruoff”) collects, uses, shares, and protects user information
obtained through the Ruoff.com website. The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Ruoff Mortgage and its
affiliates. When we ask for certain personal information from users it is because we are required by law to collect
this information or it is relevant for specified purposes. Any non-required information you provide to us is done so
voluntarily. You decided whether to provide us with these non-required information; you may not be able to access or
utilize all of our Services if you choose not to. By using the Site, you consent to the data practices described in
this Privacy Policy. We will ask for your consent before using your information for any purpose that is not covered
in this Privacy Policy.
General
We take information security seriously.
We do not sell or rent customer information.
We share customer information with certain employees and with companies providing services on our behalf in order to service your needs.
Our policy is to require all employees and companies providing services on our behalf to keep customer information confidential.
Our privacy policy applies to all site users including potential customers as well as current and former customers.
Safeguarding Personal Information
We have adopted policies and procedures designed to protect your personal information from unauthorized use or disclosure. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We have implemented physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to maintain confidentiality and integrity of the personal information in our possession and to guard against unauthorized access. These include among other things, procedures for controlling access to customer files, building security programs and information technology security measures such as the use of passwords, firewalls, plus virus and use detection software. We continue to assess new technology as it becomes available and to upgrade our physical and electronic security systems as appropriate. Our policy is to permit employees to access your personal information only if they have a business purpose for using such information, such as administering, providing or developing our products or services. Our policy, which governs the conduct of all of our employees, requires all employees to safeguard personal information about the consumers and customers we serve or have served in the past.
Information Collection and Use
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We consider all personal information about you in our possession to be our intellectual property, even if you cease to be a customer. The personal information we collect about you may include among other things:
Identifying information, such as your name, age, address, phone number and social security number.
Employment information
Financial information such as your income, assets and liabilities, as well as information about your savings, investments, insurance and business.
Typically, we collect this information on applications and other forms you complete, through conversations you may have with our loan officers, with our other representatives, and in some cases, over our website. We may also collect information from a wide range of other sources in order to process and/or underwrite your loan. These sources may include among others, employers, attorneys, banks, title insurers, insurance companies and credit reporting agencies.
Why Does Ruoff Collect This Information
To fulfill legal and regulatory requirements.
To provide and improve our services.
We use the information collected to deliver our services and verify user identity.
We use the IP address and unique identifiers stored in your device’s cookies to help us authenticate your identity and to learn and improve the ways in which we provide services to customers.
To measure site performance.
We actively measure and analyze data to understand how our services are used. This review activity is conducted by our operations team to continually improve our platform’s performance and to resolve issues with the user experience.
We continuously monitor our systems’ activity information and communications with users to look for and quickly fix problems.
To communicate with you.
We use personal information collected, like an email address to interact with users directly when providing customer support or to keep you informed on log ins, transactions, and security.
Without processing your personal information for confirming each communication, we will not be able to respond to your submitted requests, questions and inquiries. All direct communications are kept confidential and reviewed internally for accuracy.
Online Tracking
Online tracking is the collection of data about an individual’s Internet activity used to deliver targeted advertisements and for other purposes. When you visit our sites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology.
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your device that allows us to recognize and remember you. It is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive or tablet or mobile device.
We use cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our site, including:
Keeping you signed in
Understanding how you use our site
Showing you information that is relevant to you
Showing you Ruoff products and services that are relevant to you
Working with partners to serve you relevant advertising
Other organizations may collect user information on our sites through cookies, tags and pixels. Tags and pixels, also known as web beacons, are similar to cookies but are collected through embedded images.
Using cookies and other technology allows us to analyze how our site is being used, measure the number of visitors to the site, and display advertising.
Cookies that are used by Ruoff are referred to as “first-party cookies” and those that are used by our partners are “third-party cookies”. Because of how cookies work, our website cannot access third-party cookies; nor can other organizations access the data in the cookies we use on our website.
How do we use cookies for advertising?
As you browse our site, some of the cookies and similar technology we place on your device are for advertising, so we can understand what sorts of pages you read and are interested in. We can then display advertising on your browser based on these interests.
We sometimes use information such as your IP address and browser type and also sometimes share some limited aspects of this with third parties for advertising purposes.
The data that can be obtained from a visit to Ruoff is limited to the URL of the pages that have been visited and, in some cases, the status of any unfinished or completed commercial transactions undertaken with us, together with the limited information a browser might pass on, such as its IP address. We may also share online data collected through cookies and similar technology with our advertising partners.
There are times when we want to reach Ruoff visitors who use social media to market our products and services such as our live events, and career opportunities. We also use cookies to help with this.
How to Manage use of cookies
You can manage the use of cookies, including advertising cookies, and disable the sharing of data with partners for advertising purposes by using the steps set out here. In some cases you can turn off advertising cookies on a cookie-by-cookie basis, and we give the most common examples below.
You can find information about how to opt out of the cookies provided by our key partners here:
It is possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. You can usually find these settings in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. The following links may be helpful, or you can use the “Help” option in your browser.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
How to Manage use of cookies
If you would like to find out more about privacy, cookies and their use on the internet, you may find the following links useful:
Microsoft cookies guide
All About Cookies
Federal Trade Commission
Sharing Information With Companies That Provide Services For Us
We share personal information about you, as required or permitted by law, with third parties. If you become a customer, this may involve such as service providers who assist us in the day to day operations of our company in the administration, processing, servicing and sale of your loan. These third parties include among others, title companies, appraisers, insurance companies, underwriting services, processing services, printing companies, software providers, marketing services and purchasers of loans. Our policy is to require third party service providers to enter into confidentiality agreements with us, prohibiting them from using any personal information they obtain for any other purpose other than those for which they were retained or as required by law. We may also disclose information about you, when necessary or required, in legal and arbitration proceedings and to government agencies.
International Users and Visitors
Ruoff Mortgage websites are hosted in the United States. If you are a user accessing the Services from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Services, which is governed by US law, you are transferring your Personal Information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
Changes and Updates To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update and revise this privacy policy at any time. We occasionally review this Privacy Policy to make sure it complies with applicable laws and conforms to changes in our business. We may need to update this Privacy Policy, and we reserve the right to do so at any time. If we do revise this Privacy Policy, we will update the “Effective Date” at the bottom of this page so that you can tell if it has changed since your last visit. Please review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are aware of its terms. Any use of Ruoff Mortgage websites after an amendment to our Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance to the revised or amended agreement.
Contact Us
We are committed to respecting the freedoms and rights of all our Ruoff users who place their trust in our services.
If you should have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy,
Please send us an email or write us at:
Email: privacy@ruoff.com
Mailing Address:
Ruoff Mortgage
1700 Magnavox Way, Suite 220
Fort Wayne, IN 46804
Download Privacy Policy