http://www.flexibake.com/company/privacy/
Modules
Costing
Nutritional
Labeling
Sales
Enter Production
Schedule Production
Purchasing
Route Management
Accounting
Business Intelligence
Lot Tracking
Online Ordering
Warehouse Management
Storage & Freezer Management
Direct Store Delivery
Route Reconciliation
Pricing
Retail
Make-to-Order
Make-to-Stock
Combined
On-Premise
On-The-Cloud
Services
FAQs
Training Videos
Implementation Plans
On-Site Training Options
60 Day Implementation Guarantee
Software Updates
Support
Support Chat
Company
Our Story/History
Our Team
Testimonials
Privacy
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Us
Request Demo
Login
COMPANY
Our Team
Our Story/History
Testimonials
Privacy
On-The-Cloud
FlexiBake powered by the Internet. Access it anywhere, anytime.
Learn more
Request an online demostration
Request an online demonstration of the FlexiBake-on-the-Cloud.
Learn more
Privacy Policy
Information Collected
We collect information from you when you complete a form on our website. By completing an online form you are willingly providing us with your name and email address. There is no requirement to provide us with your personal information.
Information Use
The information that you provide us with helps us to provide better customer service by responding more effectively to your described needs.
The feedback that you provide to us on our website helps us to improve it and offer you and others a richer web experience.
If you provide us with an email address we may use it to send you information and updates about the services you inquired and other offers including company related news, updates, or similar products and services. You can unsubscribe to our mailing lists at any time by reviewing the instructions at the bottom of each one of our emails.
Information Sharing
Information collected by us is not sold, traded, or transferred to any outside parties with your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or other's rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Cookies
Cookies are all amounts of information that are downloaded to your device when using certain websites. These cookies can keep information that helps various websites recognize your device. Cookies do not identify you or provide access into your computer. Cookies are useful to help store memories such as passwords and preferences so website can keep you logged in and remember your preferences. Through the use of cookies our website collects information automatically that may include usage details, IP addresses, and other information that does not identify you. You can adjust your web browser's settings to prevent it from storing cookies. Visit your web browsers support page for instructions on how to disable cookie storing.
Online Advertising
We use Google Remarketing to advertise to you on other websites. Google's Adwords remarketing system will store a cookie on your computer when you visit our website. After visiting our website, when you visit other websites that are part of Google's advertising network, our ads could appear to you because you have already visited our website previously. This allows us to remind you about our great services and products.
If you wish to not participate in our Google Adwords Remarketing, you are free to opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Website Analytics
We use Google Analytics to help us track user actions on our website. Google Analytics can collect non-personal information such as cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behavior and usage information, feature use metrics and statistics, usage and purchase history, MAC Address, mobile unique device ID, and other similar information. Google Analytics does not collect your personal information.
If you do not wish to be tracked by Google Analytics you may opt out by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Security
We are committed to protecting the information that you provide us. We place any information provided by you in secure physical and digital locations to prevent unauthorized access. We are not responsible for any breach of security that occurs for any third parties that receive information collected by our website.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
In compliance with the requirements of COPPA, we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 should provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the information below.
Contact us
We are committed to keeping your privacy safe. If you have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
FlexiBake
Maple Ridge, BC V2X 7E8
Phone:
604-637-6528
Email:
info@flexibake.com