http://www.moneyworld.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Life Insurance
Get a quote
FAQ’s
Do you need advice?
Level Term Insurance
Decreasing Mortgage Life Insurance
Critical Illness Cover
Trusts
Income Protection
Savings & Investments
Structured Investment Products
Structured Deposit Products
Investment Bonds
Fund Supermarket
Junior ISA
Annuities
Blog
Contact Us|
About Us|
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy of Moneyworld.com
Moneyworld takes the security of your data very seriously. Our Privacy Policy will let you know how we use the information you give us and how your information is kept confidential and secure. This should be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of our website.
It’s important that you have read our Privacy Policy. If you use any of our services, we will assume you have read and accepted this Privacy Policy.
1. Who are we?
Moneyworld is a trading name of Jeff Ludgate Ltd, authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Jeff Ludgate Limited (registered company number 2193788) is the data controller in relation to the processing of the personal information that you provide to us when you use our Services. Our registered address is 1-4 Argyll Street, London, W1F 7LD. If you have any queries relating to our use of your personal information, or any other related data protection questions, please contact us at admin@moneyworld.com or write to us at Moneyworld, 34 High Street, High Wycombe, Bucks, HP11 2AG.
2. What personal information do we collect?
We collect personal information about you if you use any of our services, for example, obtaining a life insurance quote or investing in an ISA. The exact information collected will be dependent on your chosen product, for example we may collect your name, date of birth and e-mail address if you requested a life insurance quote. In providing these services to you, we may also store information about how you use our website, the pages viewed and the website from which you came to visit our website.
If you are providing us with another person’s information you should first ask them to read this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. By giving us information about another person you are confirming that they have given you consent to provide the information to us and that they understand how their details will be used.
3. How do we use your information?
3.1  We will use the information you have provided to:
allow you to access and use our services
to improve aspects of our service
for research, such as analysing customer demographics and market trends
3.2  If you are requesting a quote, we may send you a copy of your quote by e-mail so that you have a record of it and can easily retrieve it in the future.
3.3 If you have provided a contact number when obtaining a life insurance quote and not applied for a policy you will be contacted by Vita to see if they can offer assistance.
3.4  If you apply for a product we will use your information to process your application with your chosen provider.
3.5  We will not use your information to send you marketing e-mails without your consent.
3.6  We will not pass your information to any third parties for marketing purposes.
4. Why do we process your personal information?
We will only collect and use your personal information in accordance with data protection laws. The reasons we process your personal information are as follows:
4.1  to allow you to access and use our services, for example, providing a life insurance quote or investing in an ISA.
4.2  to communicate with you about the services you have requested. We need to keep you informed about your use of our services for example sending you a confirmation e-mail of your quotes. This won’t include marketing e-mails unless you have given us your consent to receive these.
5. Who do we share your personal information with?
When you use any of our services, we may disclose your personal information to the following parties:
our providers including companies whose products or services are included on our website, with a view to them providing you with an online quote or providing you with your chosen product/service. When these companies use your personal information in this way, they will be acting as data controllers of your information and therefore we advise you to read your chosen provider’s Privacy Policy
service providers that we engage to help us provide certain services and/or functionality, such as insurance quotes. These include:
Synaptic Software – A software provider who will process your personal information to help us provide life insurance and income protection quotes.  Your information will not be used for any other purpose.
Nochex – Our provider for secure debit/credit card payments. A UK company that we have worked with for many years. Your information is only used to provide a one-off payment facility.
6. What cookies do we use?
A cookie is a very small text file placed on your computer when you visit our website. Cookies help us to:
understand browsing habits on our website
understand the number of visitors and which pages are utilised
remember you when you return so we can provide you with access to previous quotes
We do not use cookies to target you with any form of advertising. We only use cookies to improve your experience of our website.
You can choose to block or delete cookies through your browser. If you do, this may affect the performance of our website on your system.
7. How secure is our website and what steps do we take to keep your data safe?
Your personal data security is very important to us. Our website uses HTTPS which means all communications between your browser and our website are encrypted.
Information stored on our servers are subject to strong, robust security measures both electronic and physical. Our security measures are tested and reviewed regularly.
8. Your personal data rights
As from May 2018 you have the following rights in connection with your personal data:
Right to be informed: we will tell you when we are collecting your personal information, why we are processing your data, how long we will keep your information for and who it will be shared with;
Right to access: the right to request copies of your personal information from us. We will deal with any requests within one month and we will not charge a fee;
Right to correct: the right to have your personal information rectified if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to be forgotten: the right to request that we delete or remove your personal information from our systems;
Right to restrict our use of your information:  the right to ‘block’ us from using your personal information or limit the way in which we can use it;
Right to data portability: the right to request that we move, copy or transfer your personal information;
Right to object: the right to object to the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances.
To make enquiries or exercise any of your rights as set out in our Privacy Policy please contact us at admin@moneyworld.com.
9. How long do we keep your personal information?
If you purchase a product through us we will keep your personal data for the duration of the products life unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
If you request quotes or information from us but do not use any of our services we will delete your personal information after six months.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will appear on this page. The month of the most recent revision will appear at the bottom of this page.
Our website
This website is the property of Jeff Ludgate Ltd T/A Moneyworld. None of the data or content found within the site may be reproduced, republished, distributed, posted, sold, transferred, or modified without express permission of Jeff Ludgate Ltd T/A Moneyworld.
Updated May 2018