http://www.baystone.net/policies/
Policies | Baystone Government Finance
Skip to main content
Together, we keep communities running.
800-752-3562
About Us
Meet Our Team
Baystone Blog
In the News
Announcements
What We Do
Benefits of Financing
Programs
The Process
Contact Us
Employee Directory
Quote Request
Open Search
Close Search
Policies
Baystone Government Finance
> Policies
Any information shared with Baystone Government Finance or KS StateBank is under certain privacy provisions. Information shared with Baystone Government Finance or KS StateBank will be handled by our organization and not shared, sold, or reproduced. Baystone Government Finance or KS StateBank will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Baystone Government Finance or KS StateBank to provide a product or service to you (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.);
To fulfill your requests for certain products and services;
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process.
Copyright Information
All media (downloaded or samples), software, text, images, graphics, user interfaces, music, videos, photographs, trademarks, logos, artwork and other content on this website (collectively known as "Content"), including but not limited to the design, selection, arrangement, and coordination of such Content on this site, are owned or licensed by or to KS StateBank and is protected by copyright, trade dress, and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights laws.
Copyright is the intangible property right granted by Federal statute for an original work fixed in a tangible form of expression. Copyright provides KS StateBank with the following exclusive rights in a work: to reproduce, to prepare derivative works, to distribute by sale or otherwise, to perform publicly, and to display publicly. Federal Law prohibits any unauthorized use of KS StateBank copyrights without the prior written consent of KS StateBank.
COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act)
This site is not directed to individuals under the age of 13, and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through this site. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the Federal Trade Commission website.
Notice
As a standard practice, KS StateBank will not request that you send confidential information through email. Should you encounter a request to do this, please report the incident to us immediately.
KS StateBank
Policies
Sitemap
USA Patriot Act
Resources
MEMBER FDIC | EQUAL HOUSING LENDER
© 2020
KS StateBank | Created by ProfitStars® Link to ProfitStars website
Documents in Portable Document Format (.PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view. Download it now.
External Link Disclaimer
You are now leaving the Baystone Government Finance website. Baystone Government Finance (including its directors, shareholders, employees, and affiliates) is not liable or responsible for the content, information, security, or failure of any products or services promoted or advertised on this third party site.
Email Disclaimer
Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, Baystone Government Finance suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact us directly at your nearest bank branch.
Continue
×