http://www.lowinglight.com/pages/view/privacy
Home
Rental Catalog
Stages & Studio Rooms
Sets & Set Decoration
Studio G&E Packages
Vehicles & Truck Packages
Lighting
Power & Electrics
Stands
Grip Hardware
Rigging & Truss
Flags, Scrims, and Diffusion
Reflectors & Boards
Overheads & Frames
Carts
Camera Support
Audio Visual
Effects / FX
Tools & Equipment
Production Supply
KINO FLO
LITEGEAR
Lowing Products
Production Guard
Lowing Products
Shotbags
Custom Carts
Apple Boxes
French Flags
Online Store
Shop Now!
Production Guard
Lowing Products
Shotbags
Apple Boxes
Equipment
Lighting
Grip
Power & Distribution
Soft Goods
Camera Support
Dolly & Track
Effects
Sound & Communications
Carts & Carriers
Craft, Location, & Production
Strobe
Everything!
Expendables
Luminaries
Tapes & Adhesives
Sprays & Liquids
Ropes & Ties
Fabrics
Special Effects
COVID-19
About Us
About
Contact
Map To Us
Newsletter
Rental Terms
Insurance
New Customers
Links
Photo Gallery
Lowing Light & Grip...
You can call us 24/7: 888-530-7440.
Dave (Owner, Gaffer),
Matthew (Owner, Gaffer),
Adam (Rentals, Shotbags),
Nicolaus (Warehouse),
Chandler (Studio Operations),
Steve (Office Manager)
Cynthia (AP/AR, Customer Service) will be happy to serve you.
Check out Lowing Light & Grip on Yelp
We collect information about our visitor's domain, and email address when available.
For visitors on our website we collect the email address and personal information from the visitors who communicate with us via email, aggregate (general traffic tracking) information about pages that users visit on our site and any information given to us by users that contact us via inquiry form, survey, etc.
The information that we collect is used for improving the quality of our website content and user friendliness for a better user experience. It is not shared with any outside organization for any purpose.
We may use a standard technology called a cookie for recording session information for the shopping cart.
If you are currently receiving a newsletter or emails from us and would like to stop receiving them, please notify us by contacting us by email, phone, mail, at the above address. We do not partner or use any 3rd party ad services or content delivering services.
With respect to sensitive information, we will redirect the user to a secure page either on our site, or to a trusted 3rd party site before transferring or receiving sensitive data. This information may include credit card or banking information, medical information, or other sensitive information.
For questions regarding our privacy policy or website in general, please contact us by phone, mail, or email.
You can shop at our store online with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
* 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
* Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
* Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
Our store is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Member of, or listed with:
IATSE Local 26
Michigan Production Alliance
ProductionHUB.com
Entertainment Services and Technology Association
Shotbags and Lowing Products
Lowing Studios
CONTACT INFORMATION
Lowing Light & Grip, Inc.
1500 Whiting St. SW
Wyoming,
Michigan
49509
(Grand Rapids)
Phone 888-530-7440
Fax 616-249-8947
E-Mail
info@lowinglight.com
All Prices, Products, Descriptions, and Reality Subject To Change Without Notice.
Privacy and Security Policy
Comments? Concerns? Questions about the web site? Tell me: webmaster@lowinglight.com.
Slider courtesy Menucool.
Special Thanks to AJ at N33 for the mobile template and coding assistance.
© Lowing Light & Grip, LLC. All rights reserved.
Design: HTML5 UP