http://www.amrop.com/terms
Skip to main content
Find an Office
Find a Consultant
Terms
For further information, please contact:
Amrop Partnership SCRLAvenue Lambeau 401200 Brussels, Belgium
contact@amrop.com
TRADEMARKS
The designs, logos and trademarks displayed on this site are owned by the Amrop Partnership SCRL. The use or misuse of these designs, logos and trademarks without our written agreement is strictly prohibited.
The contents of this website are the exclusive property of the Amrop Partnership SCRL. They are provided to you without any warranties or representations about accuracy or completeness. You are granted access to this site as well as the right to download, display and print its contents, provided you do not modify, reproduce and distribute them without our agreement.
COOKIE POLICY
This Cookie Policy is provided by The Amrop Partnership SCRL (“The Amrop Partnership SCRL”, “we” or “us”), and is addressed to all users of the websites listed below in this Policy (“you”).
This Policy applies to the following websites that are operated or controlled by The Amrop Partnership SCRL: www.amrop.com
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that may be stored on your computer or other device when you visit a website. They are generally used to make websites work, to keep track of your movements within the website, to remember your login details, and so on.
There are different types of cookies, and they can be distinguished on the basis of their origin, function and lifespan. Important characteristics of cookies include the following:
First party cookies are cookies that are stored by the website you are visiting, while third party cookies are stored by a website other than the one you are visiting. Please note that we do not control the collection or further use of data by third parties.
Necessary cookies are necessary to allow the technical operation of a website (e.g. they enable you to move around on a website and to use its features).
Performance cookies collect data on the performance of a website such as the number of visitors, the time spent on the website and error messages.
Functionality cookies increase the usability of a website by remembering specific user data (e.g. browser language, region, type of device, and so on).
Targeting/advertising cookies enable a website to send you personalized advertising.
Session cookies are temporary cookies that are erased once you close your browser while persistent or permanent cookies stay on your device until you manually delete them or until your browser deletes them based on the duration period specified in the persistent cookie file.
More information on all aspects of cookies can be found on www.allaboutcookies.org. Please note that The Amrop Partnership SCRL has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third-party website.
What types of cookies do we use?
An overview of the cookies used on this website is set out in the following table:
Name     First Party or Third Party            Duration           Purpose                                   Types of data collected
_ga         Third party (Google Analytics)        3 years             Functionality (site analytics)      User ID data used to distinguish users.
_gid        Third party (Google Analytics)        24 hours           Functionality (site analytics)      User ID data used to distinguish users.
has_js     Third party (Google Analytics)        Session            Functionality (site analytics)      User ID data used to distinguish users.
We do not use the collected information to create user profiles.
Please note that the processing of your personal data in connection with cookies, and for other purposes, is governed by our Privacy Policy.
How can you manage cookies?
The standard settings of most internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can change the settings of your browser to receive a warning prior to accepting cookies or to have a standard setting rejecting cookies. Please open your browser and click on “help” (or a similar button) for more information.
If you use multiple devices in order to visit our website, ensure that your preferred cookie settings are stored on each device.
More information on how to manage cookies is available from: www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies. Please note that The Amrop Partnership SCRL has no affiliation with, and is not responsible for, this third-party website.
Last updated: May 24, 2018
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of www.amrop.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal data collected: Cookie and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA. Find Google's privacy policy here: www.google.com/policies/privacy
×