http://www.rgare.com/legal-notice-and-terms-of-use
RGA Home
/
Legal Notice and Terms of Use
Legal Notice
Please read these terms carefully. If you do not agree with any of these terms or conditions, do not access or otherwise use this website or any information contained on this website.
IMPORTANT! These terms of use govern your use of this site. By accessing this site, you are indicating your acknowledgement and acceptance of these terms of use. These terms of use are subject to change, update and/or revision (collectively "change") by RGA at any time, without notice, in its sole direction. Your use of this site after any such change is implemented constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of such change. Please consult these terms of use regularly.
www.RGARE.com (the “Site”) is subject to these Terms of Use. For purposes of these Terms of Use, the term “RGA” refers to the Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated and all of its affiliated and subsidiary companies without limitation. RGA may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating the Site. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the most current Terms of Use. These Terms of Use have been updated as of the date noted at the end of the terms.
The headings used in these Terms of Use are for navigation purposes and do not affect the interpretation of the Terms of Use. Reference to “you” or “your” means a user of the www.RGARE.com Website. Reference to “we” means Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated.
Restrictions on Use
You may use this Site for purposes expressly permitted by this Site. You may not use this Site for any other purpose, including any commercial purpose, without RGA's prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in its sole discretion. For example, you may not (and may not authorize any other party to) (i) co-brand this Site, (ii) frame this Site, or (iii) hyperlink to this Site without the express prior written consent of an authorized representative of RGA. For purposes of these Terms of Use, "co-branding" means to display a name, logo, trademark, or other means of attribution or identification of any party, in a manner that is reasonably likely to give a user the impression that such other party has the right to display, publish, or distribute this Site or content accessible within this Site. You agree to cooperate with RGA in causing any unauthorized co-branding, framing, or hyper-linking immediately to cease.
Proprietary Information
The material and content accessible on this Site, and any other site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by RGA (the "Content") is proprietary information of RGA and its subsidiaries or the party that provided the Content to RGA, and it or the party that provided the Content to RGA retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Content. Content may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, uploaded, posted, or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of RGA, which may be withheld in its sole discretion, except that you may print out a copy of the Content solely for your personal use. In doing so, you may not remove or alter, or cause to be removed or altered, any copyright, trademark, trade name, service mark, or any other proprietary notice or legend appearing on any of the Content. Modification or use of the Content except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use violates RGA’s intellectual property rights.
You must not modify, copy, transmit, distribute, display, reproduce, publish, perform, license, frame, create derivative works from, transfer or use in any other way for commercial or public purposes in whole or in part any Content obtained from the Site without the prior written permission of the owner of the relevant Intellectual Property Rights (whether that be RGA or another third party). It is prohibited to systematically retrieve content from the Site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory (whether through robots, spiders, automatic devices or manual processes) without written permission from RGA.
Intellectual Property Rights
Intellectual Property Rights in the pages of the Site and the Content available through them belong to RGA or other third parties. You do not acquire, by virtue of your use of a RGA Site, any rights, title or interest in any of the Intellectual Property Rights in the Content or the Site. For the purpose of these Terms of Use, “Intellectual Property Rights” means (i) copyright, patents, database rights and rights in trademarks, designs, know-how and registered or non-registered confidential information; (ii) applications for registration and the right to apply for registration for any of these rights; and (iii) all other intellectual property rights and equivalent or similar forms of protection existing anywhere in the world.
Hyperlinks
This Site may be hyperlinked to other sites which are not maintained by or related to RGA. Hyperlinks to such sites are provided as a service to users and are not sponsored by or affiliated with this Site or RGA. RGA has not reviewed such sites and is not responsible for their content. Hyperlinks are to be accessed at the user's own risk, and RGA makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness, or accuracy of such hyperlinks or the sites hyperlinked to this Site. RGA is not responsible for any hyperlinked site's privacy policies or terms of use and RGA takes no responsibility for such sites. A hyperlink to a service or site is not an endorsement of the service of the site, its content, or its sponsoring organization. Furthermore, RGA shall not be liable for any direct or indirect system damage or other problems you may incur as a result of linking to a Website, including consequences arising from your accessing third-party technologies, sites information and/or programs.
Submissions
You hereby grant to RGA the royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, nonexclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, and display all content, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, or other information communicated to RGA through this Site (together, the "Submission"), and to incorporate any Submission in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. RGA will not be required to treat any Submission as confidential, and may use any Submission in their businesses (including without limitation, for products or advertising) without incurring any liability for royalties or any other consideration of any kind, and will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities that may appear in future operations. RGA will treat any Personal Information that you submit through this Site in accordance with the RGA Privacy Policy.
By communicating a Submission, you guarantee, represent and warrant that the Submission complies with applicable laws, rules and regulations and in particular:
Is legal, decent and truthful and not defamatory, unreliable, misleading or otherwise objectionable;
That you own or have the necessary rights, licenses, consents and permissions, without the need for any permission from or payment to any other person or entity, to exploit, and to authorize RGA to exploit, such Submission in all manners contemplated by these Terms of Use;
Does not harm others, in particular minors, or infringe their personal rights.
Disclaimer
You understand that RGA cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files available for downloading from the Internet will be free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other code that may manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to this Site for the reconstruction of any lost data. RGA does not assume any responsibility or risk for your use of the Internet, nor does RGA assume any responsibility for any products or services or hypertext links to third parties or for any breach of security associated with your use of this Site or your transmission of sensitive information through the Site or any hyperlinked sites. The Content is not necessarily complete and up-to-date and should not be used to replace any written reports, statements, or notices provided by RGA. Investors, borrowers, and other persons should use the Content in the same manner as any other informational medium and should not rely on the Content to the exclusion of their own professional judgment. Information obtained by using this Site is not exhaustive and does not cover all issues, topics, or facts that may be relevant to your goals. Nothing on this Site should be construed as rendering tax, legal, investment, or accounting advice.
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE CONTENT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. RGA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. RGA DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS OR CONTENT CONTAINED IN THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS, IF ANY, WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES, DISABLING DEVICES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. RGA DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION REGARDING USE, OR THE RESULT OF USE, OF THE CONTENT IN TERMS OF CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE CONTENT MAY INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS, AND RGA MAY MAKE CHANGES OR IMPROVEMENTS AT ANY TIME. YOU, AND NOT RGA, ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION IN THE EVENT OF ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENT. RGA ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH CONTENT.
All of the information on this Site, whether historical in nature or forward-looking, speaks only as of the date the information is posted on this Site, and RGA does not undertake any obligation to update such information after it is posted or to remove such information from this Site if it is not, or is no longer, accurate or complete. All Content, together with information filed and furnished with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any oral information provided by RGA executives that relates to RGA’s future performance or financial results, are considered forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to materially differ, and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. All forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the additional information about risks and uncertainties set forth in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports, including any RGA annual report.
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause RGA’s actual results of operations, financial condition, solvency ratios, capital or liquidity positions or prospects to be materially different from any future results of operations, financial condition, solvency ratios, capital or liquidity positions or prospects expressed or implied by such statements or cause RGA to not achieve its published targets. Such factors include, among others:
the frequency, severity and development of insured claim events, particularly natural catastrophes, man-made disasters, pandemics, acts of terrorism and acts of war;
mortality, morbidity and longevity experience;
the cyclicality of the insurance and reinsurance sectors;
instability affecting the global financial system;
deterioration in global economic conditions;
the effect of market conditions, including the global equity and credit markets, and the level and volatility of equity prices, interest rates, credit spreads, currency values and other market indices, on RGA’s investment assets;
changes in RGA’s investment result as a result of changes in RGA’s investment policy or the changed composition of RGA’s investment assets, and the impact of the timing of any such changes relative to changes in market conditions;
RGA’s ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and access to capital markets, including sufficient liquidity to cover potential recapture of reinsurance agreements, early calls of debt or debt-like arrangements and collateral calls due to actual or perceived deterioration of RGA’s financial strength or otherwise;
any inability to realize amounts on sales of securities on RGA’s balance sheet equivalent to their values recorded for accounting purposes;
changes in legislation and regulation, and the interpretations thereof by regulators and courts, affecting us or RGA’s ceding companies;
the outcome of tax audits, the ability to realize tax loss carryforwards, the ability to realize deferred tax assets (including by reason of the mix of earnings in a jurisdiction or deemed change of control), which could negatively impact future earnings, and the overall impact of changes in tax regimes on business models;
failure of RGA’s hedging arrangements to be effective;
the lowering or loss of one of the financial strength or other ratings of one or more RGA companies, and developments adversely affecting RGA’s ability to achieve improved ratings;
uncertainties in estimating reserves;
policy renewal and lapse rates;
uncertainties in estimating future claims for purposes of financial reporting, particularly with respect to large natural catastrophes and certain large man-made losses, as significant uncertainties may be involved in estimating losses from such events and preliminary estimates may be subject to change as new information becomes available;
extraordinary events affecting RGA’s clients and other counterparties, such as bankruptcies, liquidations and other credit-related events;
legal actions or regulatory investigations or actions, including those in respect of industry requirements or business conduct rules of general applicability;
changes in accounting standards;
significant investments, acquisitions or dispositions, and any delays, unexpected costs, lower-than expected benefits, or other issues experienced in connection with any such transactions;
changing levels of competition, including from new entrants into the market; and
·operational factors, including the efficacy of risk management and other internal procedures in managing the foregoing risks and the ability to manage cybersecurity risks.
Limitation of Liability
RGA, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS (“RGA PARTIES”) WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOSS OF REVENUE OR INCOME, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE CONTENT ON THE SITE, EVEN IF RGA OR A REPRESENTATIVE AUTHORIZED BY RGA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF RGA AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTENT PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS TO ANY PARTY (REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID FOR THE APPLICABLE CONTENT OR SERVICE OUT OF WHICH LIABILITY AROSE.
RGA PARTIES WILL BE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OR LOSS (ESPECIALLY LOSS OF DATA, ALTERATION OF DATA, OR DOWNTIME) THAT MAY BE CAUSED TO ANY EQUIPMENT OR SOFTWARE DUE TO ANY VIRUSES, DEFECTS, OR MALFUNCTIONS IN CONNECTION WITH THE ACCESS OR USE OF THE SITE OR DOWNLOADS FROM THE SITE (WHETHER BASED ON MANUAL ACCESS, SUBSCRIPTIONS, RSS-FEEDS OR OTHERWISE). .
Indemnity
You will indemnify and hold RGA, its subsidiaries, licensors, content providers, service providers, employees, agents, officers, directors, and contractors (the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from any breach of these Terms of Use by you, including any use of Content other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use. You agree that the Indemnified Parties will have no liability in connection with any such breach or unauthorized use, and you agree to indemnify the Indemnified Parties against any and all resulting loss, damages, judgments, awards, costs, expenses, and attorneys' fees in connection therewith. You will also indemnify and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any claims brought by third parties arising out of your use of the information accessed from this Site.
Information You Provide
You may not post, send, submit, publish, or transmit in connection with this Site any material that:
you do not have the right to post, including proprietary material of any third party;
advocates illegal activity or discusses an intent to commit an illegal act;
is vulgar, obscene, pornographic, or indecent;
does not pertain directly to this Site;
threatens or abuses others, libels, defames, invades privacy, stalks, is obscene, pornographic, racist, abusive, harassing, threatening or offensive;
infringes any intellectual property or other right of any entity or person, including violating anyone's copyrights or trademarks or their rights of publicity;
violates any law or may be considered to violate any law;
impersonates or misrepresents your connection to any other entity or person or otherwise manipulates headers or identifiers to disguise the origin of the content;
advertises any commercial endeavor (e.g. offering for sale products or services) or otherwise engages in any commercial activity (e.g. conducting raffles or contests, displaying sponsorship banners, and/or soliciting goods or services) except as may be specifically authorized on this Site;
solicits funds, advertisers, or sponsors;
includes programs which contain viruses, worms, and/or Trojan horses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications;
disrupts the normal flow of dialogue, causes a screen to scroll faster than other users are able to type, or otherwise acts in a way which affects the ability of other people to engage in real time activities via this Site;
includes MP3 format files;
disobeys any policy or regulations established from time to time regarding use of this Site or any networks connected to this Site; or
contains hyperlinks to other sites that contain content that falls within the descriptions set forth above.
RGA and its subsidiaries reserve the right to monitor use of this Site to determine compliance with these Terms of Use, as well the right to remove or refuse any information for any reason. Notwithstanding these rights, you remain solely responsible for the content of your submissions. You acknowledge and agree that neither RGA nor any third party that provides Content to RGA shall not assume or have any liability for any action or inaction by RGA or such third party with respect to any submission.
Access to the Site
This Site is controlled by us from our offices within the United States. Except as specifically stated, we make no representation that Content in this Site is appropriate or available for use in other jurisdictions. Access to this Site's Content from jurisdictions where such access is illegal is prohibited. If you choose to access this Site from other jurisdictions, you do so at your own risk. You are always responsible for your compliance with applicable laws. You may not use or export the materials in this Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. RGA and its subsidiaries are not authorized to do business in every jurisdiction. By downloading any Content, you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not a person or entity to which such export is prohibited. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of any Content. Information published on this Site may contain references or cross-references to products, programs or services that are not available in your state or country.
Services, Programs and Products Offered
RGA makes no representations regarding the availability of all the services, programs and products described on the Site as appropriate or available for use in your country. Some services, programs or products may not be available in all countries where RGA is authorized to do business. The materials and product descriptions available on the Site have no regard to the specific objectives, financial status or unique needs of any specific recipient or user of the Site. RGA does not represent that the services, programs or products presented on the Site are suitable for any individual or corporate entity. No representation or warranties, either express or implied, are made with regard to the accuracy, completeness or reliability of the services, programs and products described on the Site, nor should they be considered a complete statement regarding the services, programs or products referred to therein. The description of the services, programs and products on the Site should not be considered by the user as a substitute for the exercise of judgment. Any opinions expressed, or other statements, are subject to change without notice and may differ or be contrary to opinions expressed or statements made by other business areas within RGA as a result of different assumptions and criteria. RGA is under no obligation to keep the Site current with regard to the services, programs or products it offers.
The information contained on the Site is for informational purposes only. Consult your local RGA representative for information regarding the products, programs and services which may be available to you.
No Solicitation of Offers, Selling or Provision of Investment Advice
The information contained on the Site does not constitute investment advice, and is not an offer to sell, a solicitation or a recommendation to buy any service, program or any insurance product. All transactions require signed agreements between an RGA company and its clients, and the terms of those agreements are binding on the parties. No other representation, whether made in person, online, electronically, in written, graphical, or verbal communication, may alter the terms of those agreements except that your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to the additional Terms of Use applicable to such use. By using the Site, you accept at your own risk that the Internet and online communications medium may not perform as intended.
You Should Not Rely on the Stock Price Information on This Website
RGA does not generate the information regarding stock prices for this Site. We believe that the information on the Site is accurate, but we cannot guarantee or warrant the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the information. You should not rely on the stock price information for investment purposes. We are not liable for any loss or damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary, that may arise from reliance on the stock price information on this Site.
Market Data and Analysts’ Views and Opinions
RGA uses the Site to provide investors with data relating to RGA’s listed shares and other RGA financial instruments listed on the New York Stock Exchange as well as a link to competitors’ shares (“Market Data”). The Site may include analysts’ views relating to RGA’s financial performance and the performance of the listed shares on the investor relations page. Analysts’ views that are made accessible on the Site are not necessarily shared nor endorsed by RGA and RGA does not confirm the content of analysts’ views by placing them on the Site. RGA does not undertake to and is under no obligation to verify the content of the analysts’ views posted on the Site; they are available for informational purposes only. The liability of RGA, if any, for the accuracy or completeness of those analysts’ views made accessible on the site shall be excluded to the extent permitted by applicable law.
Violations of Rules and Regulations
RGA reserves the right to seek any remedy available at law or in equity for any violation of these Terms of Use, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address to this Site.
Security
Passwords used to access any features for this Site (if any) are for individual use only. You will be responsible for the security of your password. RGA will be entitled to monitor your password and, at their discretion, require you to change it. If you use a password that RGA considers insecure, RGA will be entitled to require the password to be changed and/or terminate your account.
You are prohibited from using any services or facilities provided in connection with this Site to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g., password guessing programs, cracking tools or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of system security, RGA reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other sites in order to assist them in resolving security incidents. RGA reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these Terms of Use.
You agree that RGA shall not be responsible for damages or losses resulting from any breach of security caused by your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your password. If you permit access to your password by third parties, then you agree to defend, indemnify and hold RGA harmless against any liability, losses, damages, or costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising out of, or resulting from, such access and related use of this Site. RGA reserves the right to block access to this Site for any reason. You also agree to immediately notify RGA if you:
become aware of any loss or theft of your password, or
become aware of any unauthorized use of your password.
Finally you acknowledge and agree that you will not: (i) collect or store data about other users of this Site, or (ii) upload, e-mail, or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs that might interrupt, limit, or interfere with the functionality of any computer software, hardware, database or file, or communications equipment that is owned, leased, or used by RGA.
For your protection, RGA may require the use of encryption technologies for certain types of communications conducted through this Site. This Site has adopted industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While we provide those technologies and use other reasonable precautions to protect confidential information and provide suitable security, we do not guarantee or warrant that information transmitted through the Internet is secure, or that such transmissions will be free from delay, interruption, interception, or error. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to ensure the safety of the information transmitted. There is always the possibility of unknowingly acquiring computer viruses on the Internet and thus we want to warn you about infections or viral contamination on your system. It is your responsibility to scan any and all downloaded materials received from the Internet. RGA is not responsible or liable for any damage caused by viruses or related hazards, whether or not that virus or hazard resulted from a visit to this Site. You, and not RGA, assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction related to computer viruses.
RGA reserves the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities, regulatory authorities, or court order requesting or directing them to disclose the identity of anyone posting any e-mail messages or publishing or otherwise making available any materials that are believed to violate these Terms of Use.
BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS RGA AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY RGA DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND/OR FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER RGA OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.
E-Mail
Certain portions of this Site may offer you the ability to e-mail a message to RGA. E-mail functionality, if any, is provided to you to facilitate communications between you and RGA. RGA shall have no liability for any loss or damage that arises from unaccepted e-mail requests, orders, or instructions. Moreover, RGA shall have no liability for any loss or damage that result from interception and/or unauthorized use by third parties of any information you send by e-mail. For information regarding RGA’s use of your e-mail address, please review the RGA Privacy Policy.
Recruitment
The Site permits users to submit online applications for open positions posted by RGA. If you apply for a position with RGA advertised in the Careers section of the Site, your resume and other personal information and documents you provide to RGA in support of your application will be used solely by RGA in considering you for the position applied for and for further recruitment purposes. Refer to the RGA Privacy Policy regarding information submitted.
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)
RGA is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and is committed to protecting its employees and qualified applicants against discrimination on the basis of age, color, creed, disability, marital status, familial status, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, citizenship, race, religion, veteran status, socio-economic background, gender, sexual orientation, genetic information, gender identity or expression, and/or any other basis protected under federal, state, and local laws. We celebrate different perspectives and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Our policy is to seek out and employ qualified people at all Company locations, to provide all employees equal opportunity based on merit, and to administer these and all employment-related activities in a non-discriminatory manner.
The Company’s equal employment commitment applies to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, but not limited to, advertising, recruitment, hiring, placement, compensation, benefits, training, professional development, promotion, working conditions, transfer or termination. Furthermore, RGA does not discriminate against qualified disabled persons or disabled veterans because of physical and mental disabilities.
RGA complies with all federal, state, and local laws and strives to promote a positive workplace free from unlawful discrimination and harassment, where our employees can thrive. RGA investigates complaints thoroughly and promptly. Retaliation is prohibited against any employee who files a complaint of discrimination, participates in a covered proceeding or otherwise opposes discrimination under applicable laws.
Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Missouri, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. You specifically consent to personal jurisdiction in Missouri in connection with any dispute between you and RGA arising out of these Terms of Use or pertaining to this Site. The parties to these Terms of Use each agree that the exclusive venue for any dispute between the parties arising out of these Terms of Use or pertaining to the subject matter of these Terms of Use will be in the state or federal courts in St. Louis County, Missouri. If any part of these Terms of Use is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement among the parties relating to this subject matter. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any additional terms and conditions on this Site will govern the items to which they pertain. RGA may revise these Terms of Use at any time by updating this posting. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between RGA and you with respect to your use of this Site. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your use of this Site must commence within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Last updated: October 2020