https://www.jonesnaturalchews.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.www.jonesnaturalchews.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
4. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
* See what data we have about you, if any.
* Change/correct any data we have about you.
* Have us delete any data we have about you.
* Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
This website does not collect any sensitive information. However, if in the future we find it necessary to add this type of functionality, wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information will be encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You will be able to verify this by looking for a green lock icon at the top of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we will use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (815)316-6635.
Primary SidebarFetch
Search this website
In The News
Jones Naturals Leverages New Personnel to Focus on Efficiencies and Growth
Top Factors for Retailers When Selecting Treats and Chews
Jones Natural Chews Introduces Single-Ingredient Dog Treats
Jones Natural Chews Adds New Meat Products, Peanut Butter Stuffed Bone to Extensive Lineup of 100% USA-Made Dog Treats and Chews
The Do’s and Don’ts of Feeding “Human Food” to Dogs
Jones Naturals Increases Manufacturing Capacity Due to Record-Breaking Demand for Its Premium Dog Treats and Chews
Footer
HOME
STORE LOCATOR
ABOUT US
watch our video
jones family history
about rocky
quality & safety
mission statement
the jones difference
community partners
NEWS
BLOG
CONTACT
PRODUCTS
proteins
stuffed products
small dogs
medium dogs
large dogs
value/multi packs
browse catalog
RESOURCES
FAQs
ingredient definitions
helpful feeding tips