https://www.t-telectric.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
In accordance with the European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the amended Data Protection and Freedoms Act, TT Electric undertakes to protect the personal data collected and processed relating to its users.
The “personal data” means any information concerning the user as a natural person that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect as part of your browsing on our website and that makes it possible to identify you directly or indirectly.
This information notice is intended to provide information on the personal data processed by TT Electric on how they are used and on the rights of individuals including personal data are collected.
The company can be reached to answer any question concerning the protection of personal data by post or e-mail:
TT Electric 22 rue du 8 mai 1945 F-95340 Persan or Contact
This information notice shall be kept up to date with each adoption of new practices or policies on the protection of personal data.
What personal data is collected by TT Electric?
When we are contacted on our website, by mail, email, or telephone, we collect the following personal data relating to persons interested in our services:
1. Their identity and contact information,
2. Information for appropriate support.
3. We also collect the contact details of the professional environment (your employees, etc.) if applicable.
Why are these personal data processed?
We process users’ personal data for the following reasons:
What legal bases allow the company to process this personal data?
We process this personal data on the basis of:
Our legitimate interest in offering the most suitable offer to users,
Execution of the contract signed between our institution and each of our users
And, where applicable, the prior consent of individuals to send commercial offers electronically.
What legal bases allow the company to process this personal data?
We process this personal data on the basis of:
Our legitimate interest in offering the most suitable offer to users,
Execution of the contract signed between our institution and each of our users
And, where applicable, the prior consent of individuals to send commercial offers electronically.
With whom are these personal data shared?
Internal use:
We restrict access to personal data to certain staff members.
We raise awareness and train our staff on data protection issues and commit to taking appropriate disciplinary action in the event of non-compliance with internal data protection procedures.
Sub-Contractors:
We host personal data at data hosts that comply with the legislation in force and also share this data with subcontractors acting on our behalf.
However, if subcontractors have access to personal data, they shall comply with the legislation in force on the protection of personal data and this information notice.
Legal obligations:
Such personal data shall not be disclosed to third parties without the prior authorisation of the person concerned, except in exceptional cases, where the law requires us to do so: they may in this case be communicated to the National Commission for Data Processing and Freedoms (CNIL) or to the judicial authorities as appropriate.
What are the rights of the people whose data TT Electric collects and how can they be exercised?
The European Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the amended Data Protection and Freedoms Act give individuals certain rights over their data.
For any processing of personal data which concerns it, any person may exercise the following rights:
Right of access: everyone has the right to obtain a copy of the personal data held and processed by TT Electric;
Right of rectification: everyone has the right to correct personal data that TT Electric holds about him if it is incorrect;
Right to file a claim with the CNIL: everyone has the right to file a claim with the CNIL if he has concerns about the way TT Electric processes its personal data.
Erasure rights: anyone can ask TT Electric to erase their data;
Right of limitation: anyone can ask TT Electric to limit the processing of its data;
Right of opposition: anyone can ask TT Electric to stop processing its data.
Right to withdraw consent: everyone has the right to withdraw his consent, if he has given it in advance for the receipt of offers and marketing communications by electronic means;
Right to object to the processing of data for marketing purposes: anyone may request that TT Electric cease sending marketing communications to it at any time.
/ul>
To exercise these rights, a written request with the necessary information (complete contact details and copy of the identity document) should be sent by mail or e-mail to the following address:
TT Electric
22 rue du 8 mai 1945
F-95340 Persan
We undertake to respond within one month. If for some reason we cannot respond to a request, we will explain to the individual why the request was rejected.
Cookie management policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is information placed on your hard drive by the server of the site you are visiting. The purpose of the cookie is to collect information about your browsing and to send content and services adapted to your interests. It contains several data:
the name of the server that deposited it;
an identifier in the form of a unique number;
optionally, an expiry date of cookies
This information is sometimes stored on your computer in a simple text file that a server accesses to read and save information.
Cookies on the site https://www.t-telectric.com
Three types of cookies are present on this site.
These are cookies with the following purposes:
the social network tracers cookies generated by the “social network sharing buttons”
identification cookies
Audience measurement cookies
These cookies are intended to establish the volume and establish statistics of attendance of our sites, of the various sections as well as the use of the services offered on each of them.
Social network tracer cookies: social network share buttons use cookies to track the navigation of their users.
Identification cookies: identification cookies are used in connection with the creation and/or connection to your personal space on one of our sites as well as your contribution in the participatory spaces. They allow you to access your account and/or reserve space with your credentials.
Audience measurement cookies: these cookies are intended to establish the volume and establish visitor statistics of our sites, of the various sections as well as the use of the services offered on each of them.
Managing the deposit of cookies
You can, at any time, modify your wishes regarding the deposit of cookies in the settings of your internet browser.
Prior consent to deposit of cookies
It is considered that you have given your consent to the deposit of cookies for the entire site, if:
You continued your navigation by clicking on a site item such as an image, a title, a button etc. or by going to any page other than the page through which you have accessed one of our sites during your first connection.
Your agreement is only valid for a period of thirteen months from the first deposit in your terminal equipment. Once this deadline has passed, your consent will be requested again for the use of these cookies.
Refusal of cookies
The refusal of cookies will result in the impossibility of benefiting from all our services.
How do you make your choices based on the browser you are using?
The configuration of each browser is different. It is described in the help menu and will let you know how to modify your cookie wishes. Here are the help pages for:
• Firefox™ : https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer-desactiver-cookies
• Chrome™ : http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=fr&hlrm=en&answer=95647
• Safari™ : http://docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=Safari/3.0/fr/9277.html
• Opera™ : http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
• Internet Explorer™ : http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-FR/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
Last updated: September 13, 2019
Ask your questions about T-T Electric products
Ask your questions about T-T Electric services
Products and servicesDC Motors
AC Motors
DC Drives
Spare Parts
Services
English
Français (French)
We use cookies to guarantee you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume that you are satisfied with it.
Nous utilisons des cookies pour vous garantir la meilleure expérience sur notre site web. Si vous continuez à utiliser ce site, nous supposerons que vous en êtes satisfait.
OkNonPolitique de confidentialité