http://www.pioneersb.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Personal
Banking
Insurance
Wealth Management
Premier
Business
Banking
Benefits Consulting
Insurance
Wealth Management
Premier
Government
Banking
Benefits Consulting
Insurance
Community
The Shops at Pioneer
Community Events
Company
Leadership
Culture & Careers
All Together Forward
News
History
Financial Education
Contact Us
Locations
Albany Branch
Brunswick Branch
Cairo Branch
Clifton Park East Branch
Clifton Park West Branch
Cohoes Branch
Colonie Branch
Delmar Branch
East Greenbush Branch
Glenmont Branch
Green Island Branch
Greenbush Commons Branch
Greenville Branch
Guilderland Branch
Latham Branch
Malta Branch
Queensbury Branch
Rotterdam Branch
Schenectady Branch
Troy Branch
Waterford Branch
Watervliet Branch
Wolf Road Branch
Wynantskill Branch
Hedley Park Place - ATM ONLY
Rates
Good Evening!
Close Online Banking
Privacy Policy
Rev. 012/2016
FACTS
WHAT DOES PIONEER BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do..
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Assets and credit history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Pioneer Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal informationDoes Pioneer Bank share?Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
For our affiliates to market to you
Yes
Yes
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
To limit our sharing
Call (518) 730-3000 or (888) 231-9077 – our staff will inform you of your options and document your choices; or
Visit us online at www.pioneerny.com; Online Banking customers only (Login and click on Services) Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Call (518) 730-3000 or (888) 231-9077
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Pioneer Bank, 652 Albany-Shaker Road, Albany, NY 12211
What we do
How does Pioneer Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
Contractual agreements with third parties ensure your personal information is protected including use of cookies that only collect anonymous traffic data and don't harm your computer or transmit personal data.
How does Pioneer Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account or apply for a loan
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account
Provide account information
Show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies and insurance agencies such as Pioneer Wealth Management and Anchor Agency, Inc.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Pioneer Bank doesn't share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include credit card companies.
Pioneer Gives Back
The Pioneer Bank Foundation is committed to "helping kids be kids" by giving to local charitable organizations in our communities that focus on the health and welfare of children.
Learn More
Subscribe to our newsletter
SIGN UP
Name
This field is required
Email Address*
Please enter a valid email address (name@website.com)
Sign Up
External Link Disclaimer
Pioneer has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. Pioneer makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification or monitoring by Pioneer of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall Pioneer be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
If you "Continue", the link will attempt to open a new window. If it is unable to, the link will open in the current window.
Email Disclaimer
Notice: Because there is a risk that information transmitted via Internet email could fall into the wrong hands, Pioneer suggests that confidential information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, not be transmitted via email. Instead, please contact Pioneer directly at your nearest bank branch.
Continue
×