http://www.stickybusiness.com/privacy
Home /
Customer Care /
Privacy Statement
Browse Customer Care
Customer Care
Free Samples
Returns & Refunds Policy
Reseller Program
Security Guarantee
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
Updated August 1, 2018
Sticky Business Inc. operates https://www.stickybusiness.com. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our website.
Sticky Business Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of confidential information. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize access, personally-identifiable information is never actively shared. We do not re-distribute or sell personal information collected on our website.
We use your personal information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Collection and Use While Using our Site
We may ask you to provide us with certain personal information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personal information may include, but is not limited to your name, address, telephone number and email address.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this data.
Communications
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information about our products and services.
Cookies
The Site uses a third-party analytics provider (Google Analytics) to help us understand how visitors use our Site. We use this information to improve our content and your experience visiting our site. Google Analytics relies on cookies to produce this information. Google Analytics does not receive personally identifiable information through these cookies and is prohibited from combining, matching or cross-referencing information from our site with any other information.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Responsibility of External Sites
While using the ISP website, you may encounter hypertext links to the Web pages of other websites or organizations. Sticky Business Inc. does not control the content or information practices of external organizations. We recommend you review the privacy statements of these organizations.
Changes to Our Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement is effective as of August 1, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Statement at any time and you should check this Privacy Statement periodically. Your continued use of our Site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Statement will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Statement. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you either through the Email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Customer Care
Free Samples
Returns & Refunds Policy
Reseller Program
Security Guarantee
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
Rush serviceavailable
Same dayquotes
Fast & friendlyservice
Toll Free: 1-866-474-1095
Quickturnaround
Sticky Business has what you need
Experience our world class customer service, quality and prices
To get your order started, call TOLL FREE 1-866-474-1095
Need something generic?
READY TO SHIP stock anniversary seals & stock certificate seals
RUSH SERVICE available on most custom printed products
Find products or pages:
Search Terms
Product category filter
- Select Category -
Labels
Pewter Labels
Decals
Domed Decals
Tap Handle Decals
Auto Dealer Decals
Embossed Foil Seals
Anniversary Seals
Nameplates
Graphic Overlay Decals
Magnets
Printed Tape
Search Now
Our staff are here to help!
If you have any questions just give us a call TOLL FREE 1-866-474-1095 or fill out our contact form.
close