http://www.resumescorecard.com/privacystatement.htm
You and Resume Scorecard
get better jobs
Get
Started
|
Corporate Services
|
Alliances
|
Pricing
|
Samples
|
Contact Us
|
Resume
Toolbox
|
Links
&
Terms, Conditions, and
Agreement
Terms, Conditions, and
Agreement
By purchasing any product and/or
service from ResumeScorecard, you (the customer) agree to the following:
The customer acknowledges that documents shall be
sent to them via email in Microsoft Word or in Adobe PDF file formats.
The customer agrees that ResumeScorecard is not responsible for delays
caused by the customer's delays in getting necessary information to
ResumeScorecard, intermittent unavailability of materials, acts of God, weather,
fire, strikes, war, governmental regulations, computer problems (either
by ResumeScorecard or Client), e-mail delivery problems, or any other causes
beyond the control of ResumeScorecard.
The truthfulness of any information
submitted by the customer to ResumeScorecard is the customer’s complete
responsibility. ResumeScorecard will not be held accountable for
reproducing any inaccurate information that is submitted to us by a
customer.
Any illegal action that is pursued
through the use of materials/products prepared by ResumeScorecard is not
our responsibility.
The Client agrees to pay ResumeScorecard
reasonable costs of enforcement for collection if it is necessary for
ResumeScorecard to retain an attorney and/or institute legal proceedings
against the customer.
ResumeScorecard will not begin work on any
services the customer has ordered from us until their payment has
cleared. Any orders with an incorrect sum of payment received will not
be started on until the entire due payment has been received and
cleared. Any delay in the delivery of a product or service that results
from time needed for payment to clear is not the responsibility or fault
of ResumeScorecard.
The customer understands that all items purchased are creative products
or services. Should the customer change their mind or if they made a
purchase in error then requests for a refund must be emailed to
ResumeScorecard
with
an explanation. In this case ResumeScorecard will issue a refund minus
an administrative fee of 25% of the total paid or $10 which ever is
greater. No refund however will be granted after work has already been
started on a client's project or if a product has already been sent to
the customer.  ResumeScorecard is not responsible for any technical
or difficulties the customer may have in contacting ResumeScorecard to
request a refund or any technical or other difficulties the customer may
have in receiving documents or items from us.
ResumeScorecard makes no guarantee
regarding the amount of time necessary to complete and deliver a product
after the customer makes a purchase. In the vast majority of cases,
customers can expect to receive the results of their completed project
or product(s) within 3 business days of their payment having cleared.
However, due to extreme volumes or other factors, it may take longer.
While we believe that our service can in most instances greatly improve
a customer's chances, ResumeScorecard does not however guarantee that
desired interviews or jobs will be secured by the customer as a result
of our services since there are far too many other factors involved
throughout the job search process that are beyond our control. For
example, we will not be held accountable for a customer's lack of
qualifications or ineffective job search efforts on their part.
The customer acknowledges that the quality of our end products can only
be as good as the information our consultants are provided with. In
other words the work of even the best resume services professional will
be limited if the customer doesn’t provide adequate information to work
from. Accordingly, it is important that the customer submits to us as
much pertinent information as possible immediately after placing their
order.
After making a payment, the customer will
be directed to a webpage indicating confirmation that their order was
received. ResumeScorecard is not responsible for any technical
difficulties the customer may have in displaying this page. The customer
also acknowledges that ResumeScorecard is not obliged to make any
further confirmations such as by email or telephone.
ResumeScorecard may use any or all of the
emails given to it by the customer as a means to communicate and send
completed products to the customer.
The customer agrees not to reproduce,
duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit for any commercial purposes any
portion of our service or products.
ResumeScorecard is
not liable or responsible for any viruses inadvertently transmitted nor
liable for any damages resulting from such transmission. It is the
responsibility of users of our services to remain vigilant to prevent
transmitting viruses to us and to prevent viruses from coming into
contact with their own computers.
ResumeScorecard may make changes in
information about price and service details without notice.
ResumeScorecard may suspend or limit
service to any customer that is abusive or discourteous towards our
staff.
Customers are our top priority so if there
is any problem with the order they should contact us in an appropriate
manner first and we will
do everything we possibly can to fix it. If the customer initiates a
chargeback with their credit card company or PayPal for an order they
placed without attempting to resolve the issue with us first as per our policies, they will be assessed a $25 fee to cover the time and
expense that we have to invest in investigating and proving that they
made the purchase, received services, and failed to make proper efforts
to resolve the problem with our company. Unpaid chargeback fees will be
referred to a collections agency. Chargebacks that appear to be
motivated by fraud (i.e. false claims of non-receipt) will be
immediately referred to law enforcement for investigation and
prosecution.  ResumeScorecard will respond appropriately to those
that use a credit card chargeback, PayPal dispute, or some other hostile
remedy as their first choice for problem resolution.
By making payment to use our service the customer acknowledges that they have read the TERMS, CONDITIONS, and AGREEMENT above and
that completion
of the purchase process constitutes their electronic signature. In
addition they agree
with the terms and conditions noted above and authorize the work to
begin this date.
ResumeScorecard's
Privacy Commitment - Overview
In all the following, we will use our best efforts:
The only information we collect is contact information
and other career related information (career history,
educational background, and other relevant information)
to prepare career documents, to contact customers if more
information is needed, and to send materials back to our
customers, and also any information required to receive and process
payment from the customer. In addition, from time to time, we offer optional surveys to
our clients or website visitors for such purposes as assessing their
interests and needs or their perception of our service. The use of the
information collected will be explained in in the survey itself.
The only information we collect about you is the
information that you supply to us through enquiry, forms
and any email you send us.
Use of Personal Information:
Personal information will only be collected for the
purposes of:
- Processing any orders that you have made.
- Answering any general queries you have.
Please note that we don't send unsolicited email.
We may
disclose information if we believe in good faith it is appropriate in
order to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity,
or to conduct investigations of service disagreements.
External links:
This site contains
helpful links to other career-related sites, and we are
not responsible for the privacy practices or content of
these websites.
Ethics
We will not include anything in the
resumes and other documents we work on that we know or suspect is false.
We will not do any work or make any change
that we do not feel is necessary (unless such change is specifically
asked for by the client). In other words we will not recommend any
change that is not necessary in order to get more orders and we will not
do things on the documents just to look like we did a lot in order to
justify the price charged. (We try to make the client happy however so
if the client has certain preferences and they specifically ask us to
make a particular change then we will do so but with an note to them
that we do not feel that such change was actually necessary.)
Contact
Details
If you have any concerns, please
contact us
here.
Resume
Editing
A complete overhaul of your resume with improved
formatting, enhanced content, and much more...
Brilliant
cover letters make good first impressions!
Cover Letter Writing done by former executive
recruiters and human resources specialists.
Resume
Critiques
Get a qualified opinion on how good your resume
really is.
Templates
& Workbooks
Answer behavioural interview questions, and
more...
Resume
BookStore
Books on Interviewing, Job Searches, Career
Planning, and more...
Tell
a Friend
|
Link
to us
|
Client
Testimonials
|
Our
Guarantee