http://www.amtvmedia.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
AMTV honours the rights of its employees and other users’ including website visitors’ right to privacy and data protection. AMTV is fully committed to complying with the provisions of all applicable Data Protection legislation and regulations such as Data Protection Act and EU GDPR. AMTV honours the rights of its employees and other users to privacy and data protection. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, share, and retain personally identifiable information provided by users of this website. The Policy is effective as of 16/08/2018. The policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices, regulatory changes and the evolving needs of AMTV. We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office, the UK’s Data Protection Authority.
Data Controller
The data controller for all personal data collected via this website is AMTV with its registered office at Charmonix, 4a Stoney View, Roydon, Kings Lynnn. This means that we are responsible for deciding what data we collect and how we hold and use your personal data. We will implement appropriate data security measures for protecting the data from unauthorised access and loss, as laid out in the Security section of this Policy.
Data Collection
AMTV does not collect personal data about individuals except when there is a legitimate business requirement or when such information is provided on a voluntary basis.
Users should also be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of AMTV web servers, and by the use of cookies technology and/or Internet Protocol (“IP”) address tracking. Non-personal identification information might include the browser used by you, the type of computer, the operating systems, the Internet service providers, and other similar information. AMTV web server also automatically gathers information about the top viewed and visited pages and links on our website, top entry and exit points, number of form completions, time spent on pages, top downloads, top keywords used offsite to lead customers to our website, your internet protocol (IP) address, information collected via cookies, the areas you visit on the website, the links you may select from within the website to other external websites and device event information such as system activity, crashes, hardware settings, browser type etc. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent; however, if you disable cookies, the full functionality of AMTV website may not be available to you.
Data retention
The personal data collected is stored in AMTV CMS system and other appropriate data management systems, both paper based and electronic. Personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to any third party except if permission has first been obtained from the users. The data will not be transferred to any agency located outside the EU. At regular intervals, we will:
Review the length of time we keep your personal data for
Consider the purpose or purposes for which we hold your personal data for in deciding whether (and for how long) to retain it
Securely delete information that is no longer needed for that purpose or those purposes
Update, archive or securely delete information if it goes out of date
Security
AMTV uses reasonable measures to safeguard personally identifiable information. The implemented measures will be appropriate to the type of information maintained and compliance with all relevant legislation governing protection of personal information. Measures are implemented to preserve the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the personal information. We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to only those employees, contractors or agents who have a legitimate business need to have access to that data. The employees, contractors or agents will process your personal data in accordance with our instructions. They will be subject to a duty of confidentiality and due care with respect to handling the personal data. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so. AMTV employees are trained on data security and information protection. Relevant areas of the AMTV website will employ Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) or Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) encryption technology to enhance data privacy and help prevent loss, misuse, or alteration of the information collected and retained by AMTV.
Access, Review and Correction
The General Data Protection Regulations gives you the right to access your personal data held by us (“subject access request”). If you have an established business relationship with AMTV, you may request from us a list of the categories of personal information held about you. Subject access requests must be made in writing to the details below. We will endeavour to respond to the request within a reasonable period and in any event within one month as required by the relevant provisions in the GDPR.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. We will take all reasonable measures to ensure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate. When you make a request to access or review the personal data we hold about you, we will request you to verify your identity before the request can be fulfilled.
Privacy Rights
In addition to the rights of access, review and correction, you have the right to object to your personal data being processed for any particular purpose, or to request that we stop using your information. If you wish to exercise these rights, please e-mail info@amtvmedia.co.uk or send a letter marked “Data Protection” to the AMTV offices at Charmonix, 4a Stoney View, Roydon, Kings Lynn. If you have further concerns about how we use your personal data, you also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the data protection authority for the UK. Please visit https://ico.org.uk/ for more details on your data protection rights and how to contact them.
Cookies
Harmless cookies that are designed to enhance your user experience of this website are stored on your device. These consist of small data files relating to you and this website.
Information stored in cookies created by AMTV are not shared with any third party unless required to do so by law.
By continuing to browse this website you are consenting to the storage of its first party cookies on your device.
The first party cookies used by this website include (but may not be limited to):
wordpress_test_cookie – WordPress sets this cookie to see if your browser supports cookies (No identifiable information)
et-saved-post-95-bb – WordPress cookie for auto-saving a post in the editor.
et-saved-post-206-bb – WordPress cookie for auto-saving a post in the editor.
_ga – Online identifiers including cookie identifiers internet protocol addresses and device identifiers client identifiers.
_gid – Online identifiers including cookie identifiers internet protocol addresses and device identifiers client identifiers.