https://www.hallsrvsales.com/page/privacy-policy
HomeInventoryNew RVsUsed RVsShop By RV TypeTravel TrailersFifth WheelsMotorhomesToy HaulersPark ModelsShop By ManufacturerCrossroadsCruiser RVKeystoneAlpineAvalancheLaredoKZConnectDurangoSportsmenPalominoPumaRiversideFifth WheelsTravel TrailersDepartmentsServiceFinancePartsAbout UsContactLocal Campsites
Privacy Policy
Halls RV Sales respects the privacy of our customers. The following privacy statement outlines what information we collect from our visitors, who has access to that information and how we utilize it. Halls RV Sales is the sole owner of all information collected on this site. Use of Cookies Halls RV Sales uses cookies and data-collection pixels to gather anonymous information about our users and their interactions with our website. This data is used on an aggregate level to analyze our website's effectiveness and help us improve our services. Cookies are bits of information that we automatically store on your computer if your computer accepts cookies. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information on your computer. We use cookies to recognize you and your preferences to make shopping easier and provide you with a customized experience on our website. Halls RV Sales places a unique user ID number on your cookie which allows us to access information that will improve your shopping experience, such as holding items in your shopping bag, accessing your addresses, or providing you with customized pages based on your past viewing or purchasing preferences. We also use cookies to track traffic to different parts of our website in order to make improvements and optimize your shopping experience. If you do not wish to have a cookie on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them. In order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's help section for instructions. Please be aware that some parts of our site may require the use of cookies to be fully functional. Information We Collect Automatically When you interact with Halls RV Sales’ website, certain information about your use of the website and services is collected automatically including:
Details of your site visit and information generated throughout the visit including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, the resources that you access and how you reached our site. Details regarding the device you used to reach our site including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
Pixel Tag Pixel Tags may be used on Halls RV Sales’ website to understand how the website is being used by the user and for advertising purposes. Personally Identifiable Information is not collected through the pixel tag. Parental Consent Complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. Email Transactions & Marketing By submitting contact forms or creating an account on our website, you are automatically opting in to receive marketing emails containing exclusive deals, updates and more. You may unsubscribe from our mailings at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link listed at the bottom of each email. Halls RV Sales only collects and uses the following information (dependent on the information provided to us): name, email address, phone number and mailing address. Halls RV Sales takes every precaution to protect our users' information. Your information will never be shared with any third-parties other than our email marketing provider for the purpose of sending marketing emails as mentioned above or for the fulfillment of any purchased products or services. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. How We Use Your Data When you submit your personal information on Halls RV Sales’ website, it can be used for the following purposes:
To contact you regarding units, parts, services, or any other business service or product. To contact you in response to an inquiry or complaint. To complete transactions, process payments, fulfill orders and send service communications. To understand how our website is being used, track performance and make necessary improvements. To create custom audiences for email communications and social media advertisements.
California Consumer Privacy Act For our users living or doing business in California, Halls RV Sales is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Halls RV Sales does not sell or lease any personal information collected while using our website to any third party. Halls RV Sales uses cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information. For more information on the cookies collected, please see the information above. The CCPA gives California residents the right to learn more about the information being collected. Upon filling out a form or signing up for an account, Halls RV Sales collects the personal information you provide. By providing Halls RV Sales with this information, you consent to the information being collected, used, and disclosed as described in this Policy. Users living or doing business in California have the right to request their personal information that has been collected in the last 12 months. Please contact support@ridedigital.com for this information. If you believe that the information collected is inaccurate, you may modify or correct your Personal Information by contacting support@ridedigital.com. The CCPA gives California residents or those doing business in California the right to delete your personal information collected by Halls RV Sales. You may contact support@ridedigital.com to have your data deleted. We may share aggregated data with our partners or other third party companies including marketing and media agencies. This data cannot be used to identify individuals. Web Accessibility Policy Halls RV Sales is committed to ensuring a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone and apply relevant accessibility standards as updates are being made to ADA guidelines. This website endeavors to comply with best practices and standards as defined by Section 508 of the U.S. Rehabilitation Act and the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG). Which defines three levels of conformance: Level A, Level AA and Level AAA. These guidelines explain how to make web content more accessible for people with disabilities. Conformance with these guidelines will help make the web more user-friendly for all people. If you would like additional assistance or have accessibility concerns, please call us at (256) 894-6235. We will continue to test the site to make sure that all content on the site is accessible to all visitors. We will also continue to work to improve the accessibility standards of our website.
Privacy Policy
RV Parts & Accessories
RV Service Department
Finance Department
Sitemap
Sold RVs
We here at Hall's RV make every effort to ensure that all campers, parts and materials represented here on our web sight are depicted in an accurate and honest manner. We do however acknowledge that on occasion errors will happen. In these rare instances Hall's RV will not be held responsible for said errors. We recommend that you call in advance to verify any information contained here. We apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause.© Copyright Hall's RV Sales 2020. All rights reserved.