http://www.clickrain.com/privacy
About
Success Stories
Our Work
Services
Marketing
Websites
Data
Creative
Technology
Stratus
Blog
Say Hello
Careers
Menu
Privacy Policy
This notice of Click Rain's privacy practices pertains to, and governs only information Click Rain collects from you through the Internet, including software application downloads and online purchasing of products or services. It does not pertain to, or govern, Click Rain's collection, use, storage, or protection of any personal information you submit to us via any other means, including, without limitation, by phone, e-mail other than through this website, and the U.S. Mail. Click Rain cannot control the privacy policies of websites you may access through this website that are not owned or operated by Click Rain. In order to determine the privacy practices of those websites, you must refer to the privacy policies, if any, associated with those websites.
Information We Collect
In general, you can visit any public section of clickrain.com on your computer or mobile device without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We and our service providers may track the internet address of the domains from which people visit us and we and our service providers may analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous. If you access this site from a geo-aware enabled mobile device, then we may collect data regarding your location. The information we and our service providers collect and analyze is used to operate and improve our service to you and will not be shared with any non-affiliated third party, other than for website analytics or to provide or improve our services. We reserve the right to share with these non-affiliated third parties any information we collect about you provided they commit not to use the information for purposes inconsistent with this privacy policy.
Information You Give Us
If you provide information to Click Rain through one of its website applications—for example, filling out a form—that information shall be used in the normal course of business to provide services to you or on your behalf. The information will not be shared with any non-affiliated third party, other than to provide or improve our services. We and our service providers may combine information we collect about you with information that we collect about other users of our services and share it in a form that does not identify you personally. We and our service providers may use aggregated information or other information you disclose to us for the purposes described in this privacy policy.
Information We Get from the Use of Our Services
If you interact with us online, we, or third parties acting on our behalf, place cookies or similar collection technologies on your computer. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return and save and remember any preferences that may have been set while you were visiting our services.  Cookies also enable us to collect information about the device you use to access our website, your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. You can manage cookie preferences and opt-out of having cookies and other similar collection technologies used by adjusting the settings on your browser or interface. All browsers and interfaces are different, so visit the "help" section of your browser or interface to learn about cookie preferences and other privacy settings that may be available. It is up to you whether to allow us or third parties to send you or to set cookies, but if you block cookies, you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our website.
Click Rain uses cookies to collect visitor data and analyze traffic on our site. This information helps us understand customer interests and helps us improve our website. When you visit our site, the pages that you look at, and a short text file called a cookie, are downloaded to your computer. A cookie is used to store small amounts of information. This information is collected for traffic analysis only. The cookie does not contain personal details. Depending on the browser that you use, you can set your preferences to block/ refuse cookies, and/ or notify you before they are placed. We do not sell, give, or trade these statistics to any 3rd parties for data-mining or marketing purposes.
Terms of Use
All materials contained in this site are protected by international trademark and copyright laws and must only be used for personal, non-commercial purposes. This means that you may only view or download material from this Site for your own use and you must keep all copyright and other proprietary notices attached to the downloaded material.
The reproduction, duplication, distribution (including by way of email, facsimile or other electronic means), publication, modification, copying or transmission of material from this site is strictly prohibited unless you have obtained the prior written consent of Click Rain or unless it is expressly permitted by this site. The material covered by this prohibition includes, without limitation, any text, graphics, logos, photographs, audio or video material or stills from audiovisual material available on this site. The use of materials from this site on any other web site or networked computer environment is similarly prohibited.
Disclaimer of Liability and Warranties
While Click Rain does its best to ensure the optimal performance of the site, you agree that you use this site and rely on material contained in this site at your own risk.
The site, and all materials in this site, are provided "as is" and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, are provided without warranties of any kind either express or implied. This means, without limitation, that Click Rain does not warrant that the site is fit for any particular purpose; that the functions contained in the materials in the site will be uninterrupted; that defects will be corrected; that the site is free of viruses and other harmful components or that the site is accurate, error free or reliable.
You acknowledge that Click Rain and third party content providers, their parents and affiliates together with their respective employees, agents, directors, officers and shareholders, ARE NOT LIABLE for any delays, inaccuracies, failures, errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions, defects, viruses, communication line failures or for the theft, destruction, damage or unauthorized access to your computer system or network.
You acknowledge that Click Rain and third party content providers are not liable for any damages, including, without limitation, direct, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, in connection with or arising from your use or from your inability to use the Site.