http://www.vagabond.com/se/privacypolicy/
Enjoy free shipping and free returns on all orders!
We have extended our return period to 60 days Read more
We're using cookies, to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to use of cookies. Privacy policy
OK
Shopping bag
0
item
Your shopping bag is empty
Total
0 kr
Proceed to checkout
Total
0 kr
Proceed to checkout
Remove
Undo
0 kr
0 kr
Choose country
You are currently in the Sweden store.
If you would like to ship your items to a different country, please select it here below. Item availibility, prices and shipping services will be updated to reflect the local market.
Choose country
Online stores
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Canada
Croatia
Czech Republic
Cyprus
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Great Britain
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Latvia
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
United States
Brand stores
China
Iceland
Kazakhstan
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
Easy returns
Trackable shipping
Friendly Customer Care
Need help? Contact us here.
Privacy policy
Introduction
Engaging in and caring for people has always been important for Vagabond. As part of this commitment Vagabond continuously cares of persons integrity and control over personal data. This is a description of how Vagabond looks upon data privacy and what we do to fulfil our obligation towards you and to our Partners.
General
Our privacy policy in a nut-shell
Vagabond shield and protects your integrity and your personal information and we always strive to be transparent on how we handle your personal data. It is also important to us to handle it lawfully and in a fair way. Therefore, Vagabond does not collect and use more personal data than needed to be able to fulfil your demand and expectations on us. We also put an effort into how we protect your data, we never sell your personal data to a third party and only transfer it to other companies within Vagabond group or to our trusted partners for them to perform their tasks, for example for delivery we transfer data to the transporting company and for payment we transfer data to our payment provider.
In addition to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other relevant laws and regulations Vagabond respects the local legislation on personal data.
In this document we describe step by step how, where, what and why we collect and use your personal data and how we protect your rights.
Some important principles in short
We will do our best to protect your integrity by:
• Being transparent in informing you how we collect and use personal data.• Only collect the data needed to process and fulfil our commitment.• Only collect data that is to your benefit, for improving our performance in providing our products and services.• Only provide information to affiliated companies, partners or service provider to enable them to fulfil their obligations to you and us.• Only keep data for as long needed to perform our obligations.• Upon your request provide information of what personal data that we hold and handle and on what legal ground.• Protect your personal data by e.g. security systems, anonymisation and encryption.
You have the right to:
• Request that we provide all your personal data that we handle once a year, free of charge.• Request that we correct your personal data.• Request that we limit our use of your personal data:• To the extent permitted by law request that we delete your personal data.• Request that we provide your personal data in machine-readable form, so called “Data portability”
Personal data controller is Vagabond International Aktiebolag and sometimes its subsidiaries. In certain occasions a partner may be the Personal data controller when that is the case we will address that separately.
Collecting data
The information we collect is normally your name, customer number, address, phone number, e-mail address. We do not collect any data that isn't necessary for us to fulfil our business services.
Storing of data
Vagabond will store data at its servers owned by Vagabond and located at Vagabond Varberg, Birger Svenssons Väg 36, 432 40 Varberg, or at servers provided by our partners or our service partners. In all cases the Data will be stored within [EEA].
Transfer of data
We do transfer data to companies within Vagabond group when needed for the purpose of fulfilling contract. We also transfer data to our partners and service providers to provide high quality services. Our partners and service providers that are all located within EEA and so are their servers and other storing equipment.In no other cases do we transfer your personal data to any third party or outside this area. In event that we should need to transfer data outside EEA then we will ask for your expressed permission.
Protection of data
Vagabond limit the use of personal data by the following measures; its design and by not using technologies that are intrusive or capture data not needed to enable Vagabond or its partners to deliver Vagabond products and services. Privacy is a default working method at Vagabond and all settings aims to be for example opt-in instead of opt-out and Vagabond does not work with authenticated users. We only collect personal data when products or services are ordered, or when a consumer request us to provide support or information. Privacy is designed into systems by prioritising security and data protection as part of the design and using privacy enhancements techniques like encryption and anonymisation.
When visiting vagabond.com through https, you provide personal information in conjunction with a transaction that are called secure pages (encrypted transfer of information). Vagabond is using certificates issued by GoDaddy Operating Company. Such a certificate guarantees that you are communicating with our web site, vagabond.com, and that the transfer of information is encrypted. Most web browsers at your devices use symbols to show if you are visiting a secure or non-secure web page. Learn more about this on: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTPS.
Card payment transactions with Vagabond or our payment service provider use high-grade encryption technology carried out over an SSL 256-bit encrypted secure connection.
Handling of data
Vagabond cares about and protect your integrity and personal privacy. We do our best to fulfil your expectations and perform in accordance with the agreement that we have with you to sell and deliver our products and to support you and share information with you. It is important to us that you understand how we handle your personal data when you visit our site, this is a description step by step what happens when you decide to interact with us through buying something on our web-shop, ask for help or sign up for a newsletter.
Visiting our web-shop and ordering our products
When you visit our web-shop and order our products you have to go to the check-out section where you will be asked to fill in what product you want to order, the contact and delivery details for us to be able to pick, pack and send the product to you. Some of this personal data will be shared with our transporters.
Payment and invoice information
During the checkout you need to select payment method and fill in the payment details (such as e.g. card details, card number, expiry date, CCV no) needed to process your payment for your order through our payment service provider.
If you choose to pay via invoice, then we collect your personal id number (national identifier) to process a credit application and once approved by our Credit service provider the order will be processed.
The payment and invoice information are being collected by us without saving it and transferred securely to our payment partners for payments and/or for Invoice.
Delivery details
We ask you to enter your name, delivery address and contact information such as e-mail and phone number on our web-site in the checkout section so that we will be able to deliver your order and if needed contact you regarding the delivery. The information will be shared with our partners for distribution that will be different for different markets.
Contact details
In the checkout you will be asked to enter your contact details in form of email address and phone number. We will need this to contact you with information about the order. This information will be shared with Transport service providers so that they can contact you to advice on delivery time and/or pick up information and possibly get more information around the delivery destination/Pickup.
Return documents for certain markets
If you want to return a product you need to login on our return portal at our website and provide your e-mail and order number, to be able to print a return label before sending the product back to us.
Order queries or cancellation of order
We keep your personal data such as; contact details, delivery details and payment details to support you with your legal rights that you have with respect to returning the product if you want to withdraw from your purchase or when you have a quality issue with the product.
Should a problem with returns occur then we sometimes need to transfer your delivery and contact information to our Transport providers in order for them to return the products.
For the purpose of being able to fulfil our obligations in accordance with the applicable consumers rights regulation we keep the order information such as delivery-, contact-, payment- and invoice information as long as necessary to support you.
Contact form
When you contact us via our web form on our website, we collect and save the information you forward to us in order for us to help you with the question or issue you have. It can be information such as; contact details, order or delivery details that we need to support you.
We do not transfer this information outside our organization unless your query relates to delivery or payment where we might need to consult our partners so that they can help to solve your problem. In the contact with our partners we protect the personal data via a Data Privacy Agreement. (Vagabond may need to keep the web order information and communication (emails).
Newsletters
When you sign up for our Newsletter subscription (online or in our stores) you agree that we save your email address in order to regularly send our New letters or invitations that includes information about our offers and happenings that is relevant to you.
We transfer securely your e-mail address to our service provider that sends out the email to you. We protect the personal data via a Data Privacy Agreement with our service provider. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the link on the email from us or contact us on our website.
E-mail services
If a product is not in stock we offer a possibility to send you an e-mail notification when the product is available for purchase.
Cookies
Analysis of activities on the web/cookies
When visiting vagabond.com we save information about your activities on our website (for example by using cookies). A cookie is a small data file placed on your device hard drive containing information about which parts of our website you have visited. We use cookies to personalise your online experience and to collect statistical data for the purpose of improving the experience on the website. Cookies are reliable files and they cannot execute program code, transmit virus or be used to collect information about what you otherwise may use your computer for.
We use cookies for the following primary purposes; functionality, web statistics, sales and advertising. We use the functional cookies to ensure that our online store is functioning as intended, which among other things includes that you are able to add items to your shopping cart, place an order etc. We use services from Google (Google Analytics) to collect web statistics, Facebook and Adform to collect sales and advertising statistics.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.
If you don’t want Hotjar to collect your data, you can opt-out here.
How can I disable cookies?
Most web browsers permit to delete or block cookies and to warn you and ask for your consent before cookies are stored. You can find help in your internet browser on how to set your internet browser to handle and possible block cookies. If you do not wish to use cookies when visiting our online store this will affect your shopping experience, as we among other things use cookies to keep your shopping cart updated. The use of cookies is also necessary if you want to be able to place an order.
You can modify your browser to turn off cookies. This is very easy to do. Please note: if you disable cookies, you will not be able to make a purchase on vagabond.com.
For example, the following links provide information on how to adjust the Cookies settings on some popular browsers:
• Firefox• Internet Explorer • Chrome • Safari
By visiting www.youronlinechoices.eu you have the possibility to remove certain cookies individually.
Contact
Our contact details
Vagabond International Aktiebolag Box 521 432 19 Varberg
Visiting address
Birger Svenssons Väg 36 432 40 Varberg Phone: +46 (0)340-541200
You can contact us by filling out our web Contact form here.