http://www.iwsmoney.com/iws_privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
International Wealth
Success, Inc. (IWS)
Information Security
and Privacy Statement
This statement presents the policies we (IWS)
follow to protect the privacy and integrity of the information we collect.
These policies include:
What information we collect through our Web site and
how we collect it
How we use and protect the information we collect
What options you have regarding collection,
distribution, and updating of your information
What security procedures we use to protect your
privacy and security
Click
here to send questions or comments about this statement or see How
to Contact IWS.
What Information We Collect and How Collect It
The information we collect on
customers and visitors to our Web site is limited to:
Information provided by customers to place orders on
IWS's Web site.
This information is needed to process on-line orders and may
include name, street and e-mail address, phone number, credit card number and
expiration date, products ordered, and order date.
IP (Internet Protocol) addresses which are logged
routinely by the Web server.
Non-personal or statistical data such as total number
of site visitors, overall traffic, sales summaries, etc.
How We Use and Protect Your
Information
IWS will use personally identifiable information
collected at its Web site only as needed to process and fulfill orders
authorized by its customers and to provide customer service.
No information
regarding specific persons will be provided to any other business, person,
organization, mailing list, or other entity, except as may be legally required
to prevent fraud or to comply with the legal inquiry of government.
Summary Information and IP Addresses
This policy does not restrict IWS's use of non-personal,
summary, derived or aggregate information, such as number of site visitors, page
views, statistical data, etc.
Nor does it restrict the use of IP addresses
logged by our server.
Such information is not linked to personal data that can
identify an individual person.
Communication With Customers
From time to time, IWS may contact customers to
provide customer service, to reply to a query, to announce changes at the
company's Web site, to offer information on IWS products, etc.  IWS will
not make anonymous mailings or mass mailings (spam).
Your Options: Use and
Distribution of Your Information
Opting Out: Anyone may "opt out" of
receiving e-mail from IWS.
To do so, click here to send us an "opt-out" message.
Place the words "OPT OUT" in the body of your e-mail message. When we receive
your opt-out e-mail, we'll immediately remove your name so you won't receive e-mails
from us.
Updating Personal Information: On request, we will update customers'
personal information to reflect changes such as a changed mailing address or new
credit card number.
Security Procedures
All personal, credit card, and sales
information collected at the IWS Web site is processed over a secure web server
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol and data encryption to ensure privacy
of the information and to prevent loss, misuse, or alteration of data.
Security
updates are installed promptly on release.
Digital certificates authenticate
the site's identity and help identify and encode electronic messages.
Credit card numbers are not stored on our Web server, nor are they accessible
off line by IWS, its staff or employees.
Our Web servers are kept in a
secure location, behind a working network firewall.
Changes to IWS Information Security and Privacy
Statement
To assure that our information security and privacy
policies are appropriate and effective, to assure that these policies reflect
ongoing changes in our Web site and in information technology, and to assure
that IWS continues to adhere to good business practices, IWS will regularly
review its policies and practices and make changes to them as warranted. Changes
that affect IWS's Information Security and Privacy Statement will be posted to
our Web site.
Registration
The IWS Web site does not currently use a customer or
visitor registration process or database.
Information Available Off-line
While the policies and procedures outlined in this
statement are primarily intended to protect sensitive information on line, we
also do everything in our power to protect personal information off line.
All
of our users' information is restricted in our offices.
Only employees who need
the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a
customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable
information.
Persons with such access each have an identification and pass code
to prevent unauthorized access.
All employees are kept up-to-date on our
security and privacy practices.
Cookies
Our on-line catalog shopping system may create a file,
or "cookie," on the hard drive of your computer to store items you've placed in
your shopping cart.
These files are temporary and are used only in on-line
shopping sessions. The files are not used to monitor the behavior of visitors to
our site.
Safeguarding Personal
Information
External Links
IWS may provide links on its Web site, via advertising
and otherwise, to other web sites that are not under the control of IWS. IWS
does not endorse or make any warranty of any type regarding the content of such
web sites, advertising, products, or services offered therein. IWS makes no
representation regarding your use of such web sites. See our Terms of Use and
Advertising Disclaimer for more information.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the
privacy practices of other Web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when
they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web
site that collects personally identifiable information. This Information
Security and Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by this
Web site. In addition, you should be familiar with the precautions that are
prudent for you to take in providing information to anyone via the Internet.
The Electronic Frontier
Foundation is a good source for additional Information about security and
privacy on the Internet and has a valuable list of the
Top 12 Ways
to Protect Your Online Privacy.
How to
Contact IWS
International Wealth Success, Inc.
P.O. Box 186
Merrick NY 11566
Telephone: 516-766-5850
FAX: 516-766-5919
E-Mail: Click
here to e-mail us Website: www.iwsmoney.com
[ Home ]
[ Back to Top ]
Copyright © 2014 International Wealth Success, Inc