http://www.hardwoods-inc.com/terms-conditions
Jump to navigation
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
About This Web Site
Privacy Policy
We make the same firm commitment to privacy for our web site visitors as we deliver to our customers. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site.
Updating and Choice/Opt-Out
Visitors who have requested information through our web site but do not wish to receive further communications from us, can send an e-mail to privacy@hardwoods-inc.com.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or this web site, please contact us.
Information Tracking
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site. We also track browser types to help us understand our visitors' needs related to our web site design.
Our site's optional information request forms require your name, company, e-mail address, as well as information to help us determine your needs related to our solutions. We use this information to send updates about our company and contact you if requested or necessary. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section above. When you receive an updated profile form, that information comes from our database.
Security and Privacy
Our web site uses security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We store the information in a database in a secure environment at our service provider.
Client-side cookies may be used to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our website. Client-side cookies may also be used to track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our signup programs or to track and measure the success of a particular marketing campaign. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. All set cookies are temporary; once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site; however, the user may be limited to the access of some areas within our website.
We take care to reinforce the importance of our web site visitors' security and privacy among our employees. Data security is paramount. We're constantly re-evaluating and deploying new technologies to enhance our security.
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you e-mails based on your requesting information.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other web sites to which we link.
Web Site Disclaimer
The materials and statements provided herein are for informational purposes only and are subject to change at any time due to such factors among others as changes in market prices, changes in products, grade guidelines or product availability in the market, etc.
No representations or warranties, express or implied, expressly including warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are made herein other than to set forth basic information concerning the company, its structure and its products, Any representations or warranties concerning particular sales are made only at the time of a sale or contemplated sale of identified goods.