http://www.stcu.com/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Branch & Contact Info
VISA Login
eStatement Login
Home Banking Login
Search form
SearchSearch
Privacy Policy
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing.
Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Account balances
Transaction and loss history
Overdraft history
Account transactions
Checking account information
When you are no longer a member of the credit union, we continue to share information about you as described in this notice.
How?
All financial institution’s need to share members’ personal information to run their everyday business and to process transactions, maintain member accounts, and report to credit bureaus. In the section below, we list the reasons financial institutions can share their members’ personal information; the reasons we choose to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does the Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For Our Everyday Business Purposes - to process your transactions, maintain your account, respond to court orders and legal investigations and/or report to credit bureaus.
YES
NO
For Our Marketing Purposes - to offer our products and services to you.
NO
WE DON’T SHARE
For Joint Marketing With Other Financial Companies
NO
NO
For Our Affiliates’ Everyday Business Purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
NO
WE DON’T SHARE
For Our Affiliates’ Everyday Business Purposes - information about your creditworthiness
NO
WE DON’T SHARE
For Our Affiliates To Market To You
NO
WE DON’T SHARE
For Non Affiliates To Market To You
NO
WE DON’T SHARE
Questions? Contact Us
Arrha Credit Union is committed to serving our members with the highest quality member service. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions we would love to hear from you.
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Arrha Credit Union (Credit Union)
What we do
How does Arrha Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Arrha Credit Union collect my personal information
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account
Apply for a loan
Provide account information
Provide mortgage information
Use your credit or debit card
Show your driver’s license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit sharing only for
affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using information to market to you
sharing for non affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Arrha Credit Union has no affiliates.
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non financial companies.
Nonaffiliates
Arrha Credit Union does not share with non affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Arrha Credit Union joint marketing companies may include CUNA MUTUAL INSURANCE and credit card companies.
Other Important Information
Massachusetts Members: We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing without your authorization. We must notify you about our sharing practices when you open an account and each year thereafter.
Fraud Alerts and Scam Warnings
Mike Talks
Recent Articles
Newsletters
Free Credit Report Information
Financial Management Tools
Credit Unions Versus Banks
2020 Anthony J Serafino Scholarship
Energy Savings
Website Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
What's Regulation D?
Recent Articles
Annual Meeting
Welcome Tony Franco Vice President of Commercial Lending
Don’t Let COVID-19 Infect You With Fraud
Annual Meeting Cancelled
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Update
more
News Feed
More