https://www.lsccom.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Skip Navigation LinksHome > Privacy Policy
Last
Updated: December 27, 2019
This Privacy Policy explains how
information about you is collected, used and disclosed by LSC Communications Inc.
US, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies ("LSC Communications"). This Privacy Policy applies to information we
collect when you use our websites and other online products and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the
"Services") or when you otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from
time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some
cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
The types of information we have collected in the previous 12 months include identifiers, commercial information, and internet or electronic network activity data. Below, we provide examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us.
For example, we collect information when you create an account, interact with us on social media, subscribe to our email alerts, participate in any interactive features of the Services, fill out a form, make a purchase, apply for a job, interact or communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
The types of information we may collect include identifiers, such as your name, company name, occupation, email address, postal address, phone number, social security number and other governmental ID numbers, and any other information you choose to provide. In connection with some of our Services, you may be required to provide certain financial or payment information, such as credit card number, type, expiration date, or other financial information. Such information is collected and stored by third-party payment processors, and use and storage of that information is governed by any applicable terms and conditions and privacy policies of those third parties.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect commercial information and internet or electronic network
activity data, including:
Log Information:
We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information:
We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, and unique device identifiers.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:
We use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons.
Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits.
Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see "Your Choices" below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to identity verification services, credit bureaus, mailing list providers and publicly available sources.
Use of Information
We use the information listed above for business and commercial
purposes, including to:
Deliver the products and services you request;
Provide, maintain and improve our Services and the content of our websites;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices,
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service and support;
Process your application for employment;
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by LSC Communications and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of LSC Communications and others;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We
may share identifiers, commercial information, and internet or
electronic network activity data with the following categories of third parties:
Vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
Third parties to offer or provide related services
With our customers who need access to such information to carry out specific transactions related to service you requested, for example refunds, promotions etc. unless you opt out of this type of sharing.
To opt out, please, send an email to dataprivacy@lsccom.com with details of your request.
We will contact you to acknowledge receipt and take any appropriate action.
Law enforcement, authorities, or other third parties in
response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process; or if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies; or as necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of LSC Communications or others;
Existing or potential corporate affiliates in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
LSC Communications and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under common control and ownership; and
Other third parties with your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and in
applications. These entities may use
cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect
information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications,
including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion
information. This information may be used by LSC Communications and others to, among other things, analyze and track
data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having
your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
Security
LSC Communications takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
LSC Communications is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law.
By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
In connection with LSC Communications’ processing of personal data it receives from the EU (“EU
Data”), LSC Communications adheres to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
Principles issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce (the “Principles”). For more information about the Principles, please visit the Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website. Please direct any inquiries
or complaints regarding our compliance with the Principles to the point of
contact listed in the “Contact Us” section below. If LSC Communications does not resolve your complaint, you may submit your complaint free of charge to https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield, LSC Communications’ designated Privacy Shield dispute resolution provider. Under certain conditions specified by the
Principles, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. LSC Communications is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC. If LSC Communications shares EU Data with a third-party service provider that processes the data solely on LSC Communications’ behalf, then LSC Communications will be liable for that third party’s
processing of EU Data in violation of the Principles, unless LSC Communications can prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may update, correct or
delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account or
emailing us at: dataprivacy@lsccom.com.
If you wish to
deactivate your account, please email us at dataprivacy@lsccom.com. We may retain certain information as
required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies
of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect theavailability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of
receiving promotional messages from LSC Communications by following the
instructions in those messages. If you opt out, we may still send you
non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing
business relations.
Sale of Personal Information
LSC Communications does not, and will not, sell the personal information of our users. LSC Communications has not sold the personal information of our users for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months.
Your Privacy Rights & Choices
You
may have certain privacy rights afforded to you by law, depending on where you
reside. For example, you may have the right to request: access to the specific
pieces of personal information we have collected about you; additional details
about our information practices, including the categories of personal
information we have collected about you, the categories of sources of such
collection, the business or commercial purpose for collecting personal
information, the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal
information, and the categories of personal information we have disclosed about
you in the preceding 12 months; deletion of your personal information (subject
to certain exceptions); and that we stop selling your personal information. You
may also have the right to receive equal service and price and not be
discriminated against even if you exercise any of your other privacy rights.
LSC Communications chooses to extend these choices to all of its users, even
where the law does not afford such rights. To make a rights request, please
visit this page https://www.lsccom.com/contact. We
will verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your
recent interactions with us, such as information regarding a recent purchase.
You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your
behalf. If you would like to use an authorized, duly registered agent to
exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent
with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority
to submit requests on your behalf.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please, contact us at: LSC Communications Corporate
191 North Wacker Drive
Chicago, IL 60601
Email: dataprivacy@lsccom.com