http://www.lesportsac.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Bag: 0
x
Search
Shop
Explore
Trending
Back
All Trending
New Arrivals
Gifts Under $30
Holiday Gift Ideas
Spotlight: ReCycled
Best Sellers
Heritage
Belt Bags
Styles
Back
All Styles
Handbags
Weekenders
Totes
Backpacks
Tech
Accessories
Gift Cards
Colors
Back
All Colors
Solid Colors
Prints
Collections
Back
All Collections
Classic
ReCycled
Essential
Baby
Collaborations
Back
All Collaborations
LeSportsac x Sesame Street
Hello Kitty x LeSportsac
X-girl x LeSportsac
SoulCycle x LeSportsac
Sale
Back
All Sale
GIFTS UNDER $30
30% OFF ITEMS
50% OFF ITEMS
About LeSportsac
Our Collections
Our Collaborations
Account
Find a Store
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact
Privacy Policy
LeSportsac and each of its respective subsidiary, parent and affiliated companies (collectively referred to herein as "LeSportsac") is deemed to operate this Website (the "Website"). LeSportsac ("we" or "us") recognizes that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy informs you what information we collect on the Website, how we use your information and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of the Website indicates that you have read and accepted our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Policy. In addition, please read our TERMS OF SERVICE which also govern your use of this Website.We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change any portion of this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time. When we amend this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the Privacy Policy. For changes to this Privacy Policy that we consider to be material, we will place a notice on the Website for a reasonable amount of time. If you provide information to us or access or use the Website in any way after this Privacy Policy has been changed, you will be deemed to have unconditionally consented and agreed to such changes. The most current version of this Privacy Policy available on the Website supersedes all previous versions.If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact our Customer Service Department by email at custsrv@lesportsac.com.INFORMATION THAT IS COLLECTED AND STOREDPersonally Identifiable Information: Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") is information that identifies you or could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your name, address, phone number or email address). For example, when you place an order with us, your account information is stored on this Website's server and/or affiliated servers. We may also ask you to provide us with certain PII in connection with the use of this Website, with the services provided by our Customer Service Department or with a promotion or sweepstakes. This information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered, for example, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. This information also may be used to contact you about sales, special offers and new Website features, unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this Website.Non-Personally Identifiable Information: When you visit this Website, our web servers automatically collect Website usage information. Website usage information is non-identifying information that describes how our visitors use and navigate our Website. It can include the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Website, and IP addresses (see below for more information on IP addresses). We also may determine the applicable technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail or similar service. This information is used to analyze and improve this Website and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience.Use of Cookies: We also use "cookies." Cookies are pieces of information that a website either transfers to your computer's hard drive or stores temporarily in your computer's memory for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies for a number of website administrative purposes, however, they are generally used to maintain a visitors session state, for example, to hold selections in a shopping cart. You can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, if your browser does not accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this Website.Use Of IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer or network when you are linked to the Internet. When you request pages from this Website, our servers log your IP address. We may use your IP address for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of the Website. We may associate your IP address with the PII you provide.WE DO NOT COLLECTED INFORMATION FROM CHILDRENWe do not knowingly sell or ship any items ordered through this Website directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 13, nor do we collect any PII from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 18, you should use this Website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any PII to us. If we discover that a person under the age of 13 has provided LeSportsac with PII, LeSportsac will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such person's PII from its system.LESPORTSAC'S USE AND DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED INFORMATIONUse by LeSportsac: We may use your PII to provide you with requested information, services or content, to contact you in connection with a promotion, or for other purposes disclosed when you provide the information. We may also contact you regarding any problems or questions we have relating to your use of our Website, or, in our discretion, notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our Website. We may also use information about our users, including PII, for internal purposes.With Whom Does LeSportsac Share Information?LeSportsac may share your PII with third parties under the following circumstances:Third parties providing services on our behalf: We may engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include: (a) payment processing and authorization, (b) fraud protection and credit risk reduction, (c) product customization, (d) order fulfillment, (e) shipping, (f) marketing and promotional material distribution, (g) Website evaluation, (h) data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where applicable, cleansing, and (i) any other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. These third parties may have access to this Website's user information, including PII, to the extent it is needed to perform their duties and functions.LeSportsac's Security: We may release information about our users, including PII, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws. We may also disclose such user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of LeSportsac or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others.Corporate change: In addition, we reserve the right to disclose, share and/or otherwise transfer user information, including without limitation PII, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business or the sale of substantially all of LeSportsac's assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take. You will be notified via e-mail or prominent notice on our Website prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy.SECURITY FOR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe use various security measures, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, to protect personal information that we collect. Unfortunately, while we work hard to ensure the security of your PII while it is on our systems, no security measures are perfect and data transmitted over the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We cannot and do not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to LeSportsac and you do so at your own risk.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COMPLIANCEWe respect the intellectual property rights of others, as we hope others will respect ours.If you are a copyright owner and believe that any content appearing on the Website has been copied in a way that infringes upon your copyright, you may submit a notification to LeSportsac pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(3), to the Copyright Agent named below:LeSportsac Legal TeamJones Day51 Louisiana Ave. NWWashington, DC 20001LeSportsacTeam@jonesday.com
LeSportsac reserves its right to preserve any and all exemptions from liability that may be available under the DMCA or otherwise, but does not necessarily stipulate that it is a service provider as defined in 17 USC § 512c or elsewhere in the law.
ACCESSING, CORRECTING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by contacting Customer Service at custsrv@lesportsac.com or 1.877.397.6597.UNSUBSCRIBEYou can unsubscribe from receiving promotional material from this Website by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. Additionally you may email us at custsrv@lesportsac.com or call 1.877.397.6597. Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. Please be aware that we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.Even if you are removed from any such list, if you order online, we will send you an email confirming your order and may need to contact you by phone, email, or regular mail if we have questions about your order. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.If you want to opt out of having your PII for a particular purpose, you must opt-out whenever you provide PII to us. Please keep in mind that any opt-out choices you make will not apply in situations where LeSportsac uses your PII for either operational purposes (e.g. to complete transactions requested by you, or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our websites, including any future changes to this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, or any other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our Website) or fulfillment purposes (e.g. sharing with companies that facilitate communications and transactions with you).If you do not exercise your opt-out choices upon registration or otherwise at the time the PII is provided, it may take some time to process your opt-out choices. Our systems require time to update, and promotional mailings using PII shared before your opt-out may already be in process.WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I LINK TO OR FROM ANOTHER WEBSITE?Please be aware that when you are navigating our Website or viewing an email or other content provided by LeSportsac, you may have the opportunity to click on links that take out outside of LeSportsac's service to other websites or online content that are beyond LeSportsac's control. If you "click" on the link to such a third party, the "click" takes you to a third party's website or online content. We have no control over and are not responsible for the content of any third party websites to which you navigate. Please be advised that this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites. We encourage you to be aware of what websites you are visiting and to read the privacy policies that apply to each website that you visit.Notice to California Residents / Your California Privacy Rights: California residents are entitled once a year to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year. Users of our Website have the ability to tell us not to share your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to custsrv@lesportsac.com. Include this Website as the subject line, and your full name, e-mail address, and postal address in your message. Please see the "UNSUBSCRIBE" section of this Privacy Policy for additional information.