http://www.lsharch.co.uk/privacy
About
Portfolio
People
News
Careers
Contact
privacy
Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare Ltd Privacy Policy
Introduction
Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare Limited respects the privacy of every individual who does business with us. We are committed to safeguarding any information that you give to us. This statement outlines what information we may collect from you and how we use that information, as well as how you can check what information we have about you and how you can instruct us to erase that information.
What information we collect?
We may collect and store information you send to us. This information is required for us to do business with you.
Anonymous website analytical statistics may also be collected.
How we use your information
We use the information we collect from you to enable us to do business with you, and on occasion we may use your information for certain commercial communications. The information you provide may also be used to help combat fraud and to identify you before disclosing any confidential information.
Client Account information held in our databaseCompany nameCompany Address(es)Contact namesEmail address, fax and phone numbersContact email address, fax and phone numbersCopies of invoices, statements and other communications we have sent to you.
All of the above is required by Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare Limited to make sure we issue invoices and other communications correctly.We will from time to time email you with updated information that we consider you should know in order to do business with us.The above information can be passed onto Courts, Bailiffs and High Court enforcement officers in line with collecting debt that is owed to us.
Who sees your information?
We may disclose your information to any of our employees, subcontractors or associated companies as reasonably necessary to provide you with our services. We will never sell your information to third parties. Other than as required by law, or as set out in this privacy statement, we will not disclose information about you to any third party without your permission.
Cookies
In order for this website to work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. You can block and/or delete cookies as you wish using your browser settings. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and set your browser to prevent them from being placed in future.
Security
Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare Limited will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent loss, misuse or alteration of the personal information you provide. The transmission of data over the internet is inherently insecure and we cannot therefore guarantee the security of this.
Third party websites
Our website may contain links to external websites that have been created, edited or maintained by third parties. Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare Limited does not accept any responsibility for the privacy policies or practices of third parties.
Your rights
Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare Limited fully complies with all aspects of the General Data Protection Regulation 2018. You may request copies of the personal information we hold about you. You may request to amend any factual inaccuracies or delete any personal information we have on record. Any requests must be directed to us using the following information:Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare LimitedNero BreweryCricket GreenHartley WintneyHampshireRG27 8QAT: 01252 844144E: gdpr@lsharchitects.co.ukAny request may be subject to an administration fee if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
We may from time to time make changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in its legal or regulatory obligations or in the manner in which we deal with your personal information. We will communicate any revised version of this Privacy Policy. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective from the time they are communicated, provided that any change that relates to why we collect, use or disclose your personal information will not apply to you, where your consent is required to such collection, use or disclosure, until we have obtained your consent to such change.
Last Modified
December 2018
LOCATION Lyons+Sleeman+Hoare LtdNero Brewery, Cricket Green,Hartley Wintney, Hook,Hampshire RG27 8QAPRIVACY & COOKIE POLICY
CONNECT
CONTACT EMAIL:enquiries@lsharchitects.co.ukTELEPHONE:+44 1252 844144
Share by: