http://www.chippewaboots.com/policies/privacy
JustinJustin Original WorkTony LamaNoconaChippewa
SHOP
Footwear
USE Work Outdoor
SERIES Cross Terrain Edge Walker Serious Plus Honcho Original
CATEGORY Logger 6 Inch Lace Up 8 Inch Lace Up Pull On / Wellington Snake Wedge Hiking Made In USA Women
FEATURE Safety Toe Waterproof Insulated Electrical Hazard Met Guard Puncture Resisting Heat Resisting
Sale Men Women
Search (mobile)
SEARCH
Justin Brands Policies > Privacy PolicyJustin Brands Privacy & Legal NoticeEffective Date: December 23, 2019
Justin Boots, along with our affiliates (collectively, "Justin Brands") respect your concerns about privacy. This Privacy Notice
describes the types of personal information we collect, including on Justinboots.com (the “Site”), how we use the
information, with whom we share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information. We also
describe measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy
practices.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:Information We ObtainInformation We Obtain About YouInformation We Obtain By Automated MeansHow We Use the Information We ObtainThird-Party AnalyticsOnline Tracking and Interest-Based
AdvertisingInformation We ShareYour ChoicesHow We Protect Personal InformationChildren's Personal InformationAccess to Non-Justin Sites and ServicesUpdates to Our Privacy NoticeHow to Contact UsCalifornia Consumer Privacy StatementCopyright and Trademark NoticeInformation We ObtainInformation We Obtain About YouThe types of personal information we may obtain about you include:Contact information (such as name, telephone number, postal address, email address, birthdate and gender);Payment information, such as credit or debit card number, security code, expiration date and billing address,
which is collected and stored by our third-party payment processor on our behalf;Information used to create your online account and other account-related information (such as username,
password, and security questions and answers);Purchase history and other information about your interest in or use of our products and services;Location data;Social media information, such as social media handles, content and other data shared with us through
third-party features that you use in connection with our Site; andOther information you choose to provide, such as through surveys, emails, sign-up forms, and the "Contact Us"
feature.We also may obtain other information about you, your devices and apps, and your use of our products or services in
ways that we describe at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent.Information We Obtain By Automated Means
WWhen you use our Site or open our emails, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as cookies,
web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s
computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or
settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to
web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web
server.
We may use these automated technologies to collect information about your equipment, browsing actions, and usage
patterns. The information we obtain in this manner may include your IP address, identifiers associated with your
devices, types of devices connected to our Site, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, language
preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, and dates and times of use of our Site. These technologies help
us (1) remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it; (2) track and understand how you use and
interact with our Site; (3) tailor our Site around your preferences; (4) measure the usability of our Site and the
effectiveness of our communications; and (5) otherwise manage and enhance our products and services, and help ensure
they are working properly. We also may receive your device’s geolocation or other information related to your
location through GPS, Bluetooth, WiFi signals and other technologies for certain purposes listed above, such as to
provide you with more tailored information and services. Your device may provide you with a notification when the
Site attempts to collect your precise geolocation.
Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable
certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features
of our Site. For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting
the privacy and security settings on your mobile device.How We Use The Information We Obtain
We may use the personal information we obtain about you to:Provide our products and services to you;Send you emails and other communications about our products, services, events, promotions and brands;Administer your participation in surveys, contests, promotions or other programs;Process orders and payment transactions;Offer discounts;Create and manage your account;Help you locate a Justin retailer;Provide customer support and respond to your requests and inquiries;Personalize your experience with our products and services, such as to tailor content and information we may
communicate to you;Verify your identity and protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, unauthorized
transactions, claims and other liabilities;Operate, evaluate and improve our business, such as developing new products and services; managing, enhancing,
improving and analyzing our products and services; managing our communications; performing data analytics;
generating leads; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns; and
performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions;Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies and terms: Copyright and Trademark Notice; andMaintain and enhance the safety and security of our products and services, network, information, customers,
employees and others.
We also may use the information in other ways which we identify at the time of collection.We also may use the information in other ways which we identify at the time of collection.Third-Party Analytics
We may use third party web analytics services on our Site, such as Google Analytics. These vendors help us analyze
how visitors use our Site. The analytics providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies,
web beacons and web server logs to help us analyze your use of our Site. The information collected through these
means (including IP address) may be disclosed to these analytics providers, and other relevant third parties who use
the information to evaluate use of our products and services. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit
www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising
On our Site, we may obtain information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products
and services tailored to your interests. This section of our Privacy Notice provides details and explains how to
exercise your choices.
You may see our ads on other websites because we use third-party ad services. Through such ad services, we can
target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests and browsing context. These
services track your online activities over time and across multiple websites by collecting information through
automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies.
The ad services use this information to show you ads that may be tailored to your individual interests. The
information these ad services may collect includes data about your visits to websites that serve our advertisements,
such as the pages or ads you view and the actions you take on the websites. This data collection takes place both on
our Site and on third-party websites and apps that participate in these ad services. This process also helps us
track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
To learn how to opt out of interest-based advertising in the U.S., please visit www.aboutads.info/choices,
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, and http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/.Our Site is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers.Information We Share
We may share your personal information with our affiliates, and with our joint marketing partners, for the purposes
described in this Privacy Notice. We also may share personal information with service providers who perform services
on our behalf. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose personal information except as
necessary to perform services or to comply with legal requirements.
We also may disclose personal information (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court
order or subpoena); (2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials in response to legal requests;
(3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to
prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual
illegal activity; or (6) otherwise with your consent.
We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or
a portion of our business or assets, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization,
divestiture, dissolution or liquidation.Your Choices
You may at any time ask us to stop sending you marketing emails or other promotional communications. To update your
preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as
described in the How to Contact Us section below. You may also update your preferences online through your account,
if available.How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information against
accidental, unlawful or unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or use.Children’s Personal Information
Our Site is designed for a general audience and are not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit
personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) through our Site. If we become aware that we have
collected personal information from a child under thirteen (13), we will promptly delete the information from our
records. If you believe a child under thirteen (13) may have provided us with personal information, please contact
us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Notice.Access To Non-Justin Sites And Services
For your convenience and information, our Site may provide access (such as through links, plug-ins or widgets) to
non Justin websites, apps and services that may be operated by companies not affiliated with us. The privacy
practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, is subject
to the privacy notices of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the
privacy practices of any Non-Justin websites, apps or services.Updates To Our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will
indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated. For significant changes, we will notify you by
posting a notice on our Site.How To Contact Us
You can update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, submit a request or ask
us questions about this Privacy Notice by contacting customerservice@justinboots.com or writing to us at:
CCPA Data Manager
Justin Brands
610 W. Daggett Ave.
Fort Worth, TX 76104California Consumer Privacy StatementEffective Date: January 1, 2020This California Consumer Privacy Statement supplements the Justin Brands Privacy Notice and applies solely
to California consumers. This Statement does not apply to our personnel or job applicants.This California Consumer Privacy Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the
California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).1. Notice of Collection and Use of Personal InformationWe may collect the following categories of personal information about you:Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar
technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent
or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name,
and other similar identifiers
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, physical characteristics or
description, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law,
such as age, sex, and genderCommercial Information: commercial information, including records of products or services
purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendenciesOnline Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but
not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites,
applications or advertisementsGeolocation DataSensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, and similar informationInferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a
profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions,
behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.We may use the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Privacy Notice.
In addition, we may use these categories of personal information for certain business purposes specified in the
CCPA, as described in this list:Purposes:Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts,
providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer
information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics
services, or providing similar servicesCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesPurposes:Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent
transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying
positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing complianceCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesPurposes:Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the
contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interactionCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesPurposes:Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive,
fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activityCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesPurposes:Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended
functionalityCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesPurposes:Undertaking internal research for technological development and
demonstrationCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesPurposes:Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of
a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to
improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or
controlled by usCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and Inferences2. Our Prior Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationWe may have collected and used your personal information, as described in Section 1 above, during the 12-month
period prior to the effective date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement. For the personal information
collected during that timeframe, we describe below: (a) the categories of sources from which we may have
obtained the personal information, (b) the categories of third parties with whom we may have shared the
information, (c) the categories of personal information we may have sold, and (d) the categories of personal
information we may have disclosed for a business purpose.a. Sources of Personal InformationWe may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, as described below.Categories of Sources of Data Collection:Directly from you, such as when you
make a purchaseCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Sources of Data Collection:From your devices, such as when you
visit our websiteCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity;Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Sources of Data Collection:Your family or friends, such as when
they provide us with your contact information so we can send information that may interest youCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Protected Classifications;
Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; and InferencesCategories of Sources of Data Collection:Our affiliatesCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Sources of Data Collection:Vendors who provide services on our
behalfCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Sources of Data Collection:Our joint marketing partnersCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Sources of Data Collection:Social networksCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Protected Classifications;
Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Sources of Data Collection:Online advertising companiesCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and Inferencesb. Sharing of Personal InformationWe may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.Categories of Third Parties:Our affiliatesCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Third Parties:Vendors who provide services on our behalfCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Third Parties:Professional services organizations, such as
auditors and law firmsCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Third Parties:Our joint marketing partnersCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Third Parties:Online advertising servicesCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Third Parties:Data analytics providersCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Third Parties:Government entitiesCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal.
Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation
Data; Sensory Information and InferencesCategories of Third Parties:Social networksCategories of Personal Information:Identifiers; Protected Classifications;
Commercial Information; Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information and Inferencesc. Sale of Personal InformationWe may allow certain third parties (such as certain advertising partners) to collect your personal information
via automated technologies on our sites in exchange for non-monetary consideration such as an enhanced ability
to serve you content and advertisements that may be of interest to you. You have the right to opt out of this
disclosure of your information, as detailed below.During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement, we may
have sold the following categories of personal information:IdentifiersCommercial informationOnline ActivitiesInferencesWe do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization if we
have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.d. Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business PurposeWe may have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose all of the categories of personal information about
you listed in Section 1 above.3. California Consumer Privacy RightsYou have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as described below.Access: You may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to
you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12
months.Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have
collected from you.Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with
(1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third
parties.How to Submit a Request: To submit an access or deletion request, click here or call us at 1-800-550-7327. To submit a Shine the Light request, email us at customerservice@justinboots.com. To
opt-out of the sale of your personal information, click here or email us at customerservice@justinboots.com
Verifying Requests: To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to
verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If
you request access to or deletion of your personal information, we may require you to provide any of the
following information: driver’s license, utility bill or bank statement. In addition, if you ask us to provide
you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of
perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.
If you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (1)
we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (2) for access and deletion
requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above).Additional Information: If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have
the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may
charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. This Statement is available in alternative formats upon
request. Please contact customerservice@justinboots.com or 1-800-550-7327, between the hours of 7:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M.
CST to request this Statement in an alternative format.Copyright and Trademark NoticeCopyright © 2020 by Justin Brands All Rights Reserved. All materials contained on this site are subject to the ownership rights of Justin Brands and its suppliers. Justin Brands hereby authorizes you to make a single copy of the content herein for your use in learning about, evaluating, or ordering Justin Brands' merchandise. You agree that any copy made must include Justin Brands' copyright notice. No other permission is granted to you to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify the content contained on this website.This site also contains trademarks of Justin Brands protected under United States and International Trademarks laws. Use of such marks without Justin Brands' written permission is strictly prohibited.
No errors
No errors
Free Standard Shipping onpre-tax orders over $99. Does NOT include shipments to Alaska and Hawaii.
See our complete shipping policy.