http://www.laurenec.com/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use-2/
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | Lauren
Services
EPC/EPCM
Engineering
Procurement
Construction
Fabrication
Modularization
Projects
Power Generation
Refining
Petrochemicals
Oil and Gas-Midstream
Oil and Gas-Upstream
Chemicals/Process
Modular
About
Company Overview
Keys to Success
What Drives Us
Leadership
Safety
Sustainability
In the Community
Newsroom
News Releases
Timeline
Awards
Careers
Career Overview
Job Openings
Contact
Home > Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Lauren Engineers & Constructors, Inc. (“Lauren”) respects the privacy of our affiliates, clients and visitors to our Website. While offering our Website users the advantages and convenience of Web-based technologies, we also strive to employ practices that ensure information collected about affiliates, clients and visitors is used conscientiously and appropriately.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose and transfer the personal information that you provide to us or that we collect about you when you access and use our Website.
This privacy notice does not encompass other websites referenced by us in print, online or in e-mail. Other websites you visit — including those linked from the Lauren Website — may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other website that you visit, as we are not responsible for maintaining your privacy once you leave the Lauren website.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 6, 2016. We may change this Privacy Policy periodically so please check back regularly to keep informed of updates.
Information Collection and Use
When you visit our Website to read or browse through Website material or to download information, certain information is collected automatically.
For example, Lauren may collect and store the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the browser software and operating system of your computer, the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to Lauren’s site.
The information collected is used to determine things such as the most popular pages viewed at the Website, the average number of visits to the Website and the average time spent at the site.
We also may use this information, in aggregate form, for system maintenance and to better understand how our visitors use our site and services so that we can make them better. Lauren may also share statistical or demographic information in aggregate form with third parties for marketing or research purposes. This aggregate data will not contain any information that personally identifies you.
We collect your email address and other personally identifiable information only if you communicate with us by email or supply such information voluntarily, such as completing a survey on the Contact Form [link]. Lauren does not enable “cookies” on our Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
The intellectual property rights in the Website and copyright in all material stored, displayed and accessible on the Website is either owned by Lauren Engineers & Constructors, Inc. or duly licensed by third parties. All such rights are reserved.
Lauren’s logos, trademarks, service marks and images used on the Website are the property of Lauren Engineering & Constructors, Inc. and may not be used without permission from Lauren and then only with proper acknowledgment.
Disclaimer
While Lauren attempts to ensure that only accurate information is presented on this Website, Lauren assumes no responsibility for, and makes no representations with respect to, the accuracy of any information presented here. Therefore, all materials and information are presented “AS IS,” and Lauren expressly disclaims any implied or expressed warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property relating to such material. In no event shall Lauren be liable for any damages whatsoever arising from or related to your access to, or use of, our Website or the information or material presented herein.
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
By using the Website, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms of Use and you agree to the processing of your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy as outlined above.
If you do not agree with these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you should not use the Website.
© 2019 Lauren Engineers & Constructors.
|
Privacy Policy
|
Employee Login
Designed by Eisenberg And Associates