http://www.coxwealth.com/privacy.cfm
Privacy Notice
Cox Wealth Management LLC, (“CWM”), along with its sister companies Cox Financial Centers, Inc. and Legacy Trust Administration Services, Inc. (The Cox Financial Group of Companies) is committed to protecting client privacy and maintaining client trust. That is why CWM wants their clients to understand how they protect client privacy when they collect and use information about their clients, and the steps that they take to safeguard that information.
Please read this to learn how we will handle client (private) personal information:
Information CWM Collects (About their Clients):
In connection with providing tax advice, consulting or other services, CWM obtains non-public (or private) personal information about clients, including:
Information they receive from clients, such as their address, date of birth, social security number, occupation, financial goals, assets and income;Information about client transactions with CWM, their affiliates, or others; andInformation received from credit or service bureaus or other third parties, such as a client’s credit and medical history or Employment status.
Categories of Information CWM Discloses:
CWM may be required to disclose any information that they collect to federal or state regulators, government agencies and under court orders. Cox Wealth Management LLC and its affiliates do not sell customer lists and will not sell or disclose a client’s name or information to telemarketers or any non-authorized person.
Disclosure of Client Information to Third Parties:
In some cases, it may be beneficial to share financial information with a trusted third party, such as a family member or other professional(s) with whom a client may work with, such as their Attorney or CPA. As this information is protected by federal and state privacy laws, written permission is required to share client information with any third party. A signed Privacy Waiver Form must be obtained from the client prior to sharing any financial information with any third party as designated on the form. For joint accounts, each account owner needs to complete the form, and the information on each form must be the same. Signed forms must be maintained in CWM client files per regulations.
(Third Parties to Whom CWM Discloses Client Information):
CWM will disclose information regarding a client or their account with CWM, under the following circumstances:To American Portfolios Financial Services, Inc. (“APFS”), (a broker-dealer firm) and their RegisteredRepresentative and his or her manager for regulatory and supervision of client accounts;Cox Wealth Management LLC permits Registered Representatives of American Portfolios Financial Services, Inc. and Associated Persons of Cox Wealth Management LLC that terminate their affiliation with Richard L. Cox, Sr to make copies of their files,To CWM’s sister companies or their affiliates, to extent permitted by law for processing client transactions;To entities that perform services for you or on your behalf, including financial service providers, such as a clearing broker-dealer, (for example APFS or Pershing), Investment Advisory Firm such as American Portfolios Advisors, Inc., an investment company, or an insurance company, with whom you have a business relationship.To consumer reporting agencies,To third parties who perform services or marketing on CWM’s behalf,(such as Emerald Publications);To our attorneys, accountants or auditors; andTo government entities or other third parties in response to subpoenas or other legal process as required by law or to comply with regulatory inquiries.
How CWM Uses (Client) Information:
Inormation may be used by American Portfolios Financial Services, Inc. American Portfolios Advisors, Inc. and other companies that perform support services for CWM, such as billing, data processing, technical (computer) systems consultants and programmers, or companies that help them market products and services to clients for a number of purposes such as:
To protect client accounts from unauthorized access or identity theft;To process client requests such as orders and requestsTo establish or maintain an account with an unaffiliated third party, such as a clearing broker-dealer or Investment advisory firm (APFS, APA & Pershing) providing services to the client and/or Cox Wealth Management LLC;To service client accounts, such as requesting checks and account statements;To comply with Federal, State and Self-Regulatory Organization requirements;To keep clients informed about financial services of interest to them.For Supervision and Monitoring for suitability and regulatory requirements.
CWMs Security Policy:
CWM restrict(s) access to nonpublic (or private) personal information about clients to those individuals who “need to know” that information to provide products or services to clients and perform their respective duties. CWM maintain(s) physical (locked doors), electronic surveillance with central monitoring, electronic (password protection, encryption and firewalls) and procedural (back up computer systems with data archived nightly) and other security measures to safeguard confidential client information.
Closed or Inactive Accounts:
If a client decide(s) to close their account(s) or become an inactive customer, (meaning they no longer respond to CWM contacts and do not execute transactions through CWM), this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to that client.
Complaint Notification:
Direct complaints to: Cox Wealth Management LLC. 6031 Shallowford Road. Suite 109. Chattanooga. TN 37421-1984. Telephone: 423-894-3882
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
If any substantial changes are made in the way CWM use(s) or disseminate(s) confidential information, (each client will be notified).  If there are any questions concerning this Privacy Policy, please write to: Cox Wealth Management LLC. 6031 Shallowford Road. Suite 109. Chattanooga. TN 37421-1984. Or Telephone: 423-894-3882
Securities offered through American Portfolios Financial Services, Inc. , Member FINRA/SIPC
Investment advisory services offered through American Portfolios Advisors, Inc. a SEC Registered Investment Adviser
Cox Wealth Management, LLC. is independent of American Portfolios Financial Services Inc. and American Portfolios Advisors, Inc.