http://www.performancefluids.co.uk/terms-conditions/
+44 (0)1282 878240
sales@performancefluids.co.uk
Home
Case Studies
Contact
Rubber IndustryPRODUCTS
Food IndustryPRODUCTS
FluorinatedPRODUCTS
SpecialistPRODUCTS
Terms & Conditions
1.WEBSITE OPERATOR
This website is operated by Performance Fluids Limited. Our Company is registered in England – Registration Number is 3934798. Our VAT Number is GB 757 5215 15. Our registered office is at Suite 101, Lomeshaye Business Village, Turner Road, Nelson, Lancashire, BB9 7DR, UK. You can telephone us on +44 (0)1282 878240 or fax us on +44 (0)1282 878241 or email us at sales@performancefluids.co.uk.
2.LICENSE
2.1 Performance Fluids Limited grants you a non-exclusive licence to use this website upon the following Terms and Conditions.
2.2 We may terminate this license at any time without notice.
3.MATERIALS IN WEBSITE
3.1 This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to the Operator. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. It is protected by intellectual property laws including, but not limited to Copyright.
3.2 You may view, use, download and store the material on this website for personal use or for the purpose of conducting business with us. Commercial use is not permitted. The re-distribution, re-publication, or otherwise making available of the material on this website to third parties, without our prior written consent is prohibited.
3.3 Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
4.ACCURACY OF INFORMATION
4.1 The information in this website is given in good faith and for general information and interest only. It is subject to change without notice. We are not responsible for any inaccuracies and (except as set out in clause 6.3) make no representation and give no warranty as to its accuracy.
4.2 The information in this website should not be relied on and does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation. By using this website you confirm that you have not relied on any such information. Any arrangements made between you and any third party named or referred to on the website are entirely at your sole risk and responsibility.
5.LINKING
5.1 This website may contain links to other websites. We accept no responsibility or liability for the content of other websites which are not under our strict control. Any link is not intended to be, nor should be construed as, an endorsement of any kind by us of that other website.
5.2 You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without our prior written consent.
6. LIABILITY
6.1 We do not guarantee that use of this website will be compatible with all hardware and software which may be used by visitors to the site.
6.2 Except as set out in Clause 6.3, we will be under no liability to you whatsoever whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, restitution or otherwise for any injury, death, damage or direct, indirect or consequential loss (all three of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and like loss) howsoever caused arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or the use, accessing, downloading or relying on any information or other materials contained in this website, including, without limitation, as a result of any computer virus.
6.3 These Terms and Conditions do not exclude our liability (if any) to you for personal injury or death resulting from our negligence, for fraud or for any matter which it would be illegal for us to exclude or to attempt to exclude our liability.
7. PRIVACY
Our Privacy Policy forms part of these Terms and Conditions.
8. COMPLETE AGREEMENT
These Terms and Conditions (including the Privacy Policy referred to in Clause 7) contain all the terms which you and the Operator have agreed in relation to the use of the website.
9. JURISDICTION AND ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This website is controlled and operated by Performance Fluids Limited, from our offices in England. The formation, existence, construction, performance, validity in all aspects whatsoever of these Terms and Conditions or of any term of these Terms and Conditions or any dispute in relation to the materials contained in this website shall be governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or use of the website.
9.1 Your continued use of this website indicates your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Copyright 2017 Performance Fluids Ltd.
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Trade
Contact
Follow @LubricantsUK