http://www.eteam.com/about/legal/
×
Request a Demo
HYPER-LOCAL RISK INTELLIGENCE FOR PROACTIVE THREAT MONITORING AND MITIGATION
Risk Center
EverbridgeProductsRisk Center
How Risk Center Works Risk Center integrates technology and resources around all-hazards information collection and analysis, enhancing your ability to monitor, analyze, and respond to risk. Combining thousands of the most trustworthy data sources with an experienced team of analysts at our Risk Intelligence Monitoring Center (RIMC), Risk Center’s targeted real-time alerting streamlines your organization’s ability to monitor and analyze worldwide incidents and events, dramatically increasing your ability to respond to risks that threaten your people and organization, locally and globally.
This comprehensive, configurable online solution delivers actionable information that helps reduce risk wherever your people live, work or travel.
LEARN MORE: DATA SHEET              See Risk Center in Action              Risk Intelligence White Paper
How Risk Center Works
Keep Employees SafeSatisfy Duty of Care obligations with real-time risk assessment and hyper-local data of the threat landscape wherever your employees live, work, and travel. Through targeted real-time alerting, organizations can proactively monitor and analyze domestic or worldwide incidents and events, dramatically increasing the ability to respond to risks that threaten people and organizations. Risk Center is scalable to hundreds of thousands of assets and millions of contacts.
Protect Supply ChainImprove your overall understanding of risk drivers and geographical concentration of risk to speed your ability to mitigate supply chain disruptions. Risk Center offers contextual data layers that can help you shape an appropriate response based on real-time conditions. Gain actionable insight into current weather conditions and traffic flow. Gain quicker understanding of who and what is at risk. Select an alert and Risk Center displays the details, including a list of potentially affected assets.
Improve Overall Situational AwarenessProactively manage day-to-day challenges and respond to disasters when they arise with a complete and shared understanding of critical events, incidents, and threats your organization faces. One common operating platform helps keep everyone in-the-know with what’s happening around them in real time. Communicate with persons at risk, responders, stakeholders, and those on a need-to-know basis using pre-defined communication templates.
Hyper-Local Real-Time Intelligence Vetted, customized, hyper-local data is essential to proactive incident risk management. The RIMC strives to identify relevant risk events quickly while providing an appropriate level of detail. Our hyper-local profiling capabilities allow you to get details on even small-scale events with the potential to impact your organization while filtering out the noise that might otherwise obscure them. Our proven analytical process combines automation, machine learning, and analysts to generate relevant intel quickly, at a high degree of confidence and with minimal duplication. The more granular the data, the more actionable your intelligence becomes.
Case Studies
Super Bowl
Learn how RIMC analysts create special event briefings and situation reports for large-scale events like the annual Super Bowl to streamline relevant intelligence.
read more
21st Century Fox
Take a firsthand look at how 21st Century Fox uses Risk Center to help identify and prioritize potential threats, act on the intelligence provided, and avoid, transfer, reduce, and triage risk. Risk Center also helps the organization fulfill their legal responsibilities in providing a safe environment for everyone involved in an event.
Read More
Related Resources
Risk Intelligence White Paper
Take a deep dive into this white paper to learn how the RIMC provides organizations with unprecedented visibility into the threats and incidents that can impact people and businesses.
Read More
Risk Center Data Sheet
Learn how Risk Center offers robust data configuration options to keep your organization focused on relevant risk events. This data sheet offers information on integration with existing intelligence, different plans to get the data you want, and the benefits of hyper-local granular data.
Read More
OnDemand Webinar
Watch Risk Center in action and gain valuable insights through customer use cases, RIMC capabilities, and ways to leverage the right intelligence to act quickly, protect employees, and keep operations running.
Read More
Related Products
Safety Connection
Know where your people are based on their static, last known, and expected location.
Visual Command Center
Gain one common operating picture with powerful visualization and orchestration.
Mass Notification
Keeps everyone informed before, during, and after critical events with targeted communications and workflow automation.
see us in action!
Request a demo or just call us at 888-366-4911
& acceptable use policy