https://www.reliance.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Standard Product Range
Specialist Areas of Technology
Overview
Gears and Geared Systems
Quadrupole Mass Filters
Opto-Mechanical Assemblies
Clean/High Vacuum Assembly
Space
Life Sciences
Design
Overview
Design Engineering
Design Verification
Design Capabilities
Case Studies
Manufacture
Overview
Capabilities
Case Studies
Quality
About
Overview
History
Sectors We Serve
Careers & Vacancies
Environmental Policies
Quality Management
Statutory Details
Apprenticeship Scheme
News
Latest News
Exhibitions and Events
Twitter
Contact
Help
Privacy Policy
Reliance Precision Limited does not collect personal information about you unless you choose to submit that information to us.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
When you visit the Reliance web sites, we store the following: the IP address from which you access the Internet, the date and time, the Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site, the name of the file or the words you searched, and the browser used to access our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the various sections of our site and identify system performance or problem areas. We also use this information to help us expand the coverage of the sites and to make the site more useful. We periodically delete our web logs.
Personal Data
If you choose to provide us with personal data by sending an email, or by filling out a form with your personal data and submitting it through our web sites, we use that data to respond to your message and to help us provide you with information or material that you request. On occasion, we may conduct a study concerning the types of questions sent to us. These studies help us to improve our web sites in order to make them more responsive to the needs of our users. We do not give, share, sell, or transfer any personal data to a third party.  The legal basis for us processing your personal data is that it is in our legitimate interests to do so.
If you would like to have a copy of the personal data that we hold about you or if you think that we hold incorrect personal data about you please contact us. We will correct any errors in personal data within a month of notification.
You have the right to ask us to delete your personal data or restrict how it is used.  There may be exceptions to this right which we will tell you about if they apply.
If you have submitted personal data through the Reliance web sites and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us. We will use reasonable efforts to delete this information from our existing files.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer when your browser opens a website. Cookies are used by websites to perform a variety of functions, for example to help you navigate around the site, to remember your preferences for future visits to the site, to log statistics about the number of visitors to the site, to deliver on-line shopping experiences effectively and to provide tailored advertising. The Reliance Precision web sites do not use cookies for advertising, nor do we provide links to third party websites for advertising use. We do not use third party tracking cookies, with the exception of Google Analytics, which records statistics of the number of visitors to our site; information collected by these cookies is anonymous. Reliance uses cookies as part of the operation of our content management system, allowing us to put information about our products and services on our sites, as part of our on-line shopping facility, to track your shopping session and verify that it is authenticated in order to offer a more secure e-commerce environment, and as part of offering our customers different language options for the websites.
Information about deleting or controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site, in particular the function of the on-line shop to:
Add products to your shopping cart
Log on or create an account
View or modify personal account information, including previous orders
Proceed through the checkout process
Declining E-mail Offers
All e-mail offers that you receive from Reliance will inform you of how to opt out of receiving further e-mail offers.
Who to Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or about our personal data policies in general please contact us.
We use cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Please close to accept or find out more.Accept Cookies