http://www.healthcards.com/policy.shtml
High-Capacity Cards | Easy Access | Membership Management | Resource Tracking | MedAlert Cards
Privacy Policy
Introduction
HEALTH CARD SOLUTIONS respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at HEALTH CARD SOLUTIONS' Web site.
Part I. Information Collection
HEALTH CARD SOLUTIONS collects information through our Web site at several points.
We collect the following information about primary visitors: Name, Company Name, and Email Address.
We collect the following general data that is not personally identifiable information Name, Company Name, Email Address. We collect demographic data in order to contact prospective customers.
We do not verify the accuracy of this information when submitted, we only use it for answering inquiries.
We do NOT employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies would enable HEALTH CARD SOLUTIONS to track usage patterns and deliver customized content to users.
Part II. Information Usage.
The information collected by HEALTH CARD SOLUTIONS will be used for answering inquiries and general marketing. Users who provide information may receive update on products and services by email.
The information we collect may or may not be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We will not supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources.
We will not share data with any third parties.
We offer links to other Web sites. Please note: When you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours.
Our Web site may offer chats, forums or message boards. Please be advised that information posted in these venues becomes public knowledge.
If our policy on information collection or uses changes, will advise you by updating this statement immediately.
Part III. Access to Information
HEALTH CARD SOLUTIONS maintains the accuracy of our information by receiving information from the user. Users may access their own personal information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact HEALTH CARD SOLUTIONS by Phone or Email. We are committed to resolving disputes within a reasonable period of time.
Your Personal Information is Secure
Any personal information you send through our website is NOT shared with any third-parties. Information collected through PayPal or Google Analytics is only used by us. We respect your privacy and will not sell your personal infomation.
Foothuggers uses Google Analytics cookies to track our website traffic. We use your non-personal information to tailor our website for our customers.
How does Google use cookies for Google Analytics?
Google Analytics is Google’s free web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how their visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics collects information anonymously, and much like examining footprints in sand, it reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. Analytics uses its own cookie to track visitor interactions. The cookie is used to store information, such as what time the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site referred the visitor to the web page.
Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so they can improve their website and how people find it. A different cookie is used for each website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites. Analytics requires that all websites that use it must update their privacy policy to include a notice that fully discloses the use of Analytics. To disable this type of cookie, some browsers will indicate when a cookie is being sent and allow you to decline cookies on a case-by-case basis. In addition to declining cookies, you can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on in your browser, which prevents Google Analytics from collecting information about your website visits.
Call us today at: (651) 257-3030
or use our Contact Page to send questions / comments.
High-Capacity Cards | Easy Access | Membership Management | Resource Tracking | MedAlert Cards
Customer Support Center | Card Reader Support | Card Printer / Encoder Support | Reader Writer Support
Health Card Solutions | System Solutions | Products | Services | About HCS | Customer Testimonials
FAQs | HCS Policy | Link to HealthCards.com | HCS Resources | HCS Sitemap | Contact HCS