http://www.quickenloans.com/about/legal/email-policy
E-mail Policy Terms & Conditions | Quicken Loans
bellcheckchevron downcrosspaper plane
Quicken Loans
Español
(800) 251-9080
Apply Now
Sign In
Learning Center
Refinance
Refinance Guide
Lower Your Payment
Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster
Refinance with HARP
Consolidate Your Debt
Get Cash From Your Home
Refinance Investment Property
Contact a Refinance Expert
Buy a House
Home Buyer's Guide
First-time Homebuyer
Buying a Vacation Home
Real Estate Investors
Corporate Relocation
Contact a Home Buying Expert
Home Loans
Compare All Home Loans
Adjustable Rate Mortgage
30-Year Fixed
15-Year Fixed
FHA Loan
VA Loan
USDA Loan
Jumbo Loan
YOURgage ®
HARP Refinance
Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rates Today
Email & Text Updates
Calculators
See All Calculators
Refinance Mortgage Calculator
Purchase Mortgage Calculator
Rent vs. Buy Calculator
Home Affordability Calculator
Amortization Calculator
About Us
Who We Are
Our Mortgage Process
Quicken Loans Deposit
About Appraisals
Community Involvement
Careers
Press Room
Affiliate Program
Real Estate Agent Resources
Contact Us
Learning Center
Refinance
Refinance Guide
Lower Your Payment
Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster
Refinance with HARP
Consolidate Your Debt
Get Cash From Your Home
Refinance Investment Property
Contact a Refinance Expert
Buy a House
Home Buyer's Guide
First-time Homebuyer
Buying a Vacation Home
Real Estate Investors
Corporate Relocation
Contact a Home Buying Expert
Home Loans
Compare All Home Loans
Adjustable Rate Mortgage
30-Year Fixed
15-Year Fixed
FHA Loan
VA Loan
USDA Loan
Jumbo Loan
YOURgage ®
HARP Refinance
Mortgage Rates
Mortgage Rates Today
Email & Text Updates
Calculators
See All Calculators
Refinance Mortgage Calculator
Purchase Mortgage Calculator
Rent vs. Buy Calculator
Home Affordability Calculator
Amortization Calculator
About Us
Who We Are
Our Mortgage Process
Quicken Loans Deposit
Home Appraisal Headquarters
Community Involvement
Careers
Press Room
Affiliate Program
Real Estate Agent Resources
Contact Us
Español
(800) 251-9080
Apply Now
Sign In
Home
&vert Legal & Regulatory
&vert Email & Mobile Policy
Email Policy
The Quicken Loans family of companies (including, but not limited to, Rock
Financial, Rock Holdings, and Amrock Inc.) (collectively "Company") are
dedicated to revolutionizing the home financing process. A big part of that
"revolution" is based upon prompt and convenient communication with our clients,
vendors and others. For that reason, we offer various means of communication
including Email, fax, telephone, chat, snail-mail, express mail, voice mail,
etc. To demonstrate our commitment to prompt and convenient communications,
we have adopted the following terms and conditions, regarding Email, which are
incorporated by reference into all Emails sent and received by our Team Members
(i.e., our employees). Our communications with you via Email are conditioned
upon your agreement to the following terms.
EMAIL IN GENERAL
Email is an effective means of communicating a message. However, due to its
brief and informal nature, Email may not accurately represent the entire or
final disposition of a matter or the official business records of the Company.
In most instances, communications on a particular matter are exchanged through
multiple channels such as through Emails, faxes, voicemails, letters, IM,
telephone, and in person. Indeed, communications on a particular matter may
be exchanged through multiple channels, all at the same time, such as when
an Email responds to a voicemail, a fax follows-up a personal meeting, a
voicemail responds to an Email, etc. Accordingly, Email, by itself, may not
accurately reflect the complete communication or intent of the Company as
to the subject matter referred to within the communication, nor constitute
an official business record of the Company. All official matters should be
subsequently confirmed in signed writings. Also, the mere receipt of an Email
by the Company may not put the Company on notice, timely or otherwise, of the
matters contained within that Email.
EMAILS ARE GENERALLY NOT FORMAL SIGNED WRITINGS; E-SIGN DISCLAIMER
Unless there is explicit and specific language and disclosures to the contrary,
Emails from our Company do not contain or constitute an electronic signature,
even if the sender's name appears in the Email. Email communications are not
intended to be construed against the Company as an interest rate lock, an
unconditional loan commitment, an unconditional loan approval, unconditional
qualification, or any unconditional
offer or agreement to lend. Such documents and agreements are generally
sent to clients in formal signed writings from the Company.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Emails sent by our Team Members are confidential (and all attachments to such
Emails are confidential) and are to be reviewed and/or disclosed to only the
individual or entity to whom they are addressed and intended. If you received
an Email in error or if it was improperly forwarded to you, the information
contained in the Email should, at all times, remain confidential and such
circumstances shall not authorize you to use or disclose the confidential
information. Please notify the sender immediately by telephone or Email, and
delete or destroy the original and any copies. Any unauthorized use, disclosure,
reproduction, or distribution is strictly prohibited. Emails marked as
"Confidential" contain confidential and/or proprietary information that is
disclosed under the condition that you treat and maintain such information
strictly in a confidential manner and in compliance with applicable privacy
laws (including but not limited to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act) and that you
ensure such information is not disclosed or used by others, except for the
limited and confidential purpose for which it is being provided. By accepting
and reviewing Confidential information provided by the Company, you agree to
indemnify and hold the Company harmless against any and all claims, losses,
liabilities, or expenses, including attorney's fees that the Company may
incur as a result of the unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential
information due to your acts or omissions.
PRIVILEGED INFORMATION
Emails exchanged with or involving our Legal Team may contain privileged
information subject to the attorney client privilege and/or the attorney work
product privilege. Such privileged information shall not be waived if you
receive an Email in error or if it was improperly forwarded to you. If you
are not the intended recipient of privileged information, please notify the
sender immediately by telephone or Email and delete or destroy the original
and any copies. Any unauthorized use, disclosure, reproduction, or distribution
of confidential or privileged information is strictly prohibited.
TIME SENSITIVE INSTRUCTIONS & OFFICIAL MATTERS; FILTERS
Do not use Email to communicate time-sensitive instructions or official company
matters; they may not be received or reviewed by the appropriate Team Member
in a timely manner. All Emails are processed through various virus and spam
filters which may delay or reject the delivery of an Email altogether. Urgent
matters should be communicated in person directly with the person of concern
via telephone and then confirmed in writing with the appropriate person via
fax or Email. The Company reserves the right to block any Email source it deems inappropriate.
BUSINESS PURPOSES
The Company's Email facilities are to be used only for conducting business
with our Company. Vendors, suppliers, clients and others receiving Email from
our Team Members may not use our Team Member's Email address or contact information
(or any other person's Email address appearing on or in Company Email) for
any purpose other than corresponding with our Company for lawful and legitimate
business purposes relating to the business of our Company. The receipt of an
Email is not our Company's consent, nor our Team Member's consent, for you to
use our Team Member's Email address or contact information for direct marketing
purposes or for transfers of data to third-parties, and such use is strictly prohibited.
MONITORING OF COMMUNICATIONS
All Emails sent to or from our Team Members may be forwarded, monitored, and/or
reviewed by others within our Company other than the designated recipient/sender
with or without notice to the designated recipient/sender. We may also record or
monitor other forms of communications you have with us via the website, PC-talk,
chat, Email, and telephone. By using such communications methods you are
consenting to the recording or monitoring of the same.
UNSECURED TRANSMISSIONS
You should be aware that regular Email is typically sent via the Internet which
is an open network. While certain designated areas within our websites employ
technologies to secure your data and the transmissions between you and our Company,
general Email uses the Internet which is an open system and we cannot provide
absolute assurances that all Email transmissions (sent or received) are secure,
error free, not corrupted, incomplete or virus free and/or that they won't be lost,
misdelivered, destroyed, delayed, or intercepted/decrypted by others. Therefore the
Company advises against sending sensitive or personally identifiable information,
over Email, and disclaims all liability with regard to Emails (and the contents therein)
if they are corrupted, lost, destroyed, delayed, incomplete, misdelivered,
intercepted, decrypted or otherwise misappropriated by others.
VIRUSES
Computer viruses can be transmitted via Email through Email content, attachments
to Emails and embedded links. Although our Emails are believed to be free of any
virus or other defects that might affect computer systems in which they are
received and opened, it is the recipient's responsibility to ensure that any
Email they open is virus free. The Company is not responsible for any loss or
damage arising in any way from the receipt, use, storage or transmission of our
Emails. If our Company forwards an Email or replies to a prior Email, the contents
may have been produced by someone other than our Company or our Team Members
for which the Company assumes no liability whatsoever. THE COMPANY DISCLAIMS
ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT COMPANY EMAILS ARE VIRUS FREE AND/OR ERROR
FREE. The use of Email to introduce any virus, malicious or disabling code,
or to otherwise interfere with the Company's Email transmissions, telecommunication,
or computer networks is prohibited and against the law; violators will be
prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
PROHIBITED EMAIL CONTENT
All of our Team Members are prohibited from using Email to make or send any type
of menacing, defamatory, discriminatory, harassing, offensive or threatening
statements/materials, or statement/materials that infringe the copyrights or
legal rights of others in Email. Such communications are against Company policy
and outside the scope of our Team Member's employment. The Company does not
accept any liability in respect of such communication, and the Team Member
responsible will be personally liable for any damages or other liability arising.
Please report any such violations to our Client Relations Team at (800) 863-4332
or Help@quickenloans.com. The use of
the Company's Email facilities for purposes of sending menacing, harassing,
offensive or threatening messages to our Team Members is strictly prohibited
and is unlawful; violators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
Use of the Company's Email facilities for purposes of to soliciting our Team
Members to breach their employment agreements or to interfere with their
employment status with our Company is strictly prohibited.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED; STATEMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY
The Company reserves all rights as to the Company's content in its Email and
this Email policy statement. No part of the Company's Email (or this policy
statement) may be reproduced, published, or distributed in any manner without
the express written permission of the Company. The only official publishable
public statements that can be attributed to the Company are statements issued
by the Company's Director of Public Relations or by an officer of the Company
(i.e., Chairman, CEO, President, or Corporate Counsel).
NEGLIGENT MISSTATEMENT
The Company disclaims any and all responsibility, including responsibility
based on negligence or negligent misstatement, for the accuracy, completeness,
or reliability of data or information contained in or furnished through Email
and the Company makes no warranties, express or implied, with respect to such
data or information.
IRS CIRCULAR 230 DISCLOSURE
The Company disclaims any U.S. federal tax advice contained in or furnished
through Email (including any attachments). Any reliance upon such tax advice
cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties under the Internal
Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to any other party
any transaction or matter that is addressed, contained in or furnished through
Email (including any attachments).
GOVERNING LAW
In receiving and opening this Email, you agree that the Terms and Conditions
stated herein shall apply to you and are incorporated by reference into the
Company's Email, and that any disputes pertaining to this Email shall be governed
by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan, without
giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action
at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions
may only be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Michigan.
OPT-OUT
This Email may constitute an advertisement or solicitation under U.S. law, if
its primary purpose is to advertise or promote a commercial product or service.
If you do not wish to receive advertising and promotional messages from Quicken
Loans at this Email address please specify your preference by visiting our website: https://www.quickenloans.com/about/legal/contact-options.
Mobile Messaging Policy
WHAT ARE QUICKEN LOANS MOBILE ALERTS?
Quicken Loans Text Alerts provides a secure and easy way to access interest
rates and receive promotional and mortgage information from almost any mobile
device or cell phone.
HOW DO I SIGN UP FOR QUICKEN LOANS MOBILE ALERTS?
Sign up for Quicken Loans Text Alerts by texting AMAZE to the five-digit
U.S. short code 26293. By signing up and choosing your subscription, you will
receive 5 messages per month.
Sign up for Daily Rate Alerts by texting DAILY to the five-digit U.S.
short code 26293. By signing up and choosing your subscription, you will
receive 25 messages per month.
Sign up for Weekly Rate Alerts by texting WEEKLY to the five-digit U.S.
short code 26293. By signing up and choosing your subscription, you will
receive 10 messages per month.
Quicken Loans Text Alerts are not mobile spam. The service is a recurring message program.
IS IT FREE?
We won't charge you when you send a text message to the five-digit U.S. short
code 26293 or when you receive a response. However, message and data rates may
apply depending on the wireless plan that you have with your carrier.
WHAT ARE THE PARTICIPATING CARRIERS?
AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel, U.S. Cellular,
Cellular One, MetroPCS, InterOp, Cellular Com, C Spire Wireless, Cricket,
Virgin Mobile, and Cincinnati Bell.
WHAT IF I DON'T WANT TO RECEIVE ANY MORE MESSAGES?
If you wish to stop receiving text messages from us, you may unsubscribe by
texting the word STOP to the five-digit U.S. short code 26293 or by
calling (800) 863-4332. Once your telephone number is removed from
our system, you will receive a final confirmation message and no further
messages will be sent to your cell phone or mobile device.
WHAT IF I WANT TO OPT BACK IN?
You can start receiving Quicken Loans Text Alerts messages again by texting
AMAZE to the five-digit U.S. short code 26293.
WHAT IF I WANT MORE INFO?
You may text the word HELP to the five-digit U.S. short
code 26293 for more information.
COMMANDS
Stop: At any time you can text STOP to
the five-digit U.S. short code 26293. This will prevent you from receiving
any future Quicken Loans Text Alerts messages.
Help: At any time you can text HELP to the five-digit U.S.
short code 26293. Texting HELP will return the following message:
QL Text Alerts: AMAZE 5msg/mon, DAILY 25msg/mon, WEEKLY 10msg/mon.
More info: QuickenLoans.com/tos, (800) 863-4332
Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Reply STOP to cancel.
DISCLOSURES AND LICENSES
Quicken Loans is an Equal Housing Lender. The Company does not engage in
business practices that discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion,
national origin, sex, marital status, age (provided you have the capacity to
enter into a binding contract), because all or part of your income may be
derived from any public assistance program, or because you have, in good
faith, exercised any right under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. The
federal agency that administers our compliance with these federal laws is
the Federal Trade Commission, Equal Credit Opportunity, Washington, DC 20580.
Quicken Loans, LLC is a licensed mortgage lender. The following states
require disclosure of licensing information that can be found by
clicking here.
PRIVACY POLICY
You can view our privacy policy by clicking here.
ADDITIONAL TERMS
By texting the five-digit U.S. short code 26293 you acknowledge and agree
to the terms and conditions provided in this policy and fully and unconditionally
authorize Quicken Loans, LLC and its service providers to respond to your
mobile device or cell phone, even if you your telephone number is listed on
any federal, state or corporate do-not-call registry.
Quicken Loans Text Alerts is an automated loan alert service and is not intended
to be construed against the Quicken Loans as an interest rate lock, an unconditional
loan commitment, an unconditional loan approval, unconditional qualification,
unconditional approval, or any other unconditional offer or agreement to lend.
Furthermore, Quicken Loans disclaims any and all responsibility, including
responsibility based on negligence or negligent misstatement, for the accuracy,
completeness, or reliability of data or information contained in or furnished
through Quicken Loans Mobile Messaging and makes no warranties, express or
implied, with respect to such data or information.
Do not use Quicken Loans Mobile Messaging to communicate time-sensitive instructions
or official company matters. Urgent matters should be communicated in person
directly with the person of concern via telephone and then confirmed in writing
with the appropriate person.
We may use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send the text messages
described above to the mobile phone number you supply when you opt in.
Quicken Loans reserves the right to block any mobile telephone number it deems
inappropriate and to disable Quicken Loans Mobile Messaging without notice.
By using this service, you agree that the terms stated herein shall apply to
you and are incorporated by reference into any communication, and that any
disputes pertaining to this service shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan, without giving effect to any
principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity
arising out of your use of Quicken Loans Mobile Messaging or relating to these
terms and conditions may only be filed only in the state or federal courts
located in Michigan. Consent to these terms is not required as a condition to
purchase a good/service.
COMPLAINTS
Any email or mobile messaging complaints should be directed to the Client
Relations Team at (800) 863-4332 or Help@QuickenLoans.com.
Manage Your Mortgage
Apply Online
Talk to an Expert
Call Us at
(800) 251-9080
Sign In to Your Account
Research Your Options
See Today's Rates
Home Buyer's Guide
Refinance Guide
Try Our Calculators
Check Your Credit Score
Personal Loans
Read the Zing Blog
Sign Up for Email and Text Alerts
Learn About Quicken Loans
About Us
Careers
Quicken Loans in the Community
Our Mortgage Process
Press Room
Our Family of Companies
Contact Us
Equal Housing Opportunity
NMLS #3030 (see the NMLS consumer access page).
Quicken Loans, 1050 Woodward Avenue, Detroit, MI 48226-1906.
©2000 - 2020 Quicken Loans, LLC. All rights reserved. Lending services
provided by Quicken Loans, LLC, a subsidiary of Rock Holdings Inc.
"Quicken Loans" is a registered service mark of Intuit Inc., used under license.
Email and Text Policy
Security and Privacy
Disclosures and Licenses
Terms of Use
Communication Opt-Out
Site Accessibility