https://www.nafem.org/privacy-policy/
More in Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective May 25, 2018
The
North American Association of Food Equipment Manufacturers (“NAFEM”) is
committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how
NAFEM collects, uses, and shares your information when you use and
interact with our products and services (collectively “Services”) and
applies to all persons who use our Services (“Users”). Our Privacy
Policy governs your access to and use of all NAFEM operated and
controlled websites including http://www.nafem.org, thenafemshow.org, (the “Websites”), all other publicly available Services – online or otherwise – controlled or provided by NAFEM.
If
you have questions about NAFEM’s Privacy Policy or practices, or if you
need to contact us about the information we collect about you, our
contact information is at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Applicability & Eligibility
ApplicabilityThis
Privacy Policy applies only to the Services, and NAFEM’s collection,
use, disclosure, and protection of your data. It does not apply to third
party websites, applications, or services.
Before accessing,
using, or interacting with the Services you should carefully review the
terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Eligibility To Use The ServicesThe Services are not directed to children under the age of 16. You may not use the Services if you are under the age of 16.
Information Collection & Use
NAFEM
collects data about you and your use of the Services through various
means, including when you provide information to us such as when you
join, sign up for a membership, donate, register for events and webinars
including The NAFEM Show®, and when we automatically collect
information about you when you access, use, or interact with the
Services. We use this information for a variety of different reasons,
including to improve the Services and to tailor the Services to you.
NAFEM
processes Personal Data collected through the Services on the lawful
basis of legitimate interests to provide the Services to you. Such
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests
pursued by NAFEM or by our Service Providers related to the Services.
The types of information NAFEM may collect about you include:
Information You Provide To Us:
NAFEM Membership & Event Information: NAFEM
collects certain Personal Data from you when you join NAFEM or register
for NAFEM events. “Personal Data” refers to information about you that
may be used to identify you, which may include your first name, last
name, title, email address, phone number, mailing address, job title,
company classification, first timer, products of interest, and whether
you wish to apply for a NAFEM scholarship. NAFEM uses this information
to provide your membership, register you for events, provide information
about memberships and events, and administer your registrations with
NAFEM.
NAFEM Account Information: NAFEM may
require you to register for an account (a “NAFEM Account”) in order to
use certain Services. We do not require you to register to use all of
our Services. However if you do register for Services offering an NAFEM
Account, you will gain access to those areas and features of the
Services that require registration. NAFEM will collect certain
information about you in connection with your registration for your
NAFEM Account, which may include Personal Data and other information
such as a username, password, personal profile, pictures, your location,
and information about your contacts. Some of your NAFEM Account
information may be displayed publicly. You are not required to provide
your Personal Data; however, if you choose to withhold certain Personal
Data, we may not be able to provide you with certain Services.
Payment Transaction Information: We
may collect and store information related to purchases and donations
made through the Services. You may provide certain information to
complete payments via the Services, including your credit or debit card
number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address
(collectively, “Payment Information”), along with your name and billing, delivery and shipping address, to complete payment transactions through certain Services.
Please
note NAFEM works with Service Providers (as defined below) to handle
payment transactions. NAFEM does not itself collect or maintain your
credit card or other financial account information; this information is
handled for NAFEM by our Service Providers. You are subject to the
Privacy Policies and Terms and Conditions of our Service Providers when
purchasing a NAFEM membership, shopping for NAFEM products, or making
donations, the terms of which may differ from those of NAFEM for the
NAFEM Services. Please review the Service Providers’ Privacy Policies
and Terms and Conditions before using their services.
Form Information: We
may use online forms to request certain information from you in order
to perform certain Services, such as your location to assist you in
locating our products, or your contact information to assist with
contacts or service requests. This information may include Personal
Data.
Correspondence Information: If you sign up
for a membership, attend a conference or event including The NAFEM
Show®, email us, subscribe to our newsletters mailing lists,
publications, or blogs, we may keep your message, email address, and
contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested
products or Services, and to provide notifications or other
correspondences to you. If you do not want to receive email from us in
the future, you may let us know by sending us an email or by writing to
us at the address below. Please note requests to remove your email
address from our lists may take some time to fulfill. We may also still
contact you including via email as needed to provide important
announcements or notifications regarding the Services.
Support Information: You
may provide information to us via a support request submitted through
the Services. We will use this information to assist you with your
support request and may maintain this information to assist you or other
Users with support requests. Please do not submit any information to us
via a support submission, including confidential or sensitive
information that you do not wish for NAFEM or our Service Providers to
have access to or use in the future.
Information We Collect Automatically:
Cookies, Web Beacons, Links, And Other Tracking Technologies: NAFEM
may keep track of how you use and interact with the Services through
the use of cookies, web beacons, links, and other tracking technologies.
We do this to help analyze the use of and improve the Services. Through
these technologies we may automatically collect information about your
use of the Services and other online activities, including our email
correspondences, third-party services, and client applications, and
certain online activities after you leave the Services. Link information
is generally only analyzed on an aggregate basis. Some Services may not
function properly if you disable cookies. Such data may include
analytics information, sites visited before visiting the Services,
browser type, operating system, and tracking of your interactions with
our content and emails. For full details, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
Unique Identifiers: When
you use or access the Services, we may access, collect, monitor, store
on your device, and/or remotely store one or more “Unique Identifiers,”
such as a universally unique identifier (“UUID”). A Unique Identifier
may remain on your device persistently, to help you log in faster and
enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the
Services may not function properly if use or availability of Unique
Identifiers is impaired or disabled.
Log File Information: When
you use our Services, we may receive log file information such as your
IP address, browser type, access times, domain names operating system,
the referring web page(s), pages visited, location, your mobile carrier,
device information (including device and application IDs), search
terms, and cookie information. We receive log file data when you
interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites,
sign into our Services, or interact with our email notifications. NAFEM
uses log file data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, and
to customize the content we show you. NAFEM may link this log file to
other information NAFEM collects about you via the Services.
Public Information: NAFEM
may also collect information about you from publicly available sources.
Information you make publicly available in any public or open forum,
such as on a social network, may be considered public information for
the purposes of this Privacy Policy, and may be accessed and collected
by NAFEM. Please be aware that any content or information you share with
or provide to third parties using or related to your use of the
Services is neither private, nor confidential. NAFEM is not responsible
for any content or information you post or share with third parties. If
you do not wish for certain information to be public, please do not
share it.
Information Sharing
NAFEM Personnel: NAFEM’s
personnel, contractors and volunteers may have access to your
information as needed to provide and operate the Services in the normal
course of business. This includes information regarding your use and
interaction with the Services.
Service Providers: NAFEM works with various organizations and individuals to help provide the Services to you (“Service Providers“),
such as website and data hosting companies and companies providing
analytics information, like Google Analytics. We may share your personal
information with our Service Providers for the purpose of providing the
Services. The information we share to our Service Providers may include
both information you provide to us and information we collect about
you, including Personal Data and information from data collection tools
like cookies, web beacons, log files, Unique Identifiers, and location
data. NAFEM takes reasonable steps to ensure that our Service Providers
are obligated to reasonably protect your information on NAFEM’s behalf.
If NAFEM becomes aware that a Service Provider is using or disclosing
information improperly, we will take commercially reasonable steps to
end or correct such improper use or disclosure.
Business Transactions:
NAFEM may purchase other businesses or their assets, sell our business
assets, or be involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition,
reorganization or sale of assets (a “Business Transaction”). Your information, including Personal Data, may be among assets sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction.
Lawful Requests: We
may be required to disclose User information pursuant to lawful
requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with
applicable laws. We generally do not disclose User information unless we
have a good faith belief that an information request by law enforcement
or private litigants meets applicable legal standards. We may share
your information when we believe it is necessary to comply with
applicable laws, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud
or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Services or using the
NAFEM name, or to protect the safety of any person. This may include
sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents, or government
agencies. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal
defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a
government’s, request to disclose your information.
Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Information
Your RightsRelevant data protection laws provide you certain rights regarding the protection of your data, including:
the right to access;the right to rectification;the right to erasure;the right to restrict processing;the right to object to processing;the right to data portability;the right to complaint to a supervisory authority; andthe right to withdraw consent.
More information about your rights relating to NAFEM and the Services is provided via this Privacy Policy.
Access To The Information NAFEM Has Collected About YouNAFEM
provides certain tools and settings within the Services to help you
access, correct, delete, or modify your personal information associated
with the Services. NAFEM welcomes you to contact us regarding the
information we have collected about you, including regarding the nature
and accuracy of the data that has been collected about you, to request
an update, modification, or deletion of your information, to opt-out of
certain Services uses of your information, or to withdraw any consent
you may have granted to NAFEM.
Please note requests to delete or
remove your information do not necessarily ensure complete or
comprehensive removal of the content or information posted, and removed
information may persist in backup copies indefinitely. Please note that
if you choose to delete your information or opt-out of the collection
and use of your information, you understand that certain features,
including but not limited to access to the Services, may no longer be
available to you.
We may store the information we collect about
you indefinitely, or as otherwise required by law. Following termination
or deactivation of a NAFEM Account, NAFEM may retain your information
and content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and
audit purposes.
Opting-Out Of Communications From NAFEMUsers
may opt-out of receiving certain communications from NAFEM by following
the unsubscribe process described in an email communication, or by
contacting us using the contact information provided below. However,
please note you may not opt-out of Services-related communications, such
as account verification, changes or updates to features of the
Services, or technical and security notices.
Do Not TrackNAFEM
does not currently employ a process for automatically responding to “Do
Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by web browsers, mobile devices, or other
mechanisms. Per industry standards, third parties may be able to
collect information, including Personal Data, about your online
activities over time and across different websites or online services
when you use Services. You may opt out of online behavioral ads at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. You also may limit certain tracking by disabling cookies in your web browser.
Information Security
Security Of Your InformationNAFEM
takes reasonable efforts to secure and protect the privacy, accuracy,
and reliability of your information and to protect it from loss, misuse,
unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. NAFEM
implements security measures as we deem appropriate and consistent with
industry standards. As no data security protocol is impenetrable, NAFEM
cannot guarantee the security of our systems or databases, nor can we
guarantee that personal information we collect about you will not be
breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed
without authorization. Accordingly, any information you transfer to or
from Services is provided at your own risk.
Please do your part to
help us keep your information secure. You are responsible for
maintaining the confidentiality of your password and NAFEM Account, and
are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password
or NAFEM Account. NAFEM specifically reserves the right to terminate
your access to the Services and any contract you have with NAFEM related
to the Services in the event it learns or suspects you have disclosed
your NAFEM Account or password information to an unauthorized third
party.
Additional Provisions Regarding The Services & Your Information
Transfer And Storage Of Your InformationPlease
note information NAFEM collects about you may be transferred, processed
and/or accessed by us in the United States, or another country where
we, or our Service Providers operate. Please be aware Personal Data may
be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your
state or country where privacy laws may differ from and may not be as
protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the
United States and choose to allow us to collect information about you,
please be aware that NAFEM may transfer your Personal Data to the United
States and process and store it there.
If you are located in the
European Economic Area (“EEA”) or other regions with laws governing data
collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we
may transfer information to a country or jurisdiction that does not have
the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, as disclosed in
this Privacy Policy. It may also be processed by staff operating outside
the EEA who work for us or for one of Service Providers, also as
disclosed.
Website Hosting: NAFEM works with the following companies for its website hosting services:
A2z: office location in Columba, MD; data is stored by Rackspace in Dallas, TX;Association Technologies: office location in West Chicago, IL; data is stored by Association Technologies in West Chicago, IL;CompuSystems, Inc.: office location in Downers Grove, IL; data is stored by CompuSystems, Inc. in Downers Grove, IL;Freeman;
Freeman hosts NAFEM’s data and show-related information. Freeman’s
headquarters is in Dallas, TX, USA. For more information on Freeman’s
privacy policy see https://www.freeman.com/privacy-policy.Losasso Integrated Marketing: office location in Chicago, IL; data is stored by Rackspace US, Inc. in San Antonio, TX;OnPeak: office location in Chicago, IL; data is stored by onPeak in Amazon Web Services Cloud;Web Courseworks LTD: office location in Madison, WI; data is stored by Web Courseworks in Amazon Web Services Cloud.
NAFEM
shares your data, including Personal Data, with our website hosting
Service Provider for the purposes of processing your data pursuant to
your use of the Services.
Data Hosting: NAFEM works with the following companies for its data hosting services:
A2z: office location in Colulmba, MD; data is stored by Rackspace in Dallas, TX;Association Technologies: office location in West Chicago, IL; data stored by Association Technologies in West Chicago, IL;CompuSystems, Inc.: office location in Downers Grove, IL; data is stored by CompuSystems, Inc. in Downers Grove, IL;Freeman;
Freeman hosts NAFEM’s data and show-related information. Freeman’s
headquarters is in Dallas, TX, USA. For more information on Freeman’s
privacy policy see https://www.freeman.com/privacy-policy.Higher Logic/Informz: office location in Arlington, VA; data is stored by Higher Logic in Albany, NY;Losasso
Integrated Marketing: office location in Chicago, IL; data is stored by
SharpSpring with office location in Gainseville, FL and data stored in
Colorado; data is also stored by DataXu with office location in Boston,
MA and data stored in Washington, D.C.; data is also stored by METIS
with office location in Chicago,IL and data stored in Chicago, IL;OnPeak: office location in Chicago, IL; data is stored by onPeak in Amazon Web Services Cloud;SmithBucklin: office location in Chicago, IL; data is stored by SmithBucklin in Chicago, IL;Web Courseworks LTD: office location is Madison, WI; data is stored by Web Courseworks in Amazon Web Services Cloud.
NAFEM
shares your data, including Personal Data, with our website hosting
Service Provider for the purposes of processing your data pursuant to
your use of the Services.
Safely Using NAFEM’s ServicesDespite
NAFEM’s safety and privacy controls, we cannot guarantee the Services
are entirely free of illegal, offensive, pornographic, or otherwise
inappropriate material, or that you will not encounter inappropriate or
illegal conduct from other Users when using the Services. You can help
NAFEM by notifying us of any unwelcome contact by contacting us using
the information below.
Your California Privacy RightsUnder
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the “Shine the Light”
law), NAFEM members and customers who are residents of California may
request certain information about our disclosure of personal information
during the prior calendar year to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the
address below or at nafemdpo@nafem.org with “Request for California
Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your
message. We will comply with your request within thirty (30) days or as
otherwise required by the statute. Please be aware that not all
information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and
only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
Changes to Our Privacy PolicyNAFEM
may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current
version of this Privacy Policy will govern our use of your information
and will be located at www.nafem.org/privacy-policy. Please check back for any updates to this Privacy Policy.Contact NAFEMDeirdre FlynnExecutive Vice President & Data Protection OfficerNorth American Association of Food Equipment Manufacturers161 N. Clark St., Ste. 2020Chicago, IL 60601Phone:nafemdpo@nafem.org