http://www.marcolin.com/en/group/cookie-policy
Brands
Point of View
Group
Careers
Investor relations
Contacts
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies, text strings stored on the hard disk of the device used by the user to access the Internet (smartphone, tablet, etc.), which are then relayed the next time the user accesses the Internet. Cookies collect information on the browsing activity of the user on the Website, for example to remember his/her preferences and offer them the next time the Website is visited in order to facilitate its use.
Cookies can be installed by the Website that is being visited (first party cookies) or can be installed by other websites (third party cookies).
Cookies can be stored permanently on the device of the visitor and be for a variable length of time (persistent cookies), or can vanish when the browser is closed or be for a limited length of time (session cookies).
This Website uses first party cookies, third party cookies and other similar technology, as described in more detail below.
Browser and functional cookies:
The Website uses first party cookies, session cookies and persistent cookies so that the Website can be used and browsed securely and efficiently, as well as to improve the services provided by the Website.
These cookies enable a selected language and the country from which you are connecting to the Website to be recognised. These technical cookies, by recognising the visitor when the Website is revisited, mean that the visitor does not have to enter his/her data each and every time (for example, when he/she logs in to the website, or if he/she has placed articles for purchase in the basket but has not completed the purchase, he/she can continue and complete the purchase on the next visit). Functional cookies improve the browsing experience.
Analytics cookies.
The Website uses Google Analytics cookies to collect information on users’ activity on the Website.
For more details and information, please visit the web page of the provider here https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1011397 .
By default, analytics cookies use the full IP address of the users of the website in order to provide general geographical data in its reports.
Social cookies
These cookies are necessary in order to allow your social media accounts to interact with our Website. They are used, for example, so that you can express your appreciation or to share the website with your friends on social media. Social network cookies are not required for browsing.
Facebook Pixel
Facebook Pixel enables us to measure, analyse and optimise the effectiveness of advertising campaigns on Facebook. We use Facebook Pixel to monitor the behaviour of visitors to our website, and to send you relevant and targeted advertisements on Facebook. For more information on Facebook Pixel, click on the link: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/. To withdraw your consent, click on the link: https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of the Website code used to enable in-depth campaign reporting and to obtain information on Website visitors. We can use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to track conversions and to measure the performance of our advertising campaigns on LinkedIn.
For more information click on: https://www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/65521
Profiling cookies:
These cookies are aimed at creating user profiles in order to send commercial messages that match the preferences shown whilst browsing or to improve your browsing experience: while you browse our website these cookies are used to show you products that may interest you or products similar to those you have viewed. Third party cookies are cookies sent by third party companies we trust. These cookies enable us to offer you our products on other affiliated websites (re-targeting). We do not have any control over the information provided by third party cookies and we do not have access to this data. This information is controlled completely by the third-party companies according to the information provided in their respective policies. To view the aforesaid third party cookies, to obtain information on the respective policies and provide your informed consent or refusal, we invite you to visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com.
The characteristics of the cookies used on the Website are illustrated in the following table:
Name
Domain
Type
Lifetime (days)
YSC
.youtube.com
Session
GPS
.youtube.com
Session
_gat
.web-eyewear.com
Session
_gid
.web-eyewear.com
Stored
1
_ga
.web-eyewear.com
Stored
730
_icl_current_language
www.web-eyewear.com
Stored
1
IDE
.doubleclick.net
Stored
390
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
.youtube.com
Stored
180
PREF
.youtube.com
Stored
243
wp-cookies
www.web-eyewear.com
accepted
7
How to select/deselect or disable, remove or block cookies
This website allows you to select/deselect the individual cookies, using the methods explained below, but it is to be noted that, if disabled, the full use of the website may not be guaranteed. The browser settings can be used to disable, remove or block cookies, by following the instructions given below:
Google Chrome: 1.Open Google Chrome; 2.Click on “Tools”; 3.Select “Settings” and then “Advanced Settings”; 4.Select “Content settings” under “Privacy”; 5.In the “Cookies” section you can deselect the cookies and save your preferences.
Internet Explorer: 1.Open Internet Explorer; 2.Click on “Tools” and then on “Internet Options”; 3.Select “Privacy” and move the slider to the level of privacy that you wish to set (to the top to block all the cookies or to the bottom to allow all cookies); 4.Then click “Ok”.
Firefox: 1.Open Firefox; 2.Press the “Alt” key on the keyboard; 3.On the tool bar located on the upper part of the browser, select “Tools” and then “Options”; 4. Then select “Privacy”; 5.Go on “History settings” and then on “Use customised settings”; 6.Deselect “Accept cookies from websites” and save your preferences.
Safari: 1.Open Safari; 2. Choose “Preferences” on the tool bar, then select the “Security” tab in the dialogue window that follows; 3. In the “Accept cookies” section you can specify if and when Safari should save cookies from websites. For further information click on the Help button (identified with a question mark); 4. For more information on the cookies that are stored on your computer, click on “Show cookies”.
Subscribe to our newsletter
subscribe
Investor Relations
Careers
Company info
Legal statement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
EU Declaration of Conformity
© 2020 Marcolin SpA. REA n. 64334 P.IVA 00298010257 CF 01774690273 - web agency extera