http://www.yokohamatire.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Yokohama Tire Corporation
Search the entire website
Owners Circle
Promotions
Tire Registration
Write A Review
Satisfaction Survey
Warranty
Warranty
Original Equipment
30-Day Trial (PDF)
Recalls
Merchandise
Tires 101
Basic Information
Proper Inflation
Tire Inspection Guide
Rotation and Balancing
Tire Replacement
Reading Your Tire
Tire Sizing System
Aspect Ratio
Speed Rating
UTQG
Plus Sizing
Winter Driving Tips
Tire tips for busy parents
Driving apps and sites
Advanced Information
Match Mounting
Heavy or Light Balancing
Tire Alignment
Construction
Tread Design
Testing And Development
Tech Service Bulletins
Experience
Experience
Team Yokohama
Motorsports
Tire Categories
VEHICLE TYPE
Passenger Cars
Performance Cars
Crossovers/SUVs
Trucks
Minivans
APPLICATION
Summer
All-Season
Winter
Off-Road
PRODUCT FAMILY
Advan
Avid
BluEarth
Geolandar
Iceguard
Parada
Tire Finder
Where to Buy
Search the entire website
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Yokohama Tire Corporation (“Yokohama”) is committed to protecting your privacy and the information you share with us. This Privacy Policy describes Yokohama’s policies and practices regarding its collection and use of your personal data along with sharing information regarding your privacy rights.
How we collect and use the personal information you share with us
Yokohama collects the information you provide with us in order to provide you with additional information regarding our products or to perform services you request.
We do not sell your personal information. We may, as necessary for our business purposes, share or disclose some of your personal information for our operational purposes with our business vendors. For example, we may have to share some of your personal information with our payment vendor in order to process or fulfill your order through our merchandise store. Our business vendors do not sell your personal information and only utilize it in order to support the services we provide to you.
Learn more about the information we collect and how we use the information you share with us
1. Categories of Personal Information You May Share With Us
A. Signing up for our mailing lists, promotions, or filling a fillable form
When you sign up for our mailing lists or to participate in a Yokohama promotion, we collect the information you share about yourself including your name, address, email address, and phone number. Similarly, if you sign up with a Yokohama Tire Dealer for a promotion, they may share information about you with us including your name, address, email address, and phone number.
We process this personal information to inform you of Yokohama products and offerings. Yokohama may also use this information to help us understand our customer’s needs and to better tailor our online services to meet your needs.
You may manage your Yokohama email subscriptions by subscribing or unsubscribing at any time. If you have difficulties managing your communications with us, please contact us at info@yokohamatire.com or at 800.772.9888.
Yokohama uses certain analytical tools to track how often people gain access to or read our content. We use this information in the aggregate to understand what content our customers find useful or interesting, so that we can continue to provide information that helps our customers.
Yokohama may rely on the fulfillment of contract as its lawful basis or business purpose for processing your information under certain laws.
B. Warranties and Tire Registration
You may also provide us with certain information when registering your tires that is used to assist us with the administration of any tire warranty that may be applicable to your purchase. This information may also be utilized to contact you in the event of a recall of tires.
When you register your tires with us that you have purchased from an authorized Yokohama dealer we may ask you for your name, address, email address, along with the name and address of the dealer from whom you purchased the products, date of purchase, and identifying information about the products. We use this information to register your product and to provide you with important information such as warranty information.
Yokohama may rely on the fulfillment of contract as its lawful basis or business purpose for processing your information under certain laws.
C. Your communications with Yokohama generally
If you correspond with us via email, text message, or by telephone, we may retain such communications and information contained in them to respond to your inquiry, to notify you of Yokohama products or offerings, to keep a record of your complaint and other similar reasons.
Yokohama has a legitimate interest and business purpose in maintaining the personal information of those who communicate voluntarily with Yokohama.
D. Payment information
You may also purchase products from Yokohama’s online merchandise store. When you purchase products and merchandise from Yokohama, we may ask you to provide your name, company name, address, email address, and phone number. For ease of future purchases, we may ask if you would like to create an account with us. We may also ask for you to enter a payment card in order to complete your purchase.
Yokohama does not retain this payment information and instead utilizes a third party payment processing service to process your request.
Yokohama may rely on the fulfillment of contract as its lawful basis or business purpose for processing your information under certain laws.
E. Use of the yokohamatire.com Website
Like most websites, Yokohama’s website collects certain information, also known as cookies,  automatically about your visit. The information may include internet protocol addresses (IP addresses), the general location where your device is accessing the website, the browser type you use or similar system information, and some other information regarding the history of the pages you may view. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server or to administer our website.
Generally, we use, or may use in the future, cookies to:
Remind us of who you are and to access your profile (stored on our computers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. These cookies are usually set when you provide us with information about you and are modified when you 'Log Out' of the Site.
Estimate our audience size. Each user accessing the Site can be given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage and, in the future, may be used to help target information updates or advertisements based on user interests and behavior.
Assist Yokohama to track visits to the Site. This information collected by cookies is sometimes called 'clickstream' or 'click trail' and may also describe which pages you have seen in each section of the Site.
Measure certain traffic patterns. Determine which areas of the Site you have visited and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We may use this research to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on the Site a better one. We may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and information that you and other users will see on our Site.
By modifying your browser preferences you can choose to accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. The 'help' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to do this. If you choose to reject all cookies, however, you will be unable to use those Site services that require submission of information by you in order to participate.
Yokohama has a legitimate interest and business purpose in understanding how customers and potential customers use its website. This information helps Yokohama with providing relevant content and products.
F. Social Media
If you interact with us on social media, we may retain such communications and information contained in them as part of our social media presence.
Yokohama has a legitimate interest and business purpose in understanding how customers and potential customers use its social media. This information helps Yokohama with providing relevant content and products.
G. Yokohama Dealers
If you interact with Yokohama as a dealer, we may request certain information from you in order to provide you with additional materials regarding Yokohama’s products. In particular, you may be asked for your name, email address, physical address, and telephone number.
Yokohama may rely on the fulfillment of contract as its lawful basis or business purpose for processing your information under certain laws.
H. Applying for a Job with Yokohama
If you apply for a job with Yokohama online, we may request your name, email address, physical address, and telephone number. We may also request employment application information such as your resume. We may also request information that is legally required for the processing of your application.
Yokohama has a legitimate interest and business purpose in processing applications for employment.
I. Advertising
At Yokohama, like many other companies, we use contextual customization of advertisements to enhance your visit to our website. We do not build a profile of your user experience but instead use this information to share advertisements with you after you have exited our website.
J. Rebates
Yokohama periodically runs rebates for its products. In order to participate in the rebate promotion, you may be asked to share information about yourself and your purchase.
If you fill out the form online, we may ask that you share your invoice/sales receipt showing complete payment and purchase date, the tire tread name and tire size, your vehicle information (make, year, and model), the location where you purchased your tires, and your email address. We utilize this information, specifically your email address, to provide you claim updates.
If you fill out a form online and submit it via the mail, we may ask you to also provide your name, address, email, vehicle information (make, year, and model) along with the dealer from whom you purchased your Yokohama products.
Yokohama may rely on the fulfillment of contract as its lawful basis or business purpose for processing your information under certain laws.
2. Processing your information
Yokohama processes the data you share with us to provide you with the products or services you have requested or purchased from us. We use this information to refine our services and to communicate with you about Yokohama and Yokohama products.
Often Yokohama needs to process your personal data to fulfill your order or request for information. Yokohama may also have a legitimate interest in processing data to better understand the needs, concerns, and interests of its customers so it can operate optimally as a business. Yokohama may also rely upon your consent, in which case we will keep a record of it and honor your choices regarding the information you share with us.
3. The Categories of Vendors With Whom We Share Your Information for Our Operational Purposes
Yokohama has disclosed the following categories of personal information for business purposes with our vendors in the last twelve months:
Performing services on behalf of Yokohama. We have utilized vendors who maintain our service accounts, provide customer service, provide advertisements and contextual customization of advertisements, marketing services, process or fulfill orders and transactions, process payments, provide marketing or advertising services, and provide analytic services. As a part of providing services on behalf of Yokohama, our vendors may need to process your personal information (such as your email address or your payment information) in order to fulfill a service you have requested from Yokohama.
Your data privacy rights
Certain countries and states’ privacy laws provide certain rights for individual consumers. Under California law, for instance, a California resident has the right to request that the business disclose what personal information it collects, uses, discloses, and sells. Yokohama has endeavored to do that with this privacy policy.
While Yokohama does not sell your personal information to any third party, you have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information. In addition, you have the right to request information regarding the information Yokohama may have collected about you through your interactions with Yokohama. You may also request that we modify, update, change or remove information that you have previously provided.
Under California law, we cannot discriminate against you because you exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. It is also important to note that you can enjoy Yokohama’s website without providing personal data to us.
If you wish to submit a verifiable consumer request to us, or to exercise your California privacy rights with regard to the information you may have shared with us, please contact us at info@yokohamatire.com or on the phone by calling us at 800.722.9888. In order to verify your request, you may need to provide us with proof of your identity including for example, providing us with a copy of your drivers’ license. Under California law a consumer may also designate an authorized agent to make a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you utilize an authorized agent, we may require you to submit proof that the agent acts on your behalf.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 16. If we learn that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal information, we will delete it in accordance with applicable law.
Contacting Us
You may reach us via email at info@yokohamatire.com or at toll free at 800.722.9888.
This Privacy Policy was last updated November 1, 2019.
Quick Links
Commercial
OTR
Mexico
Dealers/Fleets
Merchandise
Corporate
About Yokohama
FAQ
Newsroom
Careers
Contact Us
Connect
Register your tires
© 2020 Yokohama Tire Corporation. All rights reserved.
The Yokohama Rubber Company Limited
Supply Chain Transparency
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
COOKIES ON THE YOKOHAMA TIRE SITE
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience. By clicking any link on this page, you are giving your consent for Yokohama Tire to set cookies.
ACCEPT
MORE INFO
You are now leaving www.yokohamatire.com
×
Please click CONTINUE to proceed to leave or CANCEL if you wish to stay.
CANCEL
CONTINUE