http://www.coastalhealthcare.com/privacy-policy/
Consultant’s Login
Coastal Healthcare
Driving Peak Performance
Home
About Us
About Us
Leadership Team
Our Clients
Testimonials
Service Offerings
Crisis Resolution (Catalyst)
Implementation (Wave)
Legacy Support
Project Management
Training
Meaningful Use (Sentinel)
Meaningful Use Advisor
Meaningful Use Assessment
Meaningful Use Mock Audit
Meaningful Use Project Management
Optimization (Fusion)
Patient Identity (Convergence)
Technical (Logic)
Archiving Legacy Data
Vendors
Alliances
Awards
NEWS
Blog
Press Releases
Events
Newsletters
Case Studies
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Coastal Healthcare Inc.’s website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Coastal Healthcare Consulting’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Coastal Healthcare Consulting’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ or ‘Coastal’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 6808 220th St SW, Suite 204, Mountlake Terrace, WA  98043-2187. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the state of Washington.
Contact Information
Should you have any questions about our Website Usage Terms and Conditions or your use of the Site, Services or Content, you may contact Coastal at:
Coastal Healthcare Consulting, Inc. 6808 220th St SW, Suite 204 Mountlake Terrace, Washington 98043-2187 (206) 324-6540 chcoffice@coastalhealthcare.com
(Last Updated: April 2013)
Join Our Email List
6808 220th St. SW
Suite 204
Mountlake Terrace, WA 98043-2187
(206) 324-6540
About Us Services News Alliances Privacy Policy Contact
©1995-2014 Coastal Healthcare Consulting Inc.