http://www.oventrop.com/en-GB/privacystatement
Welcome!
To offer you the best possible service, we use cookies on this website.
The cookies used by us can be divided into different groups.
You can change your consent to the use of these cookies directly here, or at any time via the "Privacy" section.
Necessary cookies
Cookies of this group are necessary for the proper operation of the website. They are not subject to consent and cannot be deactivated. By using our website, you agree to this.
Comfort cookies
Our website uses external services in some places to provide you with additional functions. This group includes, for example, our interactive representative card.
Marketing / Tracking cookies
These types of cookies allow us to determine, among other things, which content you are particularly interested in. In this way we can further expand our service for you and constantly improve our website.
Accept all
Save selection
Personalize settings
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
1. Data protection at a glanceGeneral InformationThe following information will give you a straightforward overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. Personal data means any data which enable you to be identified personally. More detailed information on the topic of data protection is available in our Privacy Policy, which you will find listed below this document.Collection of data on our websiteWho is responsible for the collection of data on our website?Data processing for this website is undertaken by the website operator. You will find its contact details in the company details section (Imprint) on our website.How do we collect your data?Your data are collected in part by being provided by you. This could mean, for example, data that you enter into a contact form.Other data are automatically collected by our IT systems when you visit our website. This mainly relates to technical data (e.g. Internet browser, operating system or the time at which the site was accessed). Collection of these data occurs automatically as soon as you access our website.What do we use your data for?Some of the data are collected in order to ensure faultless provision of the website. Other data can be used to analyse your consumer behaviour.What rights do you have with regard to your data?You have the right to obtain information on the origins, recipient and purpose of the personal data concerning you that we have stored free of charge at any time. You further have the right to obtain rectification, blocking or erasure of these data. You can contact us at the address given in the company details in connection with this or any other questions you may have regarding data protection at any time. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the pertinent supervisory authority.Analytical tools and third-party toolsWhen you visit our website your surfing behaviour may be subjected to a statistical analysis. This is primarily undertaken via cookies and so-called analytical programmes. The analysis of your surfing behaviour is usually anonymous; the surfing behaviour cannot be traced back to you. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Details on this are available in our Privacy Policy under the heading “Third-party modules and analytical tools”.
You can object to this analysis. We will inform you about how to object in this Privacy Policy. 2. General Information and Compulsory Information Data protectionThe operator of these web pages takes protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this Privacy Policy.When you use this website a range of personal data is collected. Personal data means data which enable you to be identified personally. This Privacy Policy explains which data we collect and what we use them for. It also explains how and for what purpose this is undertaken.We must point out that the transfer of data via the Internet (e.g. when communicating via e-mails) may not be completely secure. It is not possible to provide absolute protection of data against access by third parties.Information on the data controllerThe data controller responsible for the processing of data on this website is:Oventrop GmbH & Co. KGHead of the HR DepartmentPaul-Oventrop-Straße 159939 OlsbergGermanyE-mail: u.kaspari@oventrop.de Data controller means the natural or legal person, which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses or similar).Withdrawal of your consent to data processingMany data processing procedures are only possible with your explicit consent. You can withdraw consent which you have previously granted at any time. To do this, you just need to send us an informal e-mail. The legality of the data processing undertaken prior to withdrawal of your consent is not affected by this withdrawal of consent.Right to lodge a complaint with the pertinent supervisory authorityIn the event of a violation of data protection regulations, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with the pertinent supervisory authority. The pertinent supervisory authority in respect of issues relating to data protection is the Commissioner for Data Protection of the federal state in which our company headquarters are located. A list of the Commissioners for Data Protection of the federal states in Germany and their contact details are available at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.htmlRight to data portabilityYou have the right to receive, or to have transferred to a third party, data which we have processed based on your consent or in order to perform a contract in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. Insofar as you wish to have the personal data transmitted directly to another controller, this will only be undertaken where technically feasible.SSL or TLS encryptionFor security reasons and in order to protect the transfer of confidential content such as orders or enquires which you send to us as the website operator, this website uses SSL or TLS encryption. You can tell that an encrypted connection is being used by the fact that the address line in your browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and a lock symbol appears in your browser header.When the SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data that you send to us cannot be read by third parties.Information, blocking, erasureThe applicable statutory provisions grant you the right to obtain information about the personal data concerning you stored, the origins of said data and the purposes for which they are processed free of charge at any time, and, where necessary, the right to rectification, blockage or erasure of these data. You can contact us at the address given in the company details in connection with this or any other questions you may have regarding personal data at any time.Objection to promotional e-mailsPermission to use the contact details provided in accordance with the obligation to provide details of the company for the sending of promotional or informational materials which have not been explicitly requested is hereby refused. The website operator explicitly reserves the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional materials, for example, via spam e-mails.3. Data protection officerLegally required data protection officerWe have appointed an external data protection officer for our company. You can contact him at datenschutz@oventrop.de. 4. Data collection on our websiteCookiesOur Internet pages make some use of so-called cookies. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies merely serve to make our services more user-friendly, more effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies”. They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies are stored on your end device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognise your browser the next time you visit.You can set your browser to inform you about cookies being downloaded and to only allow cookies in exceptional cases, to refuse to accept cookies in specific cases or in general and to automatically delete cookies when you close your browser. If cookies are deactivated, this may impede the functioning of this website.Cookies which are required to enable the electronic communication process or to provide specific advanced functions requested by you (e.g. the basket function) are stored on the basis of point (f) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storing of cookies in order to enable technically flawless and optimised provision of its services. Insofar as other cookies (e.g. cookies used to analyse your surfing behaviour) are stored, these will be dealt with separately in our Privacy Policy.Server log filesThe website provider automatically collects and stores in so-called server log files information which your browser automatically transmits to us. This is:browser type and versionoperating system usedreferrer URLhost name of the computer accessing the websitetime the request was made by the serverIP address These data are not collated with other data sources.The basis for the data processing is point (b) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to perform a contract or to undertake measures prior to entering into a contract.Contact formIf you send us enquiries via the contact form, the information you provide in the query form, including the contact data entered by you, is used exclusively to process your enquiry and stored by us for use in the event of subsequent enquiries. We will not pass on these data without your consent.Processing of the data provided in the contact form is thus undertaken exclusively on the basis of your consent (point (a) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR). You can withdraw this consent at any time. To do this, you just need to send us an informal e-mail. The legality of the data processing procedures undertaken prior to withdrawal of your consent is not affected by this withdrawal of consent.We retain the data which you provided in the contact form until you demand that we erase them, withdraw your consent to storage or until the purpose for which the data was stored ceases to exist (e.g. once your enquiry has been processed). Any compulsory statutory provisions, in particular retention periods, are unaffected hereby.Registration on this websiteYou can also register on our website in order to use additional functions offered by the site. The data provided in the course of registration are used exclusively for the purposes of using the services for which you have registered. The compulsory information requested during the registration process must be provided in full; otherwise we will reject the registration.In the event of significant changes, for example, where the scope of services offered changes or if technical changes become necessary, we will use the e-mail address provided by you to inform you of these.Processing of the data provided during registration is undertaken based on your consent (point (a) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR). You can withdraw consent which you have granted at any time. To do this, you just need to send us an informal e-mail. The legality of the data processing already undertaken is not affected by this withdrawal of consent.The data collected during registration are stored by us for as long as you are registered on our website and are deleted thereafter. Any statutory retention periods are unaffected hereby.The processing of data (customer and contractual data)We only collect, process and use personal data insofar as this is necessary for the establishing, content-related arrangement or modification of the legal relationship (core data). This is undertaken on the basis of point (b) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to perform a contract or to undertake measures prior to entering into a contract. We only collect, process and use personal data on the use of our Internet pages (usage data) insofar as this is necessary in order to enable the user to use the services or to bill the user for them.The customer data we have collected are deleted once the contract has been performed or the business relationship terminated. Any statutory retention periods are unaffected hereby.Transfer of data when entering into a contract for online shops, dealers or the dispatch of goodsWe only transfer data to third parties if this is necessary in order to perform the contract, for example, to the company commissioned to deliver the goods or the financial institution responsible for dealing with payment. Transfer of data beyond this is not undertaken or is only undertaken if you have expressly consented to such a transfer. We will not pass your data to third parties, e.g. for advertising purposes, without your express consent.The basis for the data processing is point (b) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to perform a contract or to undertake measures prior to entering into a contract.Transfer of data when entering into a contract for services and digital contentWe only transfer data to third parties if this is necessary in order to perform the contract, for example, to the financial institution responsible for dealing with payment.Transfer of data beyond this is not undertaken or is only undertaken if you have expressly consented to such a transfer. We will not pass your data to third parties, e.g. for advertising purposes, without your express consent.The basis for the data processing is point (b) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR, which permits the processing of data in order to perform a contract or to undertake measures prior to entering into a contract.5. Analytical tools and advertisingMatomo (formerly Piwik)This website uses the open source web analysis service Matomo. Matomo uses so-called "cookies". These are text files which are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the website. To this end, the information on your use of the website generated by the cookie is stored on our server. Prior to saving, the IP address is anonymised.Matomo cookies are stored on your end device until you delete them.The storing of Matomo cookies is undertaken on the basis of point (f) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the anonymised analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both its web presence and its advertising.The information on your use of the website generated by the cookie is not passed on to third parties. You can prevent cookies being saved to your computer by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we must point out that in this case it may not be possible to make full use of all the functions available on our website.If you do not consent to the storage and use of your data, you can deactivate storage and use here. In this case, an opt-out cookie will be saved to your computer which prevents Matomo saving usage data. If you delete the cookies on your computer, the Matomo opt-out cookie will also be deleted. You will need to reactivate the opt-out the next time you visit our site.
http://piwik.uniserve.de/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en (Click for instructions) Google AdWords and Google conversion trackingThis website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising programme operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).
In connection with Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. If you click on an advertisement provided by Google, a conversion tracking cookie is saved to your computer. Cookies are small text files which the Internet browser saves to the user’s computer. These cookies expire after 30 days and are not used to identify the user personally. If the user visits certain pages on our website, and if the cookie has not yet expired, both we and Google can tell that the user has clicked on the advertisement and was directed to this page. Every Google AdWords customer is allocated a different cookie. These cookies cannot be traced via the AdWords customer websites. The information collected using the conversion cookies serves to draw up conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers learn the total number of users who clicked on their advertisement and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information which would allow them to identify the user personally. If you do not wish to be included in this tracking, you can object to this use by deactivating the Google conversion tracking cookie in the user settings of your Internet browser. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics. The storing of “conversion cookies” is undertaken on the basis of point (f) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both its web presence and its advertising.You will find more information on Google AdWords and Google conversion tracking in Google’s Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.You can set your browser to inform you about cookies being downloaded and to only allow cookies in exceptional cases, to refuse to accept cookies in specific cases or in general and to automatically delete cookies when you close your browser. If cookies are deactivated, this may impede the functioning of this website.6. NewsletterNewsletter dataIf you want to receive the newsletter offered by the website, we need you to provide us with an e-mail address and information which helps us to check that the e-mail address you entered is yours and that you consent to receiving the newsletter. Further data is either not collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. We only use these data to send you the information you have requested and do not pass them on to third parties.Processing of the data provided in the newsletter registration form is undertaken exclusively on the basis of your consent (point (a) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR). You can withdraw your consent to storage of the data, the e-mail address and use of the same to send you the newsletter at any time, for example, by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing procedures already undertaken is not affected by this withdrawal of consent.The data provided to us by you for the purpose of receiving the newsletter is saved by us until such time as you unsubscribe from the newsletter and is deleted thereafter. Any data which we have saved for other purposes (e.g. e-mail addresses for the members’ area) are not affected hereby.7. Plugins and ToolsYouTubeOur website uses plugins for the YouTube site operated by Google. The operator for this site is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.If you visit the pages on our website which use a YouTube plugin, a connection to the YouTube servers is established. The YouTube server is notified which of our pages you have visited.If you are logged in to your YouTube account, you enable YouTube to link your surfing behaviour directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.We use YouTube in the interests of presenting our online services appropriately. This constitutes a legitimate interest in the meaning intended in point (f) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR.You will find further information on how user data are used in YouTube’s Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.Google MapsThis site uses an API from the map service Google Maps. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.In order to be able to use the Google Maps functions, your IP address must be saved. This information is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this site has no influence over the transmission of this data.We use Google Maps in the interests of presenting our online services appropriately and in order to make it easy to find the places mentioned by us on our website. This constitutes a legitimate interest in the meaning intended in point (f) of Art. 6 (1) GDPR.You will find further information on how user data are used in Google’s Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.8. Data processing by social networksWe maintain publicly accessible profiles in social networks. You will find information on the social networks we use below.Social networks such as Facebook, Google+ etc. are generally able to comprehensively analyse your user behaviour when you visit their websites or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. ‘Like’ buttons or advertising banners). When you access our social media presences, many processing operations with relevance for data protection are triggered. In particular:If you are logged in to your social media account and you visit our social media pages, the operator of the social media portal can link the visit to your user account. Under certain circumstances your personal data can also be collected even if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the relevant social media portal. In this case, data collection is, for example, effected by means of cookies which are stored on your end device, or by capturing your IP address.Using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals are able to create user profiles in which your preferences and interests are recorded. In this way advertising related to your interests can be shown to you both within and outside the pertinent social media sites. If you have an account with the pertinent social media network, you can be shown adverts relating to your interests on all of the devices on which you are or have been logged in.Please also note that we are not able to trace all processing operations on the social media portals. Therefore, depending upon the provider, other processing operations may be undertaken by the operators of the social media portals. You will find details on this in the Terms and Conditions of Use and the Privacy Policy of the relevant social media portals.Legal basisOur social media profiles are intended to ensure that we have the most comprehensive presence possible on the internet. This constitutes a legitimate interest in the meaning intended in point f of Art. 6(1) GDPR. The analytical process initiated by the social networks may depend upon other legal bases, which must be cited by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent in the meaning intended in point a of Art. 6(1) GDPR).The party responsible and exercising your rightsIf you access our social media presence (e.g. Facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered by this visit. You can, in principle, exercise your rights (to information, rectification, erasure, limitation of processing, data portability and to lodge a complaint) both against us and against the operator of the pertinent social media portal (e.g. against Facebook).Please note that, despite our shared responsibility with the operators of the social media portals, we have limited influence on the data processing operations undertaken by the social media portals. What we are able to do depends largely on the relevant provider’s corporate policy.Duration of storageThe data collected by us via our social media presence is erased from our system as soon as the purpose for which it was stored has been achieved, you request that we erase it, revoke your consent to it being stored or the purpose for which it was stored ceases to exist. Any cookies which have been stored on your computer will remain on your computer until you erase them. Any binding statutory provisions, in particular retention periods, are unaffected hereby.We have no influence over how long your data is stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. For details of this, please turn to the social network operators for information (e.g. in their Privacy Policy, see below).Details on the social networksFacebookWe have a Facebook profile. The provider is Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. Facebook is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.You can adjust your advertising settings yourself in your user account. For this, click on the following link and log in: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=adsYou will find details in Facebook's Privacy Policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/Google+We have a Google + profile. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield:You can adjust your advertising settings yourself in your user account. For this, click on the following link and log in: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticatedYou will find details in Google’s Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacyInstagramWe have an Instagram profile. The provider is Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA. You will find details on how they handle your personal data in Instagram’s Privacy Policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875LinkedInWe have a LinkedIn profile. The provider is LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. LinkedIn is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. LinkedIn uses advertising cookies.If you wish to deactivate the LinkedIn advertising cookies, please use the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-outYou will find details on how they handle your personal data in LinkedIn’s Privacy Policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policyOlsberg, dated 06/07/2018
Name
Size
Privacy Notice UK
93,15 KB
Personal privacy settingsTo change your personal privacy settings please click the following button.
Change privacy settings