https://www.pinch-valves.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
01327 223083enquiry@ako-valves.com12 Rutherford Way, Drayton Fields Industrial Estate, Daventry, NN11 8XWMonday – Friday 8:30 AM – 5 PM
Home ProductsPneumatic Pinch Valves (fail open)Flanged Connection Internal Thread Connection Tri Clamp Connection Weld on Ends Threaded Spigot Connection Threaded Hose Nozzles
Pneumatic Pinch Valves (fail closed) Stainless Steel Pinch Valves Manual Pinch Valves High Performance Pinch Valves Semi-Silo Trailer/Tanker Valves EX Approved Pinch Valves Pressure Relief Valves Pinch Valve Sleeves Pinch Valve Accessories Knife-Gate Valves Butterfly Valves Aerator Pads
CompanyAbout Us AKO Quality Legal Information Research and Development Blog
TechnicalPinch Valve Advantages & Disadvantages Maintaining AKO Pinch Valves Typical Pinch Valve FailuresRuptured/Split/Blistered Sleeves Deformed Sleeves
VideosHow AKO Pinch Valves Work VF Pinch Valve re-sleeve VMC/VMCE Pinch Valve re-sleeve VMP Pinch Valve re-sleeve VT Pinch Valve re-sleeve OV Manual Pinch Valve re-sleeve OV Pneumatic Operated Double Acting Pinch Valve re-sleeve
CAD DrawingsVF Type VMC/VMCE Type VMP Type SAS Type VT Type OV Type
FAQFAQ – Air Pinch Valve FAQ – Mechanical Pinch Valve FAQ – Sleeve for Pinch Valve
ApplicationsCase StudiesVF Type Pinch Valves VMC Type Pinch Valves VMP Pinch Valves VM Type Pinch Valves OV Type Pinch Valves
DocumentationAir Operated Pinch Valves Manual & Control Pinch Valves Pinch Valve Sleeves Pressure Relief Valves Pinch Valve Accessories Knife Gate Valves Quality CAD
Product Codes ContactDistributors
Cookie PolicyYou are here:HomeCookie Policy
Cookies Policy
What are cookies?
Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Like most websites, the AKO UK website uses cookies to collect information.  Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse the website.  They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our website.  Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our website.
Information collected
Some cookies collect information about browsing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device.  This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website.  We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details.
Google Analytics
When someone visits pinch-valves.com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
E-newsletter
We use a third party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our quarterly e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Security and performance
AKO UK uses a third party service WordFence to help maintain the security and performance of our website. To deliver this service it processes the IP addresses of visitors to the website.  To find out more visit https://www.wordfence.com/privacy-policy/
WordPress
The website uses WordPress content management system.  WordPress requires visitors that want to post a comment to enter a name and email address. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please see https://wordpress.org/news/2018/05/wordpress-4-9-6-privacy-and-maintenance-release/
Vimeo
We embed videos from our official Vimeo channel using Vimeo’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the Vimeo video player, but Vimeo will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos. Read more about how this works in Vimeo’s Privacy Policy: https://vimeo.com/privacy
Third party websites & ‘share’ tools
On certain pages of the Website, cookies from third party websites are used. When you visit a page that contains embedded content, for example from Vimeo, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
If you take the opportunity to ‘share’ content with friends through social networks – such as Facebook and Twitter – you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Please be aware that AKO UK does not control and is not responsible for all websites that are referred to or linked from the website, and that use of your personal information on these websites is not subject to this Cookies Policy.
Managing cookies
If cookies aren’t enabled on your computer, it will mean that your user experience on the AKO UK website will be limited to browsing and researching.
What are cookies used for?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are: –
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of our website, particularly in relation to site navigation.
To enable AKO UK to collect statistical information about the use of the website, including to monitor the success of campaigns.  Google Analytics cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers navigate the site, to help us improve both its functionality and your online experience.Google will store this information. For more information please see  Google’s privacy policy at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
How do I disable cookies?
By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future.
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. The “help” section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies.
How to disable cookies on a per browser basis
How to change your cookie settings in Firefox
How to change your cookie settings in Internet Explorer
How to change your cookie settings in Google Chrome
How to change your cookie settings in Safari (OS X)
How to change your cookie settings in Safari (iOS)
How to change your cookie settings in Android
Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site, and the complete AKO UK user experience that we pride ourselves on providing our customers.
Further information about cookies can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/cookies-and-similar-technologies/.
Share this page
Share on FacebookShare on Facebook
TweetShare on Twitter
Share on LinkedInShare on LinkedIn
Share on WhatsAppShare on WhatsApp
Contact Us
10 Reasons to use AKO Products 1. Full Bore
2. 100% Leak Tight
3. Lightweight Construction
4. Elliptical shape body, less air required
5. Various connections to suit most applications
6. No mechanical Parts
7. Reinforced sleeves for abrasive media
8. Quick Closing
9. EX Conformed Valves available
10. Easy maintenance and re-sleeving
Product Catalogue
Air Operated Pinch Valve Sleeves
OM Mechanical Pinch Valve Sleeves
OV Mechanical Pinch Valves
VF Air Operated Pinch Valves
VM Air Operated Pinch Valves
VMC Air Operated Pinch Valves
VMF Air Operated Pinch Valves
VMP Air Operated Pinch Valves
VT Air Operated Tanker Pinch Valves
Go to Top
AKO UK use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience & analyse site traffic. Find out more.Okay, thanks