http://www.precisiontransducers.com/content/privacy
PTGlobal.com
United States of America
Incorrect Country?
Announcement:
As a supplier to many essential business during the COVID-19 crisis PT are ready to help. Most freight lanes are open for essential supplies and most of our products are ready to ship.
Home
About PT
Contact Us
Customer Login / Signup
Search
Product Range
Extensive selection of load cells, indicators, scales and equipment.
Indicators & Displays
Conditioners And Transmitters
Load Cells
Tank/Silo Weighing Assemblies
Special Purpose and Shackle Pins
Pressure Transducers
Options and Accessories
Junction Boxes, Surge Arrestors etc.
Support and Reference
Manuals, Downloads and Customer Support
Download Centre
Video Library
Installations
FAQ
PT Limited Privacy Policy
PT
Limited (PT Global Ltd.) and referred to as ‘PT’ takes data
protection seriously and is committed to acquiring, processing and
storing all the personal data we collect from our stakeholders during
the
processes of our normal business operation in a lawful and
transparent manner.
This
Privacy policy describes what information we collect, how we collect
it, how this information is used, the purpose for collecting the
information and how you can update or control the use of the
information provided by you during your visit to our internet site
(https://www.ptglobal.com
referred to as the ‘Site’) or that we obtain from you through
other forms of communication such as chat, social media, telephone,
facsimile or email. Regardless of whether you access or use this Site
or other channels of communication, via a computer, mobile device or
other platform, this Privacy Policy shall apply.
If
you have any questions or complaint about this Privacy Policy, you
can reach us using the contact information provided below. If you do
not agree with this Privacy Policy in full or in part you should not
enter our web site
What information we collect and how is it
collected?
Information Provided by You
PT
receives and stores information that you provide through the Site or
the other means of communication when you undertake actions such as:
Logging into the Site, establishing an account, posting a message,
participating in a forum or a survey or communicate with any part of
the organisation.
As
a result of the above actions, you might provide PT Limited.,
information such as:
Your Full Name, profession, a Company
name and postal and physical addresses;
Phone numbers, Fax numbers and email
address and social media identities;
Information used to create an account
(I.e, including; user name and password) ;
Payment data including your
Bank
Account details and Credit card /Debit card details/ Security
code
numbers and other related billing information;
References or trading history to
establish credit terms.
Technical Information Collected Automatically
When
you interact with PT certain information is automatically acquired.
This information can include any of the following.
Internet address, origination web
site, language, location, time zone,
log in information, web pages
visited, links clicked,
browser type and plug-ins, email
client, operating system, platform and display capabilities.
Automatically
collected information is not used to personally learn about you.
Cookies
PT
may use various devices to improve you experience when visiting our
site or receiving information. These devices, often referred to as
cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, embedded links are used to;
Store preferences and settings, detect abuse or fraud, analytics,
improve internet based advertising, provide social media feedback
from our social media links.
Information from third parties
PT
may obtain information provided by third parties or available from
public sources that could be combined with personal data. This could
be data such as;
Technical, payment and delivery data, advertising data, credit
references,
information from social media, and various publications.
For What Purpose Do We Use Your Information?
PT
may uses the information collected about you for the following
purposes:
to assist in providing you with sales
and technical information,
to provide customer support and
warranty services,
to arrange shipments and delivery of
products you may order,
to process invoicing, billing and
payments in relation to your requests,
to subscribe you to our newsletter and inform you with news about PT
and the products and services we offer, including product
use and applications, through our newsletter,
to provide you with marketing information to enable you to make informed purchases,
to give you the opportunity to create
an on-line account,
to request feedback and learn more
about your requirements and satisfaction with PT (through surveys,
etc.),
to provide security in verifying your
identity and protecting your information, protecting the security of
our products and services, to detect and prevent any security
threats, fraud or other malicious or criminal activities,
to ensure compliance with statuary
and legal requirements, to ensure contract adherence, dispute
resolutions
or protect
against legal claims,
for monitoring activity and usage of
the Site for administration and improvement purposes,
to measure and ensure that the
information presented on our Site is useful and effective at meeting
your requirements.
Sharing Your Information
Your
personal data may be shared within the PT group for the purposes
mentioned above.
PT
does not sell, rent or share your data to third parties. Unless
provided by this policy we do not share your personal data with third
parties except as listed below.
PT may share certain information that
you provide us with third party service providers we work with to
deliver and fulfil your requirements, such as with mailing and
package delivery services, logistics
services etc. Those service
providers are contractually bound to act in compliance with laws and
restricted from using or disclosing information except necessary to
perform the service or comply with legal requirements.
Prospective partners or service
providers may be provided with information to describe and provide
background in regards the nature of PT and its services. This
information will not contain personal data.
IT service providers hosting our
website, email and databases.
Affiliates or service providers for
the purposes of developing or servicing our hosted services such as
website, email and databases.
Service providers will only use your
data to the extent required for the provision of their services and
will be required to maintain confidentiality of the information they
process.
Your personal data will be disclosed
if required to do so if it is deemed to be required to protect the
rights of PT or its customers in response to a legal demand,
subpoena, warrant or other similar request and we will also disclose
your personal data to any regulatory or law enforcement agency.
In the event of a corporate sale,
reorganisation or dissolution customer information is generally
considered a business asset and as a result will be transferred. The
successor will continue to use your personal data as set out in this
policy.
Transfer and Control of Personal Data
Personal data is administered and
controlled by PT in New Zealand. The information collected from you
will be transferred to, stored and processed in Australia and the
United states by our service providers. We will take all reasonable
steps to ensure your data is handled securely in accordance with this
policy.
Correction and
deletion
In
accordance with other sections of this policy, you have the right to;
Request to change, update or alter
the data,
request to obtain a copy of the data
we hold about you in a commonly used electronic format or request us
to transfer it to another recipient,
request that your personal data to be
completely deleted from our systems
if you have granted us to process
your data for a particular purpose, you can withdraw your consent at
any time.
Choosing not to provide information
You
may decide not to provide your personal data or you may provide
information Anonymously. This will affect the level of service that
we can provide to you and may prevent you purchasing products or
receiving services and offers from PT, although PT will try to
accommodate your request where possible.
Marketing
You
have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for
marketing purposes. You can contact the data protection officer below
at any time to prevent such processing or by opting out of any of our
emailed news letters as noted at the bottom of the page.
Complaints
In
the event that you are not happy about the way we process your data
and you wish to make a complaint to us please use the information for
the data protection officer provided below.
How Do We Keep Your Information Safe?
PT
Ltd
take data security seriously and have implemented appropriate
technical and operational security measures to safeguard the
information under our control against accidental destruction, or loss
or the disclosure to unauthorised parties.
It
is important for you to also keep your data safe by protecting your
account and password information and preventing others accessing your
computer or device.
How Long Do we keep Your Information?
PT
Ltd will retain your personal information for as long as necessary
based on the purposes for which it was obtained. The retention period
criteria would be as follows;
We will keep your data
as long as we
have an ongoing business relationship with you and as appropriate to
fulfil and protect our business needs.
As long as we have an obligations
with you or you towards us.
As required by the legal obligations
such as accounting, tax and other regulations.
As advised in respect of a legal
position in regards litigation, tax, regulatory investigations,
statute of limitations, etc.
As otherwise stated when you provide
PT with your personal data.
Privacy Policy Updates
The
PT Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in
information handling and as the use of personal information by PT is
subject to the policy in effect at the time of use, you are advised
to check the Site frequently to see recent changes.
PT Data Protection Officer
The
Data protection officer is located in the New Zealand Office of PT,
the contact details are as follows:
PT
Ltd,
Steve
Edmonds
2/7
Marken Place,
Glenfield,
Auckland
0627
Phone:
+6494444312
email: support@ptglobal.com
Privacy Policy Revision 20180531
Home
About PT
Contact Us
Customer Login / Signup
About PT
Customer Help
Warranty
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
© PT Limited