http://www.businesswire.com/portal/site/home/privacy/
Privacy Statement | Business Wire
Business Wire Privacy Notice
Last updated October 11, 2019
WHO WE ARE
Business Wire Inc. ("we" or "us") are a 'data controller' for the purposes of the laws of the State of California and, the European Union and its member states (the “General Data Protection Regulation”) and other jurisdictions and we are responsible for, and control the processing of, personal information which we hold about you. Your personal data will be collected, processed and used by us only in compliance with the applicable data protection laws.
This Privacy Notice (the "Privacy Notice") relates to Business Wire Inc. and can be found at BusinessWire.com and its affiliated websites. We may make changes from time to time and will notify you about these changes accordingly. We take your privacy very seriously and we ask that you read this Privacy Notice carefully as it contains important information on:
the personal information we collect about you if you are a member or just a visitor to the website;
what we do with your information to administer your membership, action your request and make suggestions of content which might interest you;
who your information might be shared with; and
your rights.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND WHY?
Personal information provided by you
If you are a member
We collect and process personal information about you (such as your name, title, company name, e-mail address, street address, telephone numbers, employer company profile, billing information, beat (for media users) and categories of interest) when you register with us as a member. We also collect personal information which you provide when you contact us, use the live chat function or interact with us on social media. We only collect and process the aforementioned personal information without your consent, if the personal data is necessary for the performance of the services. The processing of your data is in particular necessary to process your membership and take payment, including fraud prevention, to send services you request (such as your subscribed articles, news feeds and event information) and to answer your questions, enquiries or complaints.
Please note, if we do not hold your personal information then we will not be able to provide our services to you.
For the following purposes we will only process your personal data with your consent:
to send marketing information and
to improve our services by analyzing your usage of our services to determine changes we could make which would be beneficial to our members or offer them more options.
If you are not a member
On our website, you might complete our contact form, request a copy of our white papers or research documents, or sign up to attend an event. We will need your name and email address to enable us to respond to your question, deliver the documents or to register you for the event, where we also ask for your job title. We process personal information that you provide to us when you contact us, use the live chat function or interact with us on social media for communication purposes only.
If you are just browsing our website, we will not collect personal data, unless you consent to a cookie being set. If you accept cookies, we will collect your IP address for the purposes set out in the Cookie Policy, such purpose might be, depending on the cookie, to track your usage of the website, recognize you if you return and to make suggestions of other articles or services that we think will interest you, based on your viewing. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
Personal information about other individuals
If you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that the other person has appointed you to act on his/her behalf and has agreed that you can provide the information. Furthermore, you confirm, that you informed the other person about the content of this Privacy Notice, by providing him/her with a current version of it.
Information collected on the website
We collect information about usage of our website by all visitors. This information is statistical and aggregated and does not identify you.
We collect this information so that we can:
tailor and personalize user experience; and
monitor our website usage to improve our services.
Use of Cookies
Please see our Cookie Policy to see what cookies we use on our website.
When is processing of your personal data legal?
We are allowed to process your personal data for example for the following reasons and on the following legal basis:
Performance of the contract
If you are a member, the following personal data is necessary for the performance of the contract you have agreed to enter with Business Wire Inc. or any of its subsidiaries: [Name; Address, Account Number] For example, so Business Wire Inc. can process your service request and send out invoices for its services.
Consent
We collect, process and use your personal data for specific purposes if you have given your consent to the collection, processing and use of specific personal data for such purposes. You may withdraw your consent any time.
Legitimate interest
If processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, except where such interest is overridden by your interest.
Other legal grounds
Your personal data may also be collected, processed and used without your consent, if the collection, processing, or use of the data:
is required due to legal obligations or orders by public authorities or courts,
is necessary to substantiate or protect legal claims or to defend against lawsuits, or
serves to prevent abuse or other illegal activities.
KEEPING YOUR DATA SECURE
We will use technical and organizational measures to safeguard your personal data, for example:
access to your account is controlled by a password and user name that are unique to you;
we store your personal data on secure servers; and
we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure secure connections on our website and that data on our website is encrypted. This means that we convert your data into a computer code, which will make it harder for hackers to access your data on our website.
While we will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal data, you acknowledge that the use of the internet is not entirely secure and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal data that are transferred from you or to you via the internet. If you have any particular concerns about your information, please contact us (please see the 'Contact us' section below).
Who will we share your information with?
Like any business, we use service providers to operate our services, for example such as website hosting, customer relationship databases and systems. Some of these service providers will process your data as part of the services they offer to us. We take steps to ensure that our service providers treat your data in accordance with the law, only use it in accordance with our contract with them and keep it secure. If you want a list of the companies that we engage, please contact us (see 'Contact us' section below).
Transfers of your information out of the EEA
Business Wire store data about www.businesswire.com customers in the United States and we use these central systems for the processing of your data. Any transfer of your data will be carried out in accordance with the law, to safeguard your privacy rights and in the unlikely event of a security breach, give you remedies, or any other similar approved mechanisms. We will ensure that any transfer of your personal data to the United States is done on the basis of EU Model Clauses or on the basis of the Privacy Shield in order to achieve an adequate level of data protection. To facilitate our global operations personal data may be accessed by the following Business Wire subsidiaries:
Business Wire Europe Limited
Business Wire France SARL
Business Wire Canada Limited
Business Wire China Limited
Business Wire Japan K.K.
Business Wire Asia-Pacific Pty Limited (Sydney)
If you want more detail about the safeguards put in place for international transfers, please contact us (please see the 'Contact us' section below).
How long will we keep your data for?
We will retain your personal data while we are providing our services to you and we will not retain your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary.
MARKETING
If you are a member, we will only send direct marketing to you if you have given us your consent to do so and we will not transfer your personal data to third parties without your consent other than in the context of a sale of this web site or a sale of our business.
Whenever you receive direct marketing by email you will be told how to unsubscribe electronically. You can opt out from receiving any of these marketing messages by going to the Preference Centre on our website or see 'Your Rights' for further information.
WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE?
As a data subject, you have the following legal rights:
the right of access to personal data relating to you
the right to correct any mistakes in your information
the right to restrict or object to your personal data being processed
the right to receive and/or have your personal data ported to another data controller
the right to erasure
the right to provide instructions regarding the processing of your personal data after your death.
the right to stop receiving marketing emails
the right to prevent the sale of your personal data
compensation for damage caused by contravention of the law
the right to notify the Privacy Enforcement & Protection Unit at the California Attorney General's Office or your local privacy enforcement body if you believe we have not handled your personal data in accordance with the laws.
Some of these rights are explained in more detail below, but if you have any comments, concerns or complaints about our use of your personal data, please contact us (please see the 'Contact us' section at the bottom, below). We will respond to any rights that you exercise within a month of receiving your request, unless the request is particularly complex, in which case we will respond within three months.
1. Right to access to personal data relating to you
You may ask to see what personal data we hold about you and be provided with:
a copy;
details of the purpose for which it is being or is to be processed;
details of the recipients or classes of recipients to whom it is or may be disclosed, including if they are overseas and what protections are used for those oversea transfers;
the period for which it is held (or the criteria we use to determine how long it is held);
any information available about the source of that data; and
whether we carry out an automated decision-making, or profiling, and where we do information about the logic involved and the envisaged outcome or consequences of that decision or profiling.
See the 'Contact us' for details of who to contact to make a request for your personal data. To help us find the information easily, please give us as much information as possible about the type of information you would like to see.
2. Right to correct any mistakes in your information
You can require us to correct any mistakes in your information, which we hold free of charge. If you would like to do this, please:
email, call or write to us (see the 'Contact us' section below),
let us have enough information to identify you, and
let us know the information that is incorrect and how it should be corrected.
3. Right to restrict or prevent processing of personal data
You may request that we stop processing your personal data if:
you do not think that your data is accurate. We will start processing again once we have confirmed that it is accurate;
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want us to erase your data;
we no longer need the personal data for our processing, but you need the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
you have objected to processing because you believe that your interests should override our legitimate interests.
4. Right to ask us to stop contacting you with direct marketing
You can ask us to stop contacting you for direct marketing purposes at any time. If you would like to do this, please:
click on the 'unsubscribe' button at the bottom of the email. It may take some additional amount of time for this to take place; or
click on the link in the footer of any email you receive from Business Wire and use our preference center or;
contact us {please see the 'Contact Us' section).
5. Right to Prevent Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties
You have the right to prohibit Business Wire from selling your personal information to any third party. That being said, Business Wire does not sell any personal information to any third party.
6. What will happen if your rights are breached?
If your statutory data subject rights of the applicable data privacy laws are violated you may be entitled to remedies, including monetary compensation under the applicable privacy laws.
7. Complaints
If you do not think that we have processed your data in accordance with this notice, please contact us in the first instance, at the details in the 'Contact us' section directly below.
If you are not satisfied, you can complain to the California Attorney General's Office, or your local privacy enforcement body located in your jurisdiction. Information about how to do this is available on his website at www.oag.ca.gov/contact.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or the information, we hold about you. Please call us at 212.295.1755, send an email to dpo@businesswire.com or contact us via mail:
Data Protection Officer Business Wire, Inc. 101 California Street 20th Floor San Francisco, CA 94111 United States of America
Site Navigation
Home
Home
Submit a Press Release
Services
News
All News
News with Multimedia
News by Industry
News by Subject
News by Language
Tradeshows & Events
Education
Overview
Blog
Distribution & Media
Media & Journalist Tools
Sample Press Release
Find Your News Online
Disclosure Resources
About Us
Overview
Become a Member
Contact Us
Careers
Business Wire Newsroom
Business Wire Events
Search
Advanced News Search
Advanced News Search
Log In
Sign Up
Follow Us
Twitter
LinkedIn
More from Business Wire
Blog
UK/Ireland
Deutschland
France
Hong Kong
Italy
Japan
Tradeshownews.com
Business Wire Information
Contact Us
UK Tax Strategy
Privacy
Manage Cookies
Terms of Use
© 2020 Business Wire, Inc.