http://www.alyuda.com/privacy
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Alyuda understands your desire to protect personal information. We intend to inform you how your personal information will be gathered, tracked or used, and to give you choices. If choices are not offered on web pages where your personal information is obtained, please use the contact information at the bottom of this statement to indicate your communication preferences.
What information we gather and track
We request personal information when you place an order, register a product, request a service, answer a survey, correspond with us or engage in certain other activities on our website. For example:
1. If you submit an order on-line with us, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction - such as your name, address, and credit card number.
2. If you request technical support online, we will ask you for information necessary to complete the transaction — such as your name address and information about your computer hardware, software and the nature of the problem you are experiencing.
You make the decision whether to proceed with any activity that requests personal information. If you do not wish to provide the requested information, however, you may not be able to complete the transaction. Software: Demo Version
Absolutely no personal information is required to download and try out demo software. Additionally, demo software will never send ANY information to us or any of our servers.
Software: Registered Version
If you choose to purchase our software, some personal information is required to complete the purchase. Information like your name/company, address, and billing information like your credit card number is collected. Your billing information is only used to complete the sale, and is NOT stored in any database. All methods of purchase are ssl encrypted and detailed information can be obtained from the website at time of purchase. Your personal information is securely stored, and is never given out to anyone, or used by us for anything other than a purchase.
How we use the information we gather and track
We use personally identifiable information in the following ways:
1. To provide you with information about product upgrades, new products, services, newsletters, informative emails, and research on future product ideas or improvements;
2. To allow you to purchase and download products, obtain access to services or otherwise engage in activities you select;
3. To help you quickly find software, services or product information important to you;
4. To assist us in creating content that is relevant to you;
5. To provide you with special offers that may be of interest to you;
6. To assist us in creating better products and services to meet your needs;
With whom we may share your information
Alyuda retains the services of outside contractors to provide services for us. They may be used to ship products, provide technical support, or handle order processing. We require that these contractors keep the personal information of customers secure and confidential. We also require that these contractors use personal information only on behalf of Alyuda.
Please be advised that in certain instances, it may be necessary for Alyuda to disclose your personal information to government officials or otherwise as required by our legal obligations.
Choice opt-out
Alyuda provides a number of ways for you to ‘opt-out’ of receiving additional information from us or having us provide your personal information to our partners. We may offer you these choices at the time you give us your information.
If you are on a Alyuda web page that requires personal information but does not offer communication choices, or would like to change your preferences for information that you have previously provided, please use contact information at the bottom of this statement.
If you are registering a version of a product that does not provide you the capability to indicate your communication preferences, please complete use contact information at the bottom of this statement.
If you do not wish to continue receiving our e-mail newsletters you can opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to the unsubscribe in the subject line in the email.
Security and quality of personal information
We have taken security measures, consistent with international information practices, to protect your personal information. These measures include technical and procedural steps to protect your data from misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, loss, alteration, or destruction. Credit card information is transmitted using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption.
We make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to update or correct your personal information. If you believe that Alyuda does not have your current personal information, you can use contact information at the bottom of this statement.
Cookies
Alyuda may use cookies from time to time. A cookie is a unique text file that a website can send to your browser software. Cookies enable a website to tailor information presented to you based on your browsing preferences. Alyuda may use cookies to personalize your pages at our website, or to remember you when you register for products or services. If you do not want Alyuda to deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a website tries to put a cookie in your browser software. Rejecting cookies may affect your ability to use of some of the products and/or services at our website.
Alyuda may also use cookies to track your visit to our website. While our Web servers may automatically log your IP address, this information does not identify you and you remain anonymous.
Website traffic
We may track domain names, IP addresses, and browser types from people who visit our website. We use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout Alyuda’s website. Such information is not correlated with any personal information.
Links to business partners
At the Alyuda website, there are a number of links to companies with whom we have a relationship. Alyuda is not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners. We encourage you to read their privacy statements, as they may differ from ours.
Other privacy considerations
Please remember that information you submit in a discussion group or forum will be deemed public information and is not confidential. There is a risk in such communication venues that information can be collected and used by others. Please be careful and responsible when you are online.
Policy changes
In the event there is a major change to Alyuda's privacy practices, a prominent notice will be posted on our website. If the change involves the use of your personally identifiable information, the notice will contain instructions on how you can opt-out of such use.
Contact Information
If you have any questions, comments, or would like to change your communication preferences, please contact us at: privacy@alyuda.com.
Contact Us
We will be glad to answer all of your questions. Please fill the form below, contact our Sales Representative or contact directly the appropriate department.
Cancel
Send