https://www.heinens.com/policies/
Skip to main content
Weekly Ad
Login
[USERNAME]
My Profile
Order History
Logout
Home > Policies
Policies
Customer Relations
Product Inquiries & Requests
Product Recalls
Donation Requests
Job Opportunities
Entertaining
Gift Cards
FAQs
New Vendor Requests
Accounts Payable & Receivable
IT Sales
Marketing & Public Relations
Policies
Tasteful Rewards Program
Teaming Up For Education
PoliciesCustomer Relations
Product Inquiries & Requests
Product Recalls
Donation Requests
Job Opportunities
Entertaining
Gift Cards
FAQs
New Vendor Requests
Accounts Payable & Receivable
IT Sales
Marketing & Public Relations
Policies
Tasteful Rewards Program
Teaming Up For Education
Heinen’s Terms of Use
AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND HEINEN’S (the “Heinen’s” or the “Company”)
The Heinen’s Web Site (https://www.heinens.com/) is comprised of various Web pages operated by Heinen’s (collectively, the “Web Site”).
The Heinen’s Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Heinen’s Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
Heinen’s reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Web Site is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Heinen’s Web Site. Your continued use of the Web Site following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Heinen’s and Heinen’s is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Heinen’s is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Heinen’s is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Heinen’s of the site or any association with its operators.
The Web Site may provide certain social media features that enable you to: (i) Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on this Web Site; (ii) Send emails or other communications with certain content, or links to certain content, on this Web Site; or (iii) Cause limited portions of content on this Web Site to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites.
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not: (i) Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you; (ii) Cause the Web Site or portions of it to be displayed on, or appear to be displayed by, any other site, for example, framing, deep linking, or in-line linking; (or) Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Web Site that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with these Terms of Use.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to stop. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our discretion.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the Web Site, you warrant to Heinen’s that you will not use the Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Web Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Web Site, nor shall you introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Web Site. You may not use the Web Site for the purpose of exploiting, harming, or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information, or otherwise. You may not transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material without our prior written consent, including any “junk mail,” “chain letter,” “spam,” or any other similar solicitation. You may not impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company, a Company employee, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using email addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing).
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The Web Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities (collectively, “Communication Services”) designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (such communications, “User Communication ”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Heinen’s has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Heinen’s reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Heinen’s reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Heinen’s reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in our sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Heinen’s does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Heinen’s specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Heinen’s spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Heinen’s.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO HEINEN’S OR POSTED AT ANY HEINEN’S WEB SITE
Heinen’s does not claim ownership of the User Communications (including feedback and suggestions). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your User Communications  you are granting Heinen’s, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees a worldwide, royalty free, fully paid, perpetual, non-revocable, sublicenseable license  to use your User Communication in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your User Communication; and to publish your name in connection with your User Communication.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your User Communication, as provided herein. Heinen’s is under no obligation to post or use any User Communication you may provide and may remove any User Communication at any time in our sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your User Communication you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your User Communication as described in this section including, without limitation, the right to grant the above license and all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEB SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. HEINEN’S AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE WEB SITE AT ANY TIME. ADVICE RECEIVED VIA THE WEB SITE SHOULD NOT BE RELIED UPON FOR PERSONAL, MEDICAL, LEGAL OR FINANCIAL DECISIONS AND YOU SHOULD CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE TAILORED TO YOUR SITUATION.
HEINEN’S AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE WEB SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. HEINEN’S AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL HEINEN’S AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE WEB SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEB SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF HEINEN’S OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE WEB SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE WEB SITE.
SERVICE CONTACT: consumeraffairs@heinens.com
TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION
Heinen’s reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Web Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice.
GENERAL
To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Web Site. Use of the Web Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Heinen’s as a result of this agreement or use of the Web Site. Our performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of our right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Web Site or information provided to or gathered by Heinen’s with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Heinen’s with respect to the Web Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Heinen’s with respect to the Web Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish of the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.
The Web Site and its entire contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement thereof) are owned by the Company, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. These Terms of Use permit you to use the Web Site for your personal, non-commercial use only. You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any part of the Web Site or any services or materials available through the Web Site.
The Company name, the Heinen’s logo, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of Heinen’s. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on this Web Site are the trademarks of their respective owners.
NOTICES AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to Service Provider’s Designated Agent. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE. See Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
The information presented on or through the Web Site is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to the Web Site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VISITS TO THE WEBSITE
All information we collect on this Website is subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
YOUR COMMENTS AND CONCERNS
All feedback, comments, requests for technical support, and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to: consumeraffairs@heinens.com.
Heinen’s Privacy Policy
Introduction
Heinen’s (“Company” or “we”) respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website: https://www.heinens.com/ (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.Through our Retail Loyalty Card Program (Tasteful Rewards).In the process of conducting a transaction.
It does not apply to information collected by:
Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by the Company or any third party; orAny third party including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features, register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at consumeraffairs@heinens.com or 1-855-475-2300 Ext 2337.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);Credit card and other similar financial information;That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as product preferences, purchasing patterns, or transaction histories; and/orAbout your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website, and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.From third parties, for example, our business partners.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.Information based on your purchases such as your “favorite products” that can be created on the Website.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively,
“User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically does not include personal information. This helps us improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. We also use what are referred to as session cookies, which make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To provide you with notices about your account.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it.To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our goods and services that may be of interest to you. Once you have registered to use the Website, you will be provided with access to a “Preferences” page that will allow you to tailor our commercial communications to your preferences. To change your preferences simply click “Login” on the top menu bar. Once you have signed in you will see a “Preferences” section in your profile. If you do not want to receive commercial communications from us, please select your choices by using the sliders available on that page.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our terms of use [INSERT AS LINK TO WEBSITE’S TERMS OF USE] and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own products or services, you can opt-out by logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to consumeraffairs@heinens.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
You may also send us an email at consumeraffairs@heinens.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use [URL LINK TO WEBSITE’S TERMS OF USE].
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.
Mobile Devices
Mobile Device Unique Identifier.  When connecting to the Website via a service provider that uniquely identifies your mobile device, the Company may receive this identification and use it to offer extended services and/or functionality. Certain services may require our collection of your phone number. We may associate that phone number to the mobile device identification information. However, we will not use that phone number or share your number for the use of telemarketing.
Physical Location. When you download our mobile applications, the Company obtains your consent to use the information for pinpointing technology such as GPS and cell tower information. We may use and store this information, in combination with other location-based information such as IP address, billing postal code provided by your carrier or registration location, to provide enhanced location-based services, serve location-targeted advertising, search results, and other content.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit the State of California Department of Justice Officer of the Attorney General website.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Once we received the data it is immediately re-encrypted prior to storage. By default, payment card data is permanently destroyed within 91 days of submission.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: consumeraffairs@heinens.com or 1-855-475-2300 Ext 2337.
Privacy Notice for California Residents
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in Heinen’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
Our Website (https://www.heinens.com/) collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, our Website has collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Identifiers.         Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.         Collected: YESPersonal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).               Examples: A name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial informationSome personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.Collected: YESProtected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Examples: Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).Collected: NOCommercial information.             Example: Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.Collected: YESBiometric information.Example: Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.   Collected: NOInternet or other similar network activity.            Example: Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.  Collected: YESGeolocation data.           Example: Physical location or movements.          Collected: YESSensory data.    Example: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.       Collected: NOProfessional or employment-related information.            Example: Current or past job history or performance evaluations.             Collected: NONon-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).          Example: Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.           Collected: NOInferences drawn from other personal information.        Example: Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.              Collected: YES
Our Website obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our Website.
Use of Personal Information
We may use, sell, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us  about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose, or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales. We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers and business partners.Affiliated entities.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
Service providers and business partners.Affiliated entities.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has sold the following categories of personal information:
Category D: Commercial information.
Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.
Category G: Geolocation data.
Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We sell your personal information to the following categories of third parties:
Internet cookie data recipientsData Aggregators
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-855-475-2300 Ext 2337.Emailing us at consumeraffairs@heinens.com.
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by either:
Calling us at 1-855-475-2300 Ext 2337.Emailing us at consumeraffairs@heinens.com.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by either:
Calling us at 1-855-475-2300 Ext 2337.Emailing us at consumeraffairs@heinens.com.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to consumeraffairs@heinens.com.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Heinen’s collects and uses your information described here and in the Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1-855-475-2300 Ext 2337Email: consumeraffairs@heinens.com
Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information
Heinen’s (“Company,” “we” or “us”) respects your privacy. Your trust is important to us and we are committed to providing you with meaningful choices with respect to the information we collect from or about you. Beginning January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”) provides California residents with certain rights with respect to their Personal Information, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of Personal Information as explained below.
We collect information from or about you, including Personal Information, when you use our services as described in our Privacy Policy. We generally do not directly sell your Personal Information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money).  Like many companies, however, we use services that help deliver interest-based ads to you and may transfer Personal Information to business partners for their use. Making Personal Information (such as online identifiers or browsing activity) available to these companies may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.
Under the CCPA, you have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your Personal Information. We provide this right, subject to a verifiable consumer request. To exercise this right email us at consumeraffairs@heinens.com. You can also call our toll-free number at -855-475-2300 Ext 2337 to speak with one of our representatives.
Please note that this opt-out will apply on a going forward basis with respect to our disclosure of information. Additionally some transfers of your Personal Information may not be considered “sales” and certain exemptions may apply under the CCPA.  Your selection does not affect other sharing of your information, as outlined in our Privacy Policy. You will still see some advertising, regardless of your selection. Your selection is saved to this browser, on this device.
If you have any other questions or requests, please contact us at:
Phone: 1-855-475-2300 Ext 2337Email: consumeraffairs@heinens.com
Heinen’s Coupon Policy
Manufacturers Coupons
Company Name or logo must be displayed on the couponBarcode (UPC/GS1) must be visible so it can be scannedThe expiration date must be visibleHeinen’s accepts one coupon per itemHeinen’s does not double or triple coupons
Internet Coupons
Company name or logo must be displayed on the couponThe wording “Manufacturer’s Coupon” must be present on the front of the couponBarcode (UPC/GS1) must be visible so it can be scannedThe expiration date must be visibleInternet coupons are only accepted up to $3.00We do not accept internet coupons for FREE productsPhotocopies and scanned coupons are not acceptedWe accept only one coupon per item but will accept up to two coupons on like products (example: if you purchase two bottles of detergent you may use one coupon per bottle). If a third is purchased, no internet coupon can be used, but a conventional paper manufacturers coupon can be used on the third item
Mobile Coupons
Currently, Heinen’s does not accept coupons loaded onto a mobile device. (cell phones, smartphones, iPads, etc.)
Heinen’s Rain Check Policy
Rain checks are temporarily suspended.
Rain checks will be issued at the Store Customer Service Desk only Rain checks are valid for 30 daysHeinen’s reserves the right to limit quantities when issuing rain checksManager approval must be obtained for large quantity requestsRain checks will be issued for advertised items onlyNo rainchecks allowed on fresh seafood, prepared food, or floral items, on one-day promotions, or where otherwise noted in communication from Heinen’s
Heinen’s Ad Disclaimer
No rain checks allowed on fresh seafood, prepared foods or floral itemsWe reserve the right to limit quantitiesNone sold to vendorsNot responsible for typographical or photographic errorsNot all items available at all stores
Heinen’s Return Policy
Please contact your store of purchase for return informationAlcohol purchases cannot be returned to any store
Heinen’s Solicitation Policy
Heinen’s does not permit solicitation anywhere on our property, with limited exceptions approved by our executive team, including Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts drives in select areas. For further information, please contact, in writing, Heinen’s Customer Relations Department at:
Heinen’sCustomer Relations4540 Richmond RoadWarrensville Hts, Ohio 44128consumeraffairs@heinens.com1-855-475-2300, Ext 2337
This site is not optimized for your current browser (Internet Explorer 11).
Please switch to one of the following browsers for a complete viewing experience:
Chrome
Firefox
Edge