https://www.fabcoproducts.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Fabco Products, Inc. respects your privacy and our site visitors’ information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information CollectedIf you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@fabcoproducts.com or by filling out a “contact” form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by OthersThis notice addresses only Fabco Products, Inc.’s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Fabco Products, Inc. is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
CookiesFabco Products, Inc.’s website does not use cookies.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal InformationIf you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with “Remove personal information” in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of InformationFabco Products, Inc. may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy ChangesPlease note that Fabco Products, Inc. reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page. This policy statement is made in the name of Fabco Products, Inc. and is effective as of July 22, 2011. This statement does not create an agreement between Fabco Products, Inc. and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:Fabco Products, Inc. P.O. Box 489 2521 South FM 2869Hawkins, TX 75765 Phone: 903.769.3707Fax: 903.769.5989Email: info@fabcoproducts.com
Home
Fabco Products
Vane Mist Extractors / Eliminators
Wire Mesh Extractors
Structured Packing
Coalescing Plate Pack
Thermal Electric Treaters
Bubble Caps
Fabco Custom Separation Products
Sheet Metal Fabrication Services
CAD Drawings
About Us
Contact Us
Request Information
CALL US