http://www.paragon-training.com/pages/privacy-policy
Call Us: +(44) 01582 420 450
0
Items £0.00 |
Basket |
Log In |
Sign Up
Privacy Policy
Paragon Training is owned and operated by Paragon Training, and is committed to safeguarding your online privacy. This statement is therefore set out to outline how we make use of the information you submit to us if you register. The terms contained on this page may be revised from time to time. To protect your interests, visit this page periodically to review the current terms of our policy.
Your privacy is important to us. We want you to know that when you use our web site, your personally identifiable information will be respected and protected. We will not provide any information about you to third parties.
This web site conforms to the requirements of the Data Protection Act, 1998 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003. We shall follow strict security procedures, outlined in the Data Protection Act 1998 to, ensure your personal information is not damaged, sold, destroyed, or disclosed to a third party without your permission and to prevent unauthorised access to it. You have a right to view your personal information and make amendments.
Personal information is requested when you register to be a member. During registration, you are asked to provide your name, email address, postal address, postal code, etc. We will not collect personal data of persons aged 16 years or under.
Paragon Training’s purpose in collecting personal information is to identify the members and to send accurate details to our offices to complete the order process. We may also send you reminders, updates and important announcements via post, sms text and/or email. You may withdraw from these updates and reminders at any time and your details will be removed from our marketing database.
If you submit your credit card details to pay for an order this is done through a secure payment gateway. Paragon Training will not store your credit card details or transmit them to anyone else. Paragon Training will not be held responsible for any consequential loss resultant from any fraudulent use of the credit card.
Paragon Training may from time to time use “cookies”; users are given the option to opt out of receiving “cookies” at membership sign up.
Members hold freedom to express themselves in their feedback. Although your intellectual freedom is respected, Paragon Training reserves the right to remove from our web site any material deemed threatening, immoral, racist, inaccurate, malicious, defamatory, in bad taste or illegal.
junk email filter
;