http://www.hfe-signs.co.uk/terms-and-conditions.php
×
Continue Shopping
Checkout Now
HFE Signs
UK's No.1 Mail Order Signs,
Banners & Digital Print
01283 576017
Sales
Advice
Support
Ordering
LoginSupply ArtworkBlog
Shopping Cart | View
0 items | £0.00
HomeProducts
PVC Banners NEXT DAY (UK)
Roller Banners
Printed Signs & Printed Boards
Safety Signs & Warning Signs
Pavement Signs From £54.06
Feather Flags & Sail Banners UK
Banner Stands & Displays
Magnetic Signs
Self Adhesive Vinyl & Labels
Poster Printing
Poster & Menu Displays
Printed Wallpaper
Spares & Accessories
*Clearance 30% Discount*
Special Offer PVC Banners & Signs
Heavy Duty Rustic Chalkboards
COVID19 Products
Clearance CCTV Signs
AboutSupportOrderGalleryContactSpecial Offers
HFE Signs Home
Back to HFE Signs Home
Terms and Conditions
LegalThe Terms & conditions listed below must be accepted in return for receiving product information, prices, services and any other information about our company.
Terms & Conditions
No liability is accepted for third party websites linked to or from or accessible through www.hfe-signs.co.uk nor do we approve or endorse the contents of any such sites.
The entire contents of www.hfe-signs.co.uk are copyright with all rights reserved and remain our property under all circumstances.
In the event of a dispute arising from the use or contents of www.hfe-signs.co.uk we HFE Signs Ltd. and you the user, agree to accept the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales .
Information supplied in our web pages has been prepared with great care and is accurate to the best of our knowledge, this information being honest, of decent nature and legal from the date of creation. You agree that information or material accessed or downloaded through our web pages for personal or private use is done so entirely at your own risk and that you accept full responsibility for any damage to hardware or software or data loss even if we are aware of the possibilities of such damage.
Information supplied on our web pages is for guidance only and does not in any part form a contract and may be subject to change without notice. Great effort is made to ensure we provide accurate and current information on our web pages. We are not liable for any incidental, consequential, cumulative, direct or indirect loses or damages from the use or misuse or inability to use, including omissions and misrepresentations and any errors on our web pages.
You may download or print selections of our web site if the purpose is only used for your personal information and not for reproduction. Except where stated. The text, graphics and information of the web site are the copyright of HFE Signs Ltd. Copying and storage of this web site or any contents of it for permanent use or incorporation and reproduction whether for new media, digital or hardcopy use is strictly prohibited.
We do not accept property damage liability caused by the incorrect use or incorrect fitting of our products. If our products are used for any other purpose other than stated on our website it is at your own risk.
We reserve the right to use images of goods manufactured by HFE Signs Ltd. for advertising and promotional information, if you do not agree to this you MUST make us aware at point of order in writing.
Copyright
Images supplied to us for re-production must be owned by you, the customer. In the event of a dispute arising due to ownership of any image or detail, hard copy or digital if provided by you, then you will be entirely liable. This is applicable to all images, artwork, text and details sent to us by post, email, fax, uploaded, emailed, inserted into our design online or delivered by hand. If you are not the owner, creator or originator of the file(s) or detail provided, it is your responsibility to obtain the legal rights for the re-production by HFE Signs for the purpose of use.
By uploading files, you are taking full responsibility regarding ownership and usage. By uploading artwork you are confirming you are the intellectual owner or you have permission or the file is permitted to be reproduced in the form of your request. You take full responsibility for the files you upload and HFE Signs Ltd will not be responsible for any claims with regard to infringement.
Payment
In general we ask for full payment at point of order, proof designs / images can be supplied if requested. Dependent on current work load we may issue a proof prior to order, however if work load is high we will issue proof after the order has been placed. We do not cut any materials until you, the customer are happy with the proof. Note: You must ask for a proof to receive this service.
Payment can be made via bank cheque, bankers draft, credit / debit card or cash if delivered by hand. For regular trade customers we may offer a 30 day credit account, subject to references. HFE Signs reserve the right to refuse credit.
All goods remain the property of HFE Signs Ltd. until paid for in full.
We reserve the right to change our standard payment terms on larger contracts or unusual orders, in such a case we may ask for 50% deposit in advance and remaining balance paid on delivery.
FREE Delivery Offers
Our FREE UK Delivery offers may incur a supplement fee if you are located in a higher rate delivery area. The supplement fee is the cost charged to us by the couriers on top of the usual delivery amount. For example if your delivery charge is £18+vat for your area we discount the usual delivery cost of say, £12+vat meaning all you pay is £4+vat you therefore still benefit by the same amount from this great offer. The majority of UK mainland addresses have no supplement and your goods are delivered free of charge without supplement.
Privacy
Statement of Intent
The purpose of this privacy statement is to provide you, the user, with details of how HFE Signs Ltd. will collect, store and use the personal data you supply to us. Personal data is information which relates to identifiable living individuals. This Privacy Policy is expressly incorporated into the Terms and Conditions of Use of this web site.
It is the stated policy of HFE Signs Ltd. that we will act in accordance with current legislation and aims to meet current best practice with regard to the processing of personal data.
Collection of Customer Data
In using this site, you may provide certain personal data to HFE Signs Ltd. and certain data about you may be collected by 'cookies'. Cookies are temporary Internet files which are used by websites to enhance the use of site features, and to allow us to build up a more detailed profile of number of visits/ visitors. In agreeing to be bound by the Terms and Conditions of the web site (of which this Privacy Policy forms part), you agree that HFE Signs Ltd. can compile and process this personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please see the below Cookies Statement for further information on Cookies.
GDPR Simply Privacy Policy
What personal information HFE Signs collect.
HFE Signs only collect information required for processing orders, this consists of goods ordered, contact name, contact phone numbers, email address and invoice & delivery addresses.
How and why HFE Signs collect it.
Data is collected either by email, telephone or by online ordering and this is decided by the preferred way a customer chooses to order. Data is solely collected to enable HFE to process and deliver goods.
How HFE use it.
HFE Signs will use collected data and personal information for the purpose of processing orders. Data will be stored for future customer services and/or to assist with repeat orders and traceability.
Opt in emails.
At the point of order by either ordering method, the customer is given the choice of opting in to the HFE email marketing, this data will be stored in the CRM and will enable them to be made aware of special offers. If anyone does not opt in, they will automatically be opted out and will not receive emails and offers.
How HFE secure it.
Data is stored digitally on CRM systems that are password protected, limited staff have access to this data. Staff have signed documentation acknowledging that they understand the GDPR regulations and the confidentiality of this data.
Third parties with access to it.
No third party access is granted and all data stored is strictly for the use of HFE Signs.
How HFE users control any aspects of this.
HFE users have the ability to update this data and keep records accurate. The HFE Data controller can remove data.
Use of Personal Data
HFE Signs Ltd. shall only use your data for the purposes for which it is provided or for purposes to which you have consented.
We will also hold your data to assist in future orders / requirements we may send you details of selected products and services that we think you will find valuable. We will not pass your details to any third parties involved in signage or any other products.
Storage and Correction of Personal Data
HFE Signs Ltd. will retain the personal data we hold unless and until you send HFE Signs Ltd. notice that you no longer wish us to retain this data. HFE Signs Ltd. is obliged to supply you, on request, with a copy of the personal data it holds about you. If you wish to exercise this right, please contact HFE Signs Ltd. using our normal contact. Should you discover any inaccuracies in such personal information, please notify HFE Signs Ltd. as soon as possible at the same address. We will then update our records.
Cookies Statement
This is the Cookies Statement referred to in the foregoing HFE Signs Ltd. Privacy Policy
"Cookies" are a feature of web browsers allowing web servers to temporarily store information within your browser. hfe-signs.co.uk uses cookies so we can monitor the number of users accessing our website and to monitor the geographic location of our users. Cookies also give HFE Signs Ltd. the ability to track your activity through the website which means we can better respond to your needs and improve your site experience. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. You can edit your browser options to ensure you do not receive cookies in future but any sites you visit will be unable to offer you a personalised service.
Returns Policy
For any items custom made, custom printed or non resalable we are unable to offer refunds in full. In the event of a problem with the goods we will endeavor to solve the problem by the most efficient solution to both parties. Transportation costs can not be refunded. If no agreement of a satisfactory solution can be reached we will offer a refund of 50% of the sale value, this will be credited when the goods reach our works and must be within 7 days of the delivery date. If the goods show signs of wear, or are not complete or not in origional packaging then no refund will apply.
Policy for dealing with unacceptable customer behaviour
At HFE Signs, we believe that our customers have a right to be heard, understood and respected.
We also believe that our staff have the right to work in a safe environment, free from any abuse, bad language or harm caused by others.
We expect all customers to treat our staff with courtesy and respect at all times.
In a small number of cases the actions of some customers become unacceptable because they involve abuse of our staff and/or our processes.
We do not view an action as unacceptable, just because a person is forceful or determined. However, we do consider actions that result in unreasonable demands and/or abusive behaviour or language to be unacceptable.
Where a customer is aggressive or abusive, we may decide to:
Advise the customer that we consider their actions offensive, unnecessary and unhelpful and ask them to stop.
End telephone calls / appointments / meetings.
Terminate all contact with the customer and refuse to do future business with them.
Notify the police, this will always be the case if physical violence is used or threatened.
Damaged Goods
Should you receive any parcel from us that contains damaged goods this MUST be reported to us on the day of delivery so we can action a claim on the courier and arrange replacements. Damaged goods MUST be signed for as 'Damaged'. If the goods are signed for as 'received in good condition’ then no claim can be made and we will be unable to replace or offer any refunds. If you are unable to check you MUST sign for them as ‘Damaged’ or ‘Unchecked’. If any damaged goods have been used they are then considered as acceptable by you and will not be considered for replacement or refund. If a replacement is not a suitable solution the maximum refund available will be 50% of the value of the damaged item (excluding postage).
Weather Damage
HFE Signs cannot insure any products against weather damage. All signage can be damaged in excessive wind and weather conditions. PVC Banners, Flags & Pavement Signs are most vulnerable and should be temporarily removed if strong winds or severe weather is forecast.
Late Delivery
HFE Signs Ltd cannot offer any insurance against late delivery by the courier. Most consignments do get delivered on time and are booked with the courier on a 24hr service for UK Mainland. It is a rare occurrence where items get misrouted or are delivered late for whatever reason, however this can happen so it is best to allow an extra day or two. The next day service is not guaranteed by the courier, and the courier will not offer any compensation for late delivery. HFE Signs Ltd will not be liable for any loss caused by a late delivery, whether it be direct loss or consequential loss nor will any refunds be applicable if the goods are no longer required.
Consequential Loss
HFE Signs Ltd cannot offer any insurance nor accept any liability for costs or damages that may occur due to late delivery, faults, errors or any problems in relation to our products. We strongly recommend goods are ordered in time to allow for delays with us or the couriers and to allow time for any errors that may occur during the printing process to be rectified. If your goods are ordered late and do not reach you in time for your purpose or you have arranged contractors and your goods arrive too late, are damaged or have a fault in anyway we can not offer any compensation for this.
Signs & Banners Finished Sizes
Sign & Banner printers have a feed tolerance of  +/-5% although we do calibrate our printers frequently to keep within the +/- 5% levels. It is likely you will have a discrepancy in size, particularly over the longer side, the larger the sign or banner the greater the discrepancy will be, this is down to the feed tolerances on the printers. To put this into context for a 10m long sign or banner it will be anything between 9.5m – 10.5m on a smaller banner of say 5m it will be between 4.75m – 5.25m. Having said this the error is usually much less than the 5% quoted.
Generally speaking signs & banners are not critical to anything greater than 5% and this is considered acceptable with sign & banner printing.
Please see upload and artwork criteria
Popular Products
16ft x 4ft Banner Offer
From £ 85.00
Construction Site Signs
From £ 1.45
HFE-PUBFD-022
From £ 5.80
18ft x 8ft Banner Offer
From £ 212.00
© HFE Signs Limited 2009-2020 All Rights Reserved
Like Us
Follow Us
Tell a Friend
Make Enquiry
Returns Policy
Covid Signs
Pavement Signs
Correx Signs
PVC Banners
Magnetic Signs
Feather Flags
Banner Printing
Banner Stands & Displays
About Us
Roller Banners
Feather Flags & Sail Banners
Blog
Advertising Boards
Foamex Signs
Contact Us
HFE Signs has been rated 5.0 out of 5 based on
3388 reviews
We accept all major credit cards (Except AMEX)
Sitemap | Terms and conditions