https://www.cardintegrators.com/privacy-policy/
CI SOLUTIONS Privacy PolicyCI Solutions provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information received from users of cardintegrators.com (this "Site"). This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.
We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.CI Solutions does not collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) such as email addresses, personal mobile numbers, and social security numbers unless you have opted to provide this information.
By using our Site you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing" means using cookies on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing and deleting, using, combining and disclosing information and transferring it to the United States and internationally.Information Collection and Use
Our Primary goals in collecting information are: to provide and improve services, features and content (together, the "Service"), to allow users to personalize their use of the Service, and to enable users to easily navigate and enjoy the Site.
When you purchase a product and/or complete a form on the Site we will ask you for personally identifiable information which is information about you that when on its own or in combination with other variables can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address, and credit card information. We use your Personal Information to provide the Service and administer your inquiries.
We also collect the non-personally identifiable information that you provide (e.g., without limitation zip code and individual preferences) ("Aggregate Demographic Information"). Certain pieces of your information (for example, your zip code) are considered a part of your Personal Information when they are combined with other information (for example, your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified but the same pieces of information are considered part of your Aggregate Demographic Information when taken alone or combined with non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with this Aggregate Demographic Information and with aggregate information collected from other Site visitors to attempt to provide you with a better experience and improve the quality and value of the Service.
Log Data: When you visit the Site our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This log data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider (or "ISP"), the IP address will be different every time you log on. Except in the instances described herein, we do not use this information to identify you personally. We use it to monitor use of the Site and the Service and for the Site's technical administration.Cookies
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Third party advertisers on the Site may place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Opt-out: To provide website visitors the ability to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, dc.js).If you want to opt-out, download and install the add-on for your web browser here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
PayPal: When you purchase a product via PayPal, PayPal will collect and store any information that you submit during the PayPal service process. Refer to PayPal's Privacy Policy located at http://www.paypal.com for more information about PayPal's privacy practices. In connection with the PayPal payment process, PayPal may transfer us your PayPal user ID, your PayPal email address (if different from the PayPal user ID), your postal address, the amount of your payment, method of PayPal payment and your phone number.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. To continue click OK. To learn more read our Privacy Policy page. OKPrivacy policy