http://www.qrsparadigm.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Events
Training
Mission
Benefits
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
News
PARADIGM EHR
Features
Custom Chart Layout
Note Generation
Speech Recognition
Dynamic Fee Slip
Prescriptions
Recalls
Dictation
Scanning
Optional Modules
HL7 Interfaces
Transcription Management
Demo
PARADIGM PM
Features
Patient Management
Account Management
Reporting
Insurance Contract Management
Referral Management
Claims Tracking
Electronic Claims
Billing
Collections
Refunds
Claims Error Information Management
Line Item Posting
Optional Modules
Appointment Scheduling
Electronic Data Interchange
Electronic Statements
Insurance Card Scanning
Institutional Billing
Electronic Worklist
Medicare Contract Fee Schedule
Practice Specific
HL7 Interfaces
ODBC Connectivity
Demo
Additional Solutions
Implementation
Training
Ongoing Support
Data Conversion
Custom Programming
EDI
Statements
Disaster Recovery
Hardware Installation
Network Services
Appointment Reminder Service
Customer Portal
Patient Portal
Login
Patient Registration
e-Bill
Personal Health Record
Patient/Provider Communication
Practice Announcement
Appointment Request
Search
Request A Free Demo
QRS News
QRS Inc - EHR 2014 Edition Press Release
The Latest June 2013
The Latest December 2012
More News...
Testimonials
"...we have seen a substantial increase in our collections per procedure and overall revenue. Utilizing features such as electronic remittance advice among others, our practice has enjoyed the luxury of the increased revenue with an actual decrease in manpower and manual tasks... www.utrad.com University Radiology"
~ Michael W. Langenberg, CPA
Privacy Policy
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to mbroxson@qrshs.com for review.
Click Here For Remote PC Support
Home | About Us | Free EHR Demo | Free PMS Demo | Contact Us | Customer Portal | Patient Portal | Privacy Policy | Careers | Sitemap
Please click here for our ONC-ACB Certification Cost and Limitations.
Copyright © 2015 QRS, Inc.. All Rights Reserved.