http://www.jsasolutions.com/docs/privacy.shtml
HOME / ABOUT US / THE STORY / CLIENTS / FREE ARTICLES / CONTACT
Privacy Statement
Copyright
Terms of Use
Security Information for Online Sales
Home » Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement 1. What information does John Sergeant Associates gather/track about you?
The John Sergeant Associates site collects general information on visitors to this site through the web site statistics sent to the server when you request a page on the Internet. This site does not ask for any personally identifying information such as name or company.
This site contains links to other sites. John Sergeant Associates is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
2. What does John Sergeant Associates do with the information it gathers/tracks?
Demographic and profile data is not used other than presenting on the site and helping to target the types of information and content included on the site.
John Sergeant Associates will not sell, barter or trade your personal information gathered at the time of sign up, except where noted above, and/or when required by law to protect the safety of members, employees or property. Any information that you supply in reference to an advertisement posted on John Sergeant Associates or outside marketing campaign in conjunction with an advertisement is not protected under this privacy policy.
3. What security measures are in place?
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All registration information is stored in secure locations on a password protected computer.
4. Can visitors choose to opt-out or change personal information?
Our site provides visitors the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site also gives visitors the ability to remove their information from our database, stop future e-mails, cancel our service, and change and/or modify information provided previously.
If you have any questions about our privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with John Sergeant Associates, contact: john@jsasolutions.com
^Top
Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | © Copyright | Security | Client Intranet | Designed by enflexion