https://www.lynchpin.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are used to record certain interactions on a site. They provide anonymous data that is not harmful to your computer. They are used to remember user preferences, such as country selected, login details or page customisation. Cookies can also be used to record anonymous information about how a visitor uses a site. For example, what channel is used to reach the site or what page is most popular.
Why does Lynchpin use Cookies?
Lynchpin only use cookies that collect data pertaining to analytics software. These are used to help enhance the site for you by measuring usage and performance of the site. This site also has Social Interaction links (such as Facebook or Twitter). Lynchpin do not control any cookies that may be sent when using these external websites. For more information on these it is advised to check their cookie policies.
What Cookies does Lynchpin use?
The only cookies that Lynchpin use are for Google Analytics and are listed below;
_ga – This is used to identify unique visitors
These cookies are first-party cookies. This means that they are set for your domain and any data sent cannot be altered or retrieved by any other service.
If I don’t want to want to have these cookies?
It is possible to remove cookies or block them from recording this information. This is generally found within the Options menu then Privacy section of your particular browser. Each browser is slightly different and constantly updating, for more information consult the Help menu for your browser.
So what does the above information mean?
This information has been provided to show our commitment to legislation regarding cookie awareness so that you can understand what cookies we use and why we use them. This ensures transparency in the data collected on you.
Where can I get more information?
For more information on the cookie directive please visit the Government’s regulatory body that is in charge of overseeing and enforcing the directive http://www.ico.gov.uk