http://www.cleareraudio.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip navigation
Menu
Log in
or Sign up
View Cart – 0 items
Search this site
Search
Log in
Sign up
Products
Range
Copper-line Alpha ONE
Copper-line Alpha
Copper-line
Silver-line
Silver-line Optimus
Silver-line Optimus Reference
Categories
Power Cables
Power-HUBs
Analogue Interconnects
Digital Interconnects
HDMI Interconnects
Speaker Cables
CLEARANCE
Accessories
Adaptors
Furutech
Reviews
Awards
Reviews
Testimonials
News
Distributors
Support
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Order Status
Cable Consultant
Returns
FAQs
Power connector guide
BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITS
LEGAL
Terms & Conditions
Refund & Cancellations
Privacy Policy
Cookies
About Us
History
Workshop
Guarantees
Custom Work
Wilson Benesch
Search this site
Home
»
Clearer Audio :: Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Clearer Audio Ltd we take privacy very seriously and are committed to the safeguarding of the privacy of our customers while providing the highest quality of service. We will never sell, rent or trade email addresses with other companies for marketing purposes. If you would like to read more we set out below in our Privacy Policy which provides lots of detailed information about when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, when we might have to disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and ePrivacy Directive (ePR). The GDPR regulates the processing of information relating to you and grants you various rights in relation to your personal data. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and that it complies its obligations under the GDPR. We are a registered Data Controller (No. ZA144567) with the Information Commissioners Office (ICO). To view our registration details please visit https://ico.org.uk/ESDWebPages/Entry/ZA144567.Detailed below is our full privacy policy which gives details about what information we collect about you, how we collect this information, how we use this information, how we protect your information and your rights with regards to the information we hold about you.1. The information we collect about you:1.1 Our website is hosted and managed by Shopify. When you place an order on our website, we will ask you to input and will collect personal information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address and telephone number so that we can process and fulfil your order.1.2 When placing an order on our website you will also be asked to provide credit or debit card information. Your card details (in addition to your personal information and order details) are processed through our order processing facilities (facilitated by Shopify) are protected by encryption through a 128bit Secured Socket Layer (SSL) secure server. Your details (which include your personal information, order details and card details) are used by our website (via Shopify/PayPal) to fulfil your order.1.2.1 We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.1.3 We may also collect information about you when you contact us via email or letter.1.4 Our website does not store or capture personal information but merely logs the user's IP address (Internet Protocol: standard allowing data to be transmitted between two devices) which is automatically recognised by the web server. 1.5 When you access our website we will use cookies. Cookies are tiny text files that identify your computer to us. This helps us personalise our website to your best interests. Without cookies we wouldn't be able to recognise you, make recommendations, update your basket or allow you to automatically update previously added information. Cookies enable us to make any purchases you make on our website quicker and easier. Cookies cannot read any other information that may be stored on your hard drive, or access any other information about you, or people who may use your computer. Only Clearer Audio Ltd can access the information provided by these cookies. You can read more about how we use cookies here https://www.cleareraudio.com/pages/cookies1.6.1 As part of the registration process for our email newsletter (should you have signed up for it on our website or when placing an order), we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to keep you informed of things you’ve asked us to tell you about (such as product news, reviews and special offers); to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We don't rent or trade email lists with other companies.1.6.2 We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our email newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by contacting us directly (please see Section 6). 1.7 When someone visits our website we use a third party service (Google Analytics) to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. 2. How we use your information:2.1 Information we gather (as detailed above in Section 1) about you is used to: help us provide the best possible service, process any orders you may place with us, run competitions and provide you with information about products and services we offer.2.2 We would like to provide you with information about special offers, product and service promotions and competitions we think may be of interest to you and special features of our website. We will communicate this information to you via e-mail (if you have agreed to this by signing up to our newsletter which can be done on our website and when you place an order with us). You can opt out of email communications at any time after you sign up. If you would rather not receive this information, please contact us via one of the methods listed below in Section 4 and let us know which communications that you would like to opt out of.2.3 We do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam).2.4 We do not pass any of your personal information to any third parties whatsoever; nor do we sell, lease, rent or otherwise trade in personal information collected at our site (including e-mail addresses) to third parties.2.5 We may use aggregated information (which includes statistics such as demographic data and browsing patterns) for the purposes of development, improvement and auditing of the site. The aggregated information will not include details that can be used to identify you.3. Protection and security of your information3.1 As detailed in Section 1, information submitted when an order is placed online (which includes your personal information, order details and card details) is processed through a 128bit SSL secure server for maximum security. Payments are process using Shopify Payments and also PayPal.3.2 All personal information we hold about you is kept strictly confidential and is securely stored (both electronically and physically) to safeguard and protect your personal information from unauthorised access.3.3 We will take all reasonable steps to protect your information, but data can never be guaranteed 100% secure. Please note that we will not be liable for any breach of security unless we have been negligent.4. DisclosureAs detailed in Sections 2 and 3, we do not pass on any of your personal information to any third parties and all information we hold about you is kept strictly confidential. However, if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information then we are entitled do so.5. Sale of businessIf this business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.6. Viewing and amending your personal information/details6.1 Under GDPR, you have the right to view, amend or delete any of the personal data that we hold on you. Also if any of the information that you have provided to us changes, for example if you change your e-mail address or postal address, you can let us know the correct details by contacting us by the following methods:Write to us at: Clearer Audio Ltd, 17 Central Avenue, Rochford, Essex, SS4 3BQPhone us on 01702 543981Email us at enquiries@cleareraudio.com6.2 If you request that we delete all information we hold about you then we may not be able to provide adequate customer support in the future. We cannot delete sale receipt information (which contains your name and address) as this is a record of the product we have provided you and as such can safeguard against counterfeiting and is required for accounting purposes.7. Your consentBy ordering from us and submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. We will also e-mail you should we make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.Last modified: 24 May 2018
We accept these payment methods:
Newsletter
Subscribe for our latest offers and news by email
LATEST POSTS
General News :: BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITS
We were recently contacted by a client that had purchased what he thought to be one of our products on the “used” market. Upon inspection he was suspicious that it may not have been a genuine Clearer Audio product so... read more
Events :: Bristol Sound & Vision Show 2018
Bristol Sound & Vision 2018 saw Clearer Audio, Wilson Benesch and CH Precision once again collaborate in the Conservatory. System 1 was Wilson Benesch Resolution (the UK debut) with CH Precision L1, C1 and 2xA1. System 2 was Wilson Benesch Discovery... read more
Product Review :: Silver-line Optimus Reference Power Cable | Hi-Fi+
Our flagship Silver-line Optimus Reference Power Cable has received an excellent review from world renowned Hi-Fi+ magazine. Alan Sircom (Editor) commented that "the sound is detailed yet not bright, dynamic yet not aggressive, possessed of deeper – but not ‘fatter’ bass, and creates a sound with some degree... read more
USEFUL LINKS
Search
Contact Us
Order Status
STAY IN TOUCH
POPULAR PRODUCTS
Copper-line Power Cable
Silver-line Optimus 75 Digital Interconnect
Silver-line Optimus Reference 75 Digital Interc...
Silver-line Optimus Reference Power Cable
Back to top
Copyright © 2020 Clearer Audio. All Rights Reserved. All prices GBP.