http://www.bizviet.net/privacy.php
Vietnam B2B Trade Portal :: Import Export
Database
Home  ::::
New Trade leads  ::::
Top Trade leads  ::::
Sign up! ::::Login!
Privacy Policy
PERSONS OR PARTIES COVERED
This Privacy Policy is intended to cover all visitors to this website, all subscribers to lists or newsletters whether paid or unpaid, all members or affiliates whether paid or unpaid, and all customers. Persons who visit or view this website, whether intentionally or unintentionally, whether solicited or unsolicited, are described herein as "Visitors" and are parties to this Privacy Policy. Subscribers to lists or Newsletters are referred to herein as "Subscribers" and are parties to the Privacy Policy. Persons who join an organization or marketing endeavor (e.g. "affiliates") promoted by this website are called "Members" herein and are covered by this Privacy Policy. Finally, anyone who orders, attempts to order, or receives a product sold (recipients) or advertised on or delivered from this website, even at no cost, is called a "Customer" herein and is subject to this Privacy Policy not only by passive acceptance, but by virtue of the Purchase Agreement contract. The website, its agents, owners, operators, and employees are referred to collectively herein as "Website," "Site," and/or "Seller".
PERSONS EXCLUDED FROM THIS WEBSITE ARE STILL COVERED
In the event that a person excluded from this website because of the Terms of Use or from denial of service by the website, who nonetheless unlawfully views this site, that person remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and is in violation of the Terms of Use.
VIEWING AND/OR USE AND/OR COMMUNICATION IS CONSTRUED AS ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY
Acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy is a portion of the consideration required for your right to visit the website. If you do not accept these terms, you have no right to visit this site.
VISITOR, SUBSCRIBER, MEMBER, OR CUSTOMER INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM 'REGISTRATION'
Registration means that the Visitor, Subscriber, Member or Customer takes active, positive steps to communicate information to this website. This can include pages where you register for a newsletter or subscribe to a mailing list; it can include your participation in visitor surveys; it can include requesting information from the website via email or other communication means; it may be from joining an affiliate programme or membership organization, paid or unpaid; it may be from ordering a product.
VISITOR EMAIL INQUIRIES
Website visitors who wish to communicate with the website do so under two conditions: one, they give their permission for contact by the website; two, they are subject to any 'submission' provisions of the Terms of Use, Purchase Agreement, or this Privacy Policy. While your email address may or may not be used to solicit you, it is added to the website's general solicitation database.
CUSTOMER EMAIL OR TESTIMONIALS
If you are a customer and send an email to the website, or if you communicate with the site by phone or mail, the website collects information about your communication and by communicating with the site you give your permission to collect, archive, retrieve, and otherwise use any information collected as the site sees fit.
INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM ELECTRONIC MEANS
Many websites, including this one, collect information about your computer, your email address, your IP address. You must assume that your web-viewing or web-use activity is monitored, tracked, and information collected. This information is not usually of a personal nature, but it may help define your viewing habits and product preferences even though the website may or may not have any idea who you are.
Bizviet.net also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, bizviet.net cookie information and the page you requested.
Bizviet.net uses your information for the general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see on our pages, and in some cases, to contact you.
COOKIES
Your Internet browser has a feature called "cookies" which may store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our site. Bizviet.net may set and access Bizviet.net cookies on your computer. However, cookies tell us nothing about who you are unless you specifically give us personally identifiable information.
Bizviet.net uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Bizviet.net uses web beacons to access our cookies within our network of web sites and in connection with Bizviet.net services.
DoubleClick DART Cookie:
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to
users based on their visit to this sites and other sites on the
Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit
our website. These companies may use information (not including your
name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to
this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods
and services of interest to you.
DATA SECURITY
This website takes measures to protect its data that contains information related to you. However, as a consideration for viewing this site or interacting with this site in any manner, you waive all claims of any nature against this site concerning the loss, alteration, or misuse of information. You must assume that it is possible for your personal data to be obtained by others, such as "hackers," and used in an inappropriate manner that may cause you harm and that you agree that the site is not responsible for damages to you.
Updated 03/02/2019.
B2B Marketplace
Market Services
Your representative
Advertise
Others
About us
Feedback
Advertise
About us ::
Terms & Conditions ::
Privacy Policy
::
Contact us
Copyright ©2017 Bizviet.Net. All rights reserved.
Tenders :: importers :: exporters :: suppliers :: manufacturers :: wholesalers
from Vietnam - China - India
- Taiwan - Cambodia - Australia - Hong Kong - Japan - Indonesia - South Korea -
Pakistan - Thailand
France - Germany -
Philippines - Bulgaria - Brazil - Italy - Russia
- Belgium - Bulgaria - Hungary - Iceland
America - Argentina - Brazil - Canada
- Chile - Colombia - Paraguay - Peru - Uruguay - Venezuela