http://www.ttelectronics.com/legal/terms-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
Whistleblower Policy and Hotline
Group Tax Strategy
Logo and Brand Policy
Home
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Contact our Legal Team
Email us
Website Use - Terms and Conditions
The basis on which you are entitled to access the TT Electronics plc website is set out below. These terms may be changed from time to time. Your access to the site will be deemed to constitute acceptance of these terms.
All information contained in this web site is provided by TT Electronics plc in good faith. There may, however, be inadvertent and occasional errors or omissions in respect of which TT Electronics plc accepts no liability whatsoever. Access to this site is at the visitor's own risk.
TT Electronics plc makes no representations or warranties about the information provided through this website, including any hypertext links or any other items used either directly or indirectly from the TT Electronics plc website, and reserves the right to make changes and corrections at any time without notice.
TT Electronics plc does not represent that the information contained on the website is accurate, comprehensive, verified or complete, and shall have no liability for the accuracy of the information contained in the website or for delays or omissions therein or for any reliance placed by any person on the information.
TT Electronics plc accepts no liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damages of whatever kind resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from the TT Electronics plc website.
No information in the TT Electronics plc website constitutes or shall be deemed to constitute an invitation to invest or otherwise deal in TT Electronics plc shares or ADRs.
TT Electronics plc does not accept any responsibility for enabling the reader to link to another site in the World Wide Web or for any other site. Electronic links to this site are prohibited without the consent of TT Electronics plc.
Visitors to the TT Electronics plc website who provide information using any feedback forms or email agree that TT Electronics plc shall have all rights to the information provided and may use such information in any way it chooses. Such information shall be non-confidential.
© TT Electronics plc 2018. The copyright in the materials on this website is owned by TT Electronics plc, which reserves all rights.
TT Electronics plc is registered in England. No: 87249
Registered office:
Fourth Floor, St Andrews House
West Street
Woking
Surrey
GU21 6EB
England
Facilities Terms and Conditions
Section under construction - complete list will be available soon.  If you need immediate attention, please email:   marketing-communications@ttelectronics.com.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our cookie policy for more details.
Ok