http://www.daks.com/pages/cookies-policy
Skip to content
DAKS
Our History
Runway
AW20 Runway ShowSS20 RUNWAY SHOW
MENSWEAR
OUTERWEARSUITSJACKETS & WAISTCOATSSHIRTSKNITWEARTOPSTROUSERS & SHORTSACCESSORIES
WOMENSWEAR
OUTERWEARJACKETSDRESSESTROUSERS & SHORTSSKIRTSKNITWEARTOPS & BLOUSESACCESSORIES
A COFFEE WITH...
KANA LONDON
Account
Search
Cart
Your cart is empty
The DAKS Winter Sale Starts Tomorrow!
COOKIES POLICYDAKS SIMPSON LIMITED
We put small text files (known as cookies) onto your computer to collect information about how you use the site to ensure our website works properly and behaves as you would expect and to understand how we can improve the site for the benefit of all our visitors. Below is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.We use Google Analytics software to collect information about how you use this site. Google Analytics stores information about:
the pages you visit on the site;
how long you spend on each of the pages;
how you got to the site;
what you click on while you’re visiting the site;
We don’t collect or store your personal information (for example your name or address) so this information can’t be used to identify who you are.We don’t allow Google to use or share our analytics data.Cookies we use:session_id, unique token, sessional
Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).shopify_visit, no data heldPersistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits<shopify_uniq, no data heldNo data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.shopify_cartUnique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.secure_session_idUnique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device.  This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website.  We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details.  We may use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing behaviour anonymously.
HOW DO I DISABLE COOKIES?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below: - For Microsoft Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome:
Choose Settings> Advanced
Under "Privacy and security," click “Content settings”.
Click “Cookies”
For Safari:
Choose Preferences > Privacy
Click on “Remove all Website Data”
For Mozilla Firefox:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”
Click on the icon “privacy”
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and further:
Choose the menu Files”> “Preferences”
WHAT HAPPENS IF I DISABLE COOKIES
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off. If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our sites. If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our sites. For more information on cookies visit AboutCookies.org and to learn how to opt out of Google Analytics go to Google tools.If you would like more information contact us at bondst@daks.com or write to us at:Group Legal Counsel at DAKS, 10 Old Bond Street, London, W1S 4PL, United Kingdom