https://www.powerstax.com/terms-of-service/
DC-DC Power Converters
MIL Spec DC-DC Converters, Filters and Regulators
130W Eighth Bricks
300W Quarter Bricks
336W Half Bricks
200W – 500W Full Bricks
500W High Voltage Brick
110W Open Frame
600W Front-End Power Module / 1800W Rack
1000W Customizable Module
1000W Ruggedized 2U Module / 3000W Rack
Fuel Cell Power Conversion
AC-DC Power Supplies
CoolX Series – 600W to 1800W Modular Power Supplies
Power Modules – 100W to 150W
Medical Approval
3,000W-10,000W
125W –
1008W 1U Ultra Compact
200W – 1340W Configurable Modular SMPS
1000W and 600W PFC Bricks
800W Front End Power Module / 2400W Rack
750W Front End Power Module / 2250W Rack
3600W 1U Configurable Rack Mount
1800W 1U Configurable Rack Mount
Custom Power
Custom Power Supplies (Value Added)
Brick and Rack Accessories
Drake Transformer Rectifiers
Other Power Supplies
Behlman AC Sources
Enatel DC Power Solutions
Kingshill Power Supplies
KraftPowercon Switched Mode
Magna-Power Programmable DC Power Supplies
Technix HV DC Power Supplies | Capacitor Chargers
Ross Engineering Corp | High Voltage Products
News
Contact Us
About Powerstax
Sales Partners EMEA
Sales Partners North America
Sales Partners Central & South America
Sales Partners Asia
Sales Partners ROW
You are here: Home / Terms of ServiceThis website is operated by Powerstax Ltd. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of service, which together with our Privacy Policy govern Powerstax’ relationship with you with regards to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term ‘Powerstax’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose office is at Units 5-6 Heron Avenue, Wickford, Essex, SS11 8DL, United Kingdom.  The term ‘you’  or ‘your’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of service:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. Please view our Cookie Policy for more information on cookies.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England.
Recent News
Powerstax – Powering Hydrogen Production
New Magna-Power 1.5kW to 8kW 1U SL Series Gen 2 Programmable Power Supplies now available
Powerstax appointed sole UK distributor for Technix High Voltage DC Power Supplies and Capacitor Chargers
Download Shortform Catalogues
Our latest shortform catalogue of high efficiency and MIL COTS power solutions is available HERE!
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.