http://www.flocomponents.com/privacy_policy/
FLO Components Ltd. Privacy Policy – FLO Components – Automatic Lubrication Systems Specialist in Ontario and Manitoba.
Tap For Main Menu >>
Home
About Us
Why Flo
Who We Are
Executive Profiles
Career Opportunities
Privacy Policy
Solutions
On Road Lube Systems
Off-Road Lube Systems
Small Machine Luber System
Industrial Machinery Lube Systems
SKF Brand Lubrication Solutions
Onboard Oil Change Systems
Engine PreLub Systems
CircOil Lube Systems
Chain Lubrication
Vehicle Service Facilities
Fluid Handling
Lube Dispense: Parts Integrator
Lubricants
Single Point Lubricators
Manual Lube
Agricultural Lube Systems
Rail Automatic Lube Systems
Services
Installation Capability
Service – On-site
Service – In-house Warranty & Repairs
Maintenance Plans
Lubrication Audits
Training Courses
Lube Seminars
Testimonials
Partners
News & Events
What’s New
Upcoming Events
Newsletters
Library
Library
Members Login
Key Partner Program & Login
Contact Us
FLO Components Ltd. Privacy Policy
FLO Components Ltd. Privacy Policy
Our Policy – as of march 1, 2015
FLO Components has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our personal information gathering and dissemination practices for this website, flocomponents.com.
CONSENT
The consent to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information may be implicit or explicit, depending on the circumstances. In some cases, consent need not be in writing.
COLLECTION
At FLO, we sometimes collect personal information from consumers via direct mail, questionnaires, contests, magazines, by phone, and through our web sites or other on-line means. However, we will not collect such information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly.
USE AND DISCLOSURE
At the time we collect your personal information we will explain how we will use it. If you specifically agree to follow-up contacts by us or ask to be put on our contact list, we may also contact you from time to time. Personal information shall be used and disclosed in a manner consistent with the purpose for which it was originally collected or in any other way the law does not prohibit. The consent of the individual shall be obtained before personal information is used or disclosed for any other purpose, unless the law otherwise permits the proposed use or disclosure. We will not sell or lease your personal information to third parties. Access to personal information shall be restricted to those who have a need for access in order to administer FLO programs or carry on FLO activities and to individuals for information about themselves.
CHANGING INFORMATION
Any information provided can be updated at any time by advising FLO accordingly. Please refer to our Contact Us page for contact information and methods.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We will not share any information you give us with anyone outside of FLO except when required or permitted by law, and with those suppliers that need to have access to the information to provide the services you have requested.
Website hosting, storage and management of electronic communications, and data processing within FLO may be done via servers located outside of Canada. Some of our supplier as described above may also be located outside of Canada. As a result, your personal information may be accessible to regulatory authorities in accordance with the laws of other jurisdictions, including without limitation, the United States Patriot Act.
COOKIES
Like many companies, we use “cookie” technology on our websites. We may use a temporary session cookie to recognize you and give you access to features or “registered user” sections of the site, and to update your profile. These temporary cookies are eliminated when you exit your browser. Another type of cookie can be stored on your computer by your browser. When you log in, this type of cookie tells us whether you’ve visited us before or are a new visitor. The cookie doesn’t obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn’t extract any information from your computer.
This website uses Google Analytics. A third type of cookie, which can also be stored on your computer by your browser is related to Google Analytics for Display Advertisers or Google Adwords remarketing or display ads. This cookie identifies you as having visited our website and may cause FLO ads to appear on other sites you visit that allow display ads. Again, this cookie doesn’t obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn’t extract any information from your computer. You can opt out of interest-based ads by Google through Ads Settings. You can also use Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web. For more information on how Google collects and processes data, see: “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
This site contains links to other sites. FLO Components has no control over these sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites, or for how the owners of these sites may collect, use or disclose and otherwise treat your personal information. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the websites in question.
REGISTRATION / OPT-OUT
Our site’s registration forms require users to give us contact information, such as their name and e-mail address. We use such contact information to provide access to information, or send the users information and to register them for events. In the REQUEST INFORMATION section of the site, we ask users for their name and other information in order to address their inquiry or respond appropriately. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. If users have subscribed to our E-Newsletter and no longer wish to receive it, they can unsubscribe from such communications at any time by clicking Unsubscribe.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We may change or update portions of this Privacy Notice at any time. Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice. We will indicate the notice’s effective date on the first page of the notice.
CONTACTING THE WEBMASTER
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, feel free to contact us.
50 Admiral Blvd.,
Mississauga, Ontario L5T 2W1, Canada
TOLL FREE 800.668.5458 • MISSISSAUGA 905.671.2355 • WINNIPEG
204.832.3040 • FAX 905.671.2358 Privacy Policy