http://www.torchiana.com/privacy-statement
Home
About
FOR ORGANIZATIONS
FOR INDIVIDUALS
Insights
Tools
Contact
Sign In
Back
Overview
- Engage
- Grow
- Change
Back
- in Transition
- ALUMNI
TORCHIANA PRIVACY STATEMENTIntroductionTorchiana is a professional career management firms offering career, learning, and networking resources. Torchiana and its Career Partner International partner firms deliver the highest quality and most personalized consultation to individuals facing career transition or growth situations.Torchiana is committed to protecting the privacy rights of all persons with whom it deals. To demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, Torchiana has made its information and privacy practices available in this statement.This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Torchiana website at http://www.torchiana.com  and your use of any service offered from the Web Site. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to the Torchiana Site including notification about:Any personally identifiable information of yours or third party personal identification that is collected from you through the web site.How your personal information is used.With whom your personal information may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of your personal information.The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the control of CPI.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Torchiana is an equity owner of Career Partners International LLC., you can find our CPI corporate privacy policy by clicking here http://www.cpiworld.com/privacy-statement.If you have questions or concerns regarding the privacy of your personal information, please write to: Privacy Officer at Torchiana, Inc. 50 California, Suite 1500, San Francisco, CA 94111. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealing with this web site, please call 925-838-9720.ConsentBy using the Torchiana Portal Site, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Statement.This statement disclosed the privacy practices for Torchiana’s web site. The purpose of this statement is to notify you of what personally identifiable information of yours will be collected, how it will be used, and what options are available to you regarding the collection, correction and/or deletion of information.What is Personal Information? Personal information is information that can be explicitly used to identify or contact you as an individual. (e.g. name, email address, mailing address, phone number).  Personal information is considered information that is (1) recorded in any form; (2) is about, or pertains to a specific individual; and (3) can be linked to that individual.Personal information is collected by Torchiana only when you specifically and knowingly choose to receive information or services from Torchiana or its associate companies. You will be informed that your personal information is being collected, the purpose for which it is being collected and that you have a right of access to the information.We may also receive personal information from our business associates and other third parties provided that such third parties confirm to us that they have obtained your consent to the disclosure of your personal information.Information We CollectWe collect personally identifying information, such as your name, street address, email address, and phone number, and any other information you provide to us.Torchiana Career Portal is not intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18.Demographic and profile data is collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor’s experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.YOUR PERSONAL CONTACT INFORMATION WILL NOT BE EXCHAANGED OR SOLD TO ANOTHER BUSINESS OR VENDOR.CPI may make aggregate information about our users available to third parties for the purposes of marketing, advertising and other beneficial services. The information gathered on the CPI Career Portal Site and any other CPI Web Site may be shared within CPI, LLC. and its Associate Companies acting on our behalf, who are subject to confidentiality agreements.YOUR PERSONAL CONTACT INFORMATION WILL NOT BE EXCHANGED OR SOLD TO ANY OTHER BUSINESS OR VENDOR.If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email or by telephone. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner.If you choose to provide personally identifying information to us, we will use and disclose it as described in this Privacy Policy.Your personal information is required for:RegistrationWhen you register for services using the Torchiana/CPI Career Portal, Torchiana/CPI will request personal information from you, including your name and email address. Some of the information requested from you during registration is optional, and is clearly identified on the site.Information collected by Torchiana/CPI as part of the log-in/registration is NOT made accessible to the public, other users of the site or anyone not employed by Torchiana directly.Your personal information is used to communicate with you about your account and to provide you with information related to Torchiana services. We may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates to the Torchiana/CPI Portal Site, such as new career opportunities which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the information we have about you.You have the option to elect to receive additional communications, and information including without limitation to free informational newsletters from Torchiana relating to topics that may be of special interest to you. You always have the option, however, to tell us not to share your personal information with any Torchiana affiliates (through Career Partners International).My AccountPersonal contact Information is collected (e.g. First Name, Last Name, Address, Home Phone, Work Phone, Email Address and Fax number). You can choose to make this information visible to the public in your resume or you may choose for this information to remain private.Resume Maker/Momentum Resume BankPublishes your career objective, accomplishments, capabilities and job history. You may choose to make the information contained in your resume private or public.Torchiana uses the information we gather on the Torchiana Career Portal Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Torchiana Portal Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering the products and services available from Torchiana.Torchiana uses the information for:Monitoring information to ensure compliance with Torchiana policies;Editorial and feedback solicitation purposes;Establishing and maintaining communication, including marketing, advertising and other beneficial services; and,Compliance with federal, state, provincial or municipal lawsPersonal information that you provide to the Torchiana Portal site will not be made available to third parties outside of Torchiana without explicit permission from you. We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of the Torchiana Portal Site (such as the areas you visit or the services you access).Data SecurityCPI will take reasonable steps to protect your information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction.Areas of this website that collect your information use industry standard secure socket layer encryption (SSL); however, to take advantage of this your browser must support encryption protection (found in Internet Explorer release 3.0 and above).Your profile has a password so that only you can access it. We recommend that you do not provide your password to anyone, as you are ultimately responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your account information. If you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public location, remember to sign out and close your browser window when you have finished to ensure that others cannot access your personal information.Data IntegrityTorchiana will only process Personal Information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by the individual. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use.Disclosure of Personal InformationTorchiana may share aggregated anonymous information about visitors to Torchiana Portal Site (for example, the number of visitors to the Torchiana Portal site) with its clients and others to illustrate how those visitors use the site.E-Mail Messages / FeedbackWhen you send us messages via e-mail, we will use your name and e-mail address only to respond to the concerns you write to us with. Your e-mail may be shared with appropriate people within the Torchiana organization to help us respond to your concerns and improve the services we provide.We have an area where you can submit feedback. Any feedback you submit in this area becomes our property, and we can use such feedback (such as success stories) for marketing purposes, without attribution, or contact you for further information and release.Public vs. PrivateOnce you have created a resume, you will have the option of choosing a Public or Private setting. The Private setting will prevent anyone other than you from viewing your online resume. The Public setting makes your online resume viewable by selected hiring employers.At any time, you may reset the Public setting to “Private.”Online ForumsPlease remember that any personal information that is disclosed in public areas of the Torchiana Career Portal Site becomes public information. We recommend that you exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifying information, as it could be collected and used by others over whom Torchiana has no control. We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Torchiana Career Portal site.Information Supplied by Your Browser / Use of CookiesA cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive to collect information about your activities on a web site. “Cookies” give us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. For example, if you personalize CPI pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (e.g. your user name, password and preferences). When you return to the Torchiana Portal Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized.We use this information only as anonymous aggregate data to determine how many people visit our site, which features are used most frequently, and which browsers are primarily used. We do not use it to track or record information about individuals. This information assists us in diagnosing problems with our site and helps us deliver a better overall experience for you and other visitors.Many consumers do not know that “cookies” are being placed on their computers when they visit Web sites. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can usually only be read by the web server that issued the cookie to you.Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a Web site attempts to place a “cookie” on your computer. Accepting cookies is voluntary; however, if you decline cookies you may not be able to use some features of the Torchiana Career Portal.Links to Other SitesThis Privacy Statement applies solely to the information we collect on the Torchiana Career Portal Site, and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion.Users should be aware that when you are on Torchiana sites, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. Torchiana is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites that may be linked to this site.There may be links to other sites from Torchiana web pages that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. Personally identifying information which you choose to provide to another party or web site will be subject to their privacy policy.Changes to this PolicyCareer Partners International, LLC. is the legal entity which determines the purposes and means of processing the information gathered at the CPI Portal Site. The privacy policy may be amended from time to time. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can send e-mail to info@cpiworld.com or call 1-919/401-4273.Questions or ConcernsIf you have any questions or concerns about the information contained in this privacy statement, please contact our Office at: torchiana@torchiana.comThank you for using www.torchiana.com