https://www.monicals.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Introduction
monicalspizza.com / monicals.com is a website operated by Monical Pizza Corporation. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully before using this site.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change or modify all or some of these terms at any time. Please check periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of such changes means you agree to abide by them.
Collection and Use of Information
We respect your privacy rights and concerns. Protecting your privacy is one of our primary concerns, and the purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about what kind of information we collect, how we use it, and the choices you have regarding both. Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.
You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information on the bulletin board of our site and any other information you disclose could be collected and used by third parties. This could result in unsolicited messages from others.
We collect online information to respond to your requests, to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our products and services and to assist us in providing our customers a broad range of personalized products and services. For example, we will perform statistical analyses of our visitors’ characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of our site.
We may occasionally send you e-mail offers or periodic mailings from us regarding new products and services or upcoming events. These offers may be based on information you provided us in your responses to our surveys and on your history with us as a guest.
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information you choose to provide us, such as your name, e-mail address, the pages you access and information such as survey information, postal address, telephone numbers and site registrations. Like many other commercial web sites, our web sites may collect information about how our site is used.
We also collect non-personally identifying information through the use of cookies. Cookies are pieces of data your web browser stores on your hard drive. We use cookies so we can recognize you when you pay a repeat visit to our website. Most browsers accept cookies. However, if you wish, you can usually set them to refuse cookies. We do not use cookies to gather any personal information.
Instances where we may gather personally identifiable information include contest or sweepstakes registrations, bulletin boards and suggestions you may give us. At any of these times, you will have the opportunity to “opt in” to receive promotional and/or other marketing about our products, services and offerings. During registration, if you indicate that you wish to receive e-mail from us, we will use your e-mail address to contact you about merchandise or services in which you have indicated interest, and any such communication will include instructions on how to opt out of future communications. You can “opt-out” at any time for these promotional marketing offers by choosing to “unsubscribe”. Upon your request, we will take all reasonable efforts to delete your personal information from our database, but that it may be impossible to delete your entry without some residual information because of backups and records of deletion. We will never knowingly send messages to customers who have asked us not to.
You will not personally be contacted or solicited by us or anyone else as a result of information you provide.
Information you provide us will not be shared with any other company, organization or entity other than our franchisees.
Our data networks are secured and protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. We periodically review our security and privacy policies and restrict access to the information to authorized personnel. Particularly sensitive information, such as credit card numbers, are encrypted prior to transmission.
We may, if required by law, provide personally identifiable information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We may also release personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law, or to protect our own rights and those of our users or others.
Our Privacy Policy applies only to our website. Some portions of our website are operated by third parties who place information, advertisements, or other promotional material or links on our Site. Their privacy policy could differ considerably from ours, or they may not display or have any privacy policy at all. We cannot control collection of information by entities whose websites you may access through ours. Contact them if you have any questions about their information collection policies and practices.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of use. By transacting business with us, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Children’s Privacy
We are also concerned about protecting the safety and privacy of children. We do not specifically collect information about children and do not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, get your parent’s consent before giving out any personal information.
Find a location near you!
View All Locations
Sign Up For Offers
Join The Dippin' Club
Purchase Gift Cards
Shop Now!
×
Monical's Nutritional Calculator
Close