http://www.learntofly.on.ca/privacy-policy/
Whatever your aviation goals, St. Thomas Flight Centre can help you reach them.
Helping you achieve your aviation goals, one flight at a time.
St. Thomas Flight Centre getting your career off the ground.
Why Fly?
READ MORE
Sight-seeing
LEARN MORE
School Start Dates
MORE INFO
St. Thomas Flight Centre is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy policy explains how St. Thomas Flight Centre will use the Personal Information it collects from you through this website. In this Agreement, “Personal Information” means, collectively, any personally identifiable or individually identifiable information, including, without limitation your name, e-mail address, mailing addresses, gender, date of birth, and any data about you that you elect to provide electronically through this website.
By providing Personal Information to St. Thomas Flight Centre you agree and consent that St. Thomas Flight Centre may collect, use and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this privacy policy.
St. Thomas Flight Centre will process any Personal Information that you may submit through this website in accordance with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and other applicable laws and regulations governing collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information (collectively, the “Privacy Laws”), and will ensure that any sub-contractor it may engage to provide the services requested by you acts in such manner. In particular, St. Thomas Flight Centre will keep your Personal Information secure and will only retain your Personal Information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide the services requested. We will not collect your Personal Information for purposes other than those identified above without your consent or except as provided for and in accordance with Privacy Laws.
Unless you agree to St. Thomas Flight Centre using your Personal Information in the manner selected by you at the information input page of this website, or St. Thomas Flight Centre is required to disclose it by law, St. Thomas Flight Centre will not disclose your Personal Information to any third party, save for any sub-contractor engaged by St. Thomas Flight Centre to provide the services requested by you.
If St. Thomas Flight Centre’ business is sold or integrated with another business, any Personal Information that St. Thomas Flight Centre may hold about you at such time may be disclosed to its advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
You may by law request a copy of such Personal Information as St. Thomas Flight Centre may hold about you. A fee, which will not exceed the statutory maximum then in force, may be payable.
If any of the information that you have provided to St. Thomas Flight Centre changes or requires correction for any reason, please let St. Thomas Flight Centre know by sending an e-mail to learntofly@learntoflyon.ca.
By submitting your Personal Information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If St. Thomas Flight Centre changes its privacy policy, it will post changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of this website. Continued or further use of the website will signify your agreement to any such changes.
© Learn to Fly 2020
Privacy Policy