http://www.genaust.com.au/privacy
Privacy | Genetics Australia
Skip to main content
MENU
Freecall: 1800 039 047
Search form
Search
Home
About Us Who We Are
History
Mission and Values
Board of Directors
Research and Development
Meet our Team
News and Events
Resources Data Panels
Price Lists
Catalogues
Adverts
FAQ
Horizon Genomic Program
Links
References
Technical Articles
Contact
Login
Bulls
Bulls International Sires Holsteins USA
USA Genomic
Italy
Jersey USA
Coloured Breeds Montbeliarde (FR)
Normande (FR)
Ayrshire (USA)
Guernsey (USA)
Brown Swiss (IT)
Milking Shorthorn (USA)
Australian Sires Holsteins Proven
Genomic
Horizon Genomic Program
Jersey Proven
Genomic
Horizon Genomic Program
Aussie Red Proven
Young Sires
Horizon Genomic Program
Illawarra
Beef Sires $Profit
Angus
Charolais
Murray Grey
Poll Hereford
Red Angus
Simmental
Products
Products Estrotect Heat Detectors+
FIL - Markers
Services
Services Genescreen
Bull Collection
Merchandise
Merchandise
Special Offers & Newsletter
Search form
Search
Cart
There are no products in your shopping cart.0 ItemsTotal: $0.00
close
User Login
Username *
Password *
Create new account
Request new password
Log in
close
Australian Sires
HolsteinsProvenGenomicHorizon Genomic ProgramJerseyProvenGenomicHorizon Genomic ProgramAussie RedProvenYoung SiresHorizon Genomic ProgramIllawarra
International Sires
HolsteinsUSAUSA GenomicItalyJerseyUSAColoured BreedsMontbeliarde (FR)Normande (FR)Ayrshire (USA)Guernsey (USA)Brown Swiss (IT)Milking Shorthorn (USA)
Beef Sires
$ProfitAngusCharolaisMurray GreyPoll HerefordRed AngusSimmental
close
Estrotect Breeding Indicator Estrotect Breeding Indicator patches have stood the test of time and are unrivalled in their effectiveness identifying heats accurately.
Find out more
FIL - Markers Recognised by farmers around the world FiL has a reputation as the most cost effective tail paint available today.
Find out more
HerdInsight The world's most advanced estrus and health monitoring solution for dairy cows.
96% estrus detection rate,
100% 6-week submission rate,
82% 6-week in calf rate,
100% sick cow detection.
Find out more
close
GeneScreen Recognised by many top farmers as the best program to unlock the genetic secrets found in herds. Genescreen will help to maximise breeding decisions plus so much more.
Find out more
Bull Collection Genetics Australia offers private bull collection with semen able to be qualified for the EU and other countries.
Find out more
close
AI Equipment
Calf Equipment
Calving
Castration
Farm Essentials
Heat Detection
Hoofcare
Identification
Injection and Drenching
Lab Equipment
Milking/Mastitis
Show Equipment
close
2020 April Catalogue Holstein, Jersey, & Coloured Breeds. PDF Size 5mb
Find out more
ELITE PACK OFFER * Order 100+ units of any combination of selected bull for $23 a unit. Offer is subject to semen availability and prices are quoted exclusive of GST. Find out more
Newsletter Our e-mail newsletter keeps farmers informed about our products and services. Find out more
close
Home
Privacy
Privacy
1.   Introduction
This Privacy Statement has been prepared to comply with the National Privacy Principles of the Privacy Act 1988, as amended by the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000, which came into effect on 21 December 2000.
Genetics Australia Co-operative Ltd ABN 64 822 392 303 (Genetics Australia) understands the importance of privacy and recognises the right of our shareholders and customers to keep their personal information private. This Privacy Statement provides information on how Genetics Australia collects, uses secures and discloses personal information. The Privacy Statement provides policy for all entities owned or controlled by Genetics Australia.
2.   The information we collect
Genetics Australia may collect information about you, such as your name and farm identification details, for the purposes of fulfilling orders as well as other information such as contact details, farm and herd details all of which may also be used for some of the purposes described here.
Where practicable, the purpose for which personal information is collected and the consequences of your not providing it will be made clear at the time of collection.
3.   How we use information
Genetics Australia will use the personal information collected for the purposes disclosed at the time of collection, or otherwise as set out in this Privacy Statement. Your personal information will not be used for any other purpose without first seeking your consent, unless authorised or required by law. Generally, we will only use and disclose your personal information:
a)     to establish and maintain your relationship as a member or customer, including providing you with rebates, reports, newsletters, and other information;
b)     to provide the products or services you have requested from Genetics Australia;
c)     to answer your inquiry;
d)     to register you for events, promotions or competitions;
e)     to assist us to make Genetics Australia’s products and services more valuable to our members and customers;
f)      for direct marketing of products or services and to keep you informed of new developments we believe may be of interest to you. If we contact you in this way without obtaining your prior consent, we will provide you with the opportunity to decline any further marketing communications;
g)     for research and business development purposes;
h)     to third parties where we have retained those third parties to assist us to provide products or services you have requested.
i)       to conduct Horizon Genomic Program testing which is carried out on a contractual basis with farmer co-operators and in partnership with the Australian Dairy Herd Improvement Scheme (ADHIS), herd recording agencies and their Data Processing Centres and Breed Societies. The Horizon Genomic Program contract requires you to provide certain information to help us monitor the progress of the Horizon Genomic Program daughters. Farm identification details are provided to ADHIS who in turn provides daughter progress reports which list the daughters of nominated Genetics Australia bulls to Genetics Australia as a participating Artificial Breeding Company in accordance with the Privacy Statement of ADHIS.
4.   Access to your information
You can access personal information that Genetics Australia holds about you by contacting the Genetics Australia Privacy Officer on 1800 039 047. We will provide you with access to your personal information unless there are reasons for not doing so and we are legally able to refuse your request. If we refuse you access to your personal information we will provide you with a reason for doing so. We may charge a reasonable amount for providing access.
If you wish to change personal information that is out of date or inaccurate at any time please contact us. After notice from you, we will take reasonable steps to correct any of your information that is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. If you wish to have your personal information deleted please let us know and we will delete that information wherever practicable. In certain cases it is not possible to delete or amend information and continue to provide the services required. In particular, information is legally required to maintain our shareholders register, and certain information is required to maintain continuity of the Horizon Genomic Program program. Where it is not possible to amend or delete your personal information we will provide you with a reason for not doing so.
5.   Security
Genetics Australia will take reasonable steps to keep secure any personal information that we hold and to keep this information accurate and up to date. Personal information is stored in a secure server or secure files.
The Internet is not always a secure method of transmitting information. Accordingly, Genetics Australia cannot accept responsibility for the security of information you send to, or receive from us, over the Internet or for any unauthorised access or use of that information.
The Genetic Australia website can usually be visited without revealing who they are or other personal information. Genetics Australia will not collect personal information about visitors to the website except when they knowingly provide it. If you provide us with personal information through the Genetics Australia website we may log your usage of the Genetics Australia site for research and business development purposes.
6.   Changes to this privacy policy
Genetics Australia may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time by posting the amended version on this page. We suggest that you return to our website regularly to keep up to date with any changes.
Bulls
International SiresAustralian SiresBeef Sires
Products
Estrotect Breeding Indicator+
FIL - Markers
HerdInsights
Services
Genescreen
Bull Collection
About
History
Mission and Values
Board of Directors
Research and Development
Resources
FAQ
Links
Genetics Australia Co-operative Ltd
ABN 64 822 392 303
Parwan Park 144 Woolpack Road,
Bacchus Marsh, VIC 3340
Phone: 03 5367 3888
Free phone: 1800 039 047
Fax: 03 5367 5100
Privacy
| Copyright Genetics Australia © 2020 | Website by 360South