http://www.care2x.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
News
Latest Built
Documentation
Join Us
Donations
care2x
the open source hospital information system
About Care2x
FeaturesSmart search
Smart data validation
Custom language
Custom setup
Platform
More features...
ProductApplication areas
Data privacy
Design philosophy
Functionality
Navigation
Security
Structure
SituationThe Challenge
The Solution
SupportBug report
Documentation
Mailing list
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect and protect the privacy of the individuals that use CARE 2X. Individually identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy policy ("Our Privacy Policy").
Who are we?
We are Elpidio Latorilla, the program CARE 2X, the www.care2x.org other individuals, and companies that develop, distribute, and market the program CARE 2X.
CARE 2X and Cookies
Upon your first visit to CARE 2X, sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. CARE 2X uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and to understand our user base more. CARE 2X does this by storing user preferences in cookies. CARE 2X will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Be aware, however, that most parts of CARE 2X may not function properly if you refuse cookies.
What Information Do We Store In The Cookies?
CARE 2X does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. Except for one cookie, all other cookies are erased automatically upon closing your browser. CARE 2X notes and saves the following information:
* Browser language. CARE 2X uses your browser language to determine which language to use in displaying all the information.
* Color setup.
* A randomly generated alphanumeric string (Session ID). This cookie is used to determine whether the following script module is being started by the correct module.
* A second randomly generated numeric string (User ID). This is a persistent cookie and will remian on your harddrive after closing your browser. This cookie serves to identify you the next time you visit CARE 2X. Identifying you is important so that your individual setup can be done immediately. If you want, you can erase this cookie. Follow your browser's intructions in doing this. Be aware, however, that the default setup will be used next time you visit CARE 2X.
What Information Do We Collect?
We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. The data you enter in the forms within the program will be stored in the mySQL databank. We will never disclose the data to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order. We reserve the right to erase without announcement all data that might put us in a disadvantageous situation.
Links to Other Sites
The sites eventually displayed or linked to by CARE 2X are developed by people over whom CARE 2X exercises no control. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
With Whom Do We Share Information?
We share the information about you with NOBODY. Please be aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
By using the CARE 2X and our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy. We may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Who can I ask if I have additional questions?
Feel free to contact us any time and we'll answer any additional questions you may have. Our email address is legal@care2x.org.
Our Mission
We strive to develop the most useful and practical integrated healthcare information system which is open for others to develop further.
The Infrastructure
The project development is supported by a solid infrastructure comprising several components which play important specific roles. See here.
current tickets
#130: propably session or missed get or post values on prescription page
#160: Add a new module
#155: System Admin: No way to add new user to the system
#157: admission -> There is just an admission possible for inpatietions
#114: webERP configuration
#164: Pharmacy dept
#172: Login skippable
#162: Care2x Design Changes..
#150: System Admin: Configuration of main menu (Hide-show, sort order)
#105: Pharmacy ordering
more ›
© 2013 Care2x Team | Original logo by iPublicis.com.
Drupal theme by Kiwi Themes
Privacy Policy
Legal