https://www.pharmacosmos.com/contact-us/website-privacy-notice-disclaimer
Welcome to Pharmacosmos International
INT
UK
DE
MENU
Website Privacy Notice & Disclaimer
Frontpage
Contact us
Website Privacy Notice & Disclaimer
Terms and conditions for entering pharmacosmos.com and information about use of personal data
Effective date: 09 July 2018
Pharmacosmos A/S, Roervangsvej 30, 4300 Holbaek, Denmark, info@pharmacosmos.com. Pharmacosmos is firmly committed to protecting the privacy of information we may collect from our online visitors. It is our intent to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information received from and about our online users with their reasonable expectations of privacy. The following disclose how we handle information, for which purposes we gather information, who we share your information with, your data protection rights and how our dissemination practices are for pharmacosmos.com.
1. Your privacy at pharmacosmos.com
This website was created to provide information about our company, products and services. This privacy notification applies only to this website. We have no interest in identifying any visitor for any purpose whatsoever, and thus we do not identify visitors. In the same vein, you cannot technically interact with Pharmacosmos in any way on this website itself. We do not collect any sensitive personal data on this website.
2. The information we gather and the purposes
When you visit pharmacosmos.com, we capture certain visitor information, among which some are personal data, and use cookies on this website for two purposes:A. Functionally, to optimize the website's visual representation to the device you are using, andB. For aggregated visitor traffic statistics, to understand how many visitors enter the site, which pages are displayed, for how long, and the like.
The capturing of visitor information for the purposes is intentionally limited to capture as few personal data as is technically possible. All information captured is stored in an aggregated form.
Personal data captured:
IP address
Other information captured:
First party Cookie support (Whether you allow us to place a cookie on your computer)
Visitor ID (Provided by a cookie we place on your computer when possible)
Referrer (i.e. where you came from, e.g. google.com)
Date and time of visit
Regional and language settings (to determine which country you are in)
Operating System (Windows, OS X, Linux, iOS, Android etc.)
Browser & Browser Version (Chrome, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Safari etc.)
Screen Resolution (1280x1024, 1024x768, etc.)
JavaScript support
Java support
The title of the page you are viewing
The URL of the page you are viewing
Both the Personal data and the Other information captured is stored on virtual servers owned by Microsoft as part of their Azure Online Services and on virtual servers owned by Google LLC as part of their Google Analytics service. The above listing of Other information captured represents our best effort at interpreting the data types that is captured by Google Analytics, as per Google LLC and by Azure Online Services, as per Microsoft information.Other personal data that is not captured automatically:This website may have areas/parts with content that is not open to the internet. This content is thus not directly accessible, for legal reasons. For such areas/parts, you as a visitor will need to register and create a login be able to access the content inside. To be able to register yourself, personal data will need to be collected in our database. Full, detailed information about this processing is provided when you register
3. How information is used
We will only capture personal data for the purposes stated in this notification. When we finish processing your personal data for the stated purposes, it will be erased to ensure your privacy.
4. The legal basis for the use of your information
We capture and use your personal data for the purpose of our legitimate interests and it is assessed that our interests in processing your personal data overrides your interests. The legitimate interests of Pharmacosmos are:
Seeking to functionally ensure the website is visually presented to you in an optimal way;
Analyzing statistics of your use of this website to improve your user experience;
6. How we ensure data security
We take protecting your personal data very seriously and comply strictly with the provisions of data protection laws. Personal data is captured on this website only to the extent required for the purposes described. Under no circumstances is the collected data sold on to third-parties for any reason.
7. Disclosure to third parties
The information captured on this website is transferred to Google LLC, because we use the service Google Analytics for the purpose B. described above. The information captured on this website is transferred to Microsoft, because we use the service Azure Online Services for hosting this website and for the purpose A. described above.
In order to comply with legal obligations, to protect the rights, property or safety of Pharmacosmos, its employees and others, or in the event we sell or liquidate any part of our business or assets, the captured information may be shared with Pharmacosmos Group entities. In the event that any such sharing is done, this will be executed in a manner compliant with applicable data protection legislation.
Transfer of personal dataPharmacosmos engages Google LLC and Microsoft that will have access to and process your personal data. If such third party services providers process your personal data outside of the EU/EEA, such transfer of personal data will either be subject to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield or the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. You can request a copy of the agreement covering the transfer of personal data by contacting Pharmacosmos’ data protection officer on dataprotection@pharmacosmos.com.
Please be informed that the level of data protection as currently applied and enforced in countries outside the European Union does not conform to the level of data protection for personal data currently applied and enforced within the European Union. The transfer of data between Pharmacosmos Group entities will be based on Binding Corporate Rules.
8. Visitor rights
You are entitled to know whether we hold personal data about you and, if we do, obtain insight to that data.This includes the right to demand disclosure of the personal data relating to your person and stored with us as well as the right to correction, deletion and limitation of the processing of these data and to object to the processing. The EU General Data Protection Regulation in addition grants you a right of transferability of data.
Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. Insofar as you have questions or have a complaint regarding data protection with Pharmacosmos, however, we recommend referring to our data protection officer dataprotection@pharmacosmos.com.
9. Use of cookies
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on your computer or mobile device by a website's server and only that server will be able to retrieve or read the contents of that cookie. Each cookie is unique to your web browser. It will contain some anonymous information such as a unique identifier and the site name and some digits and numbers. It allows a website to remember things like your preferences - e.g. choice of language.
When you first enter the website, or when you have deleted the cookies used on the website, you can access a detailed cookie overview at the bottom of the website.Pharmacosmos uses the following cookies on this site:
Necessary cookies; Cookies that are strictly necessary in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features.
Functionality cookies; Functionality cookies record information that is needed for purpose A.
Statistics cookies; Help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information.
You can learn more about cookies in general here, including how to deselect cookies.
10. Legal disclaimers
Information purposesThe content presented on the Pharmacosmos website is presented solely for informational purposes. The site does not provide you with advice or recommendation of any kind and should not be relied on as the basis for any decision or action. You are advised to consult professional advisors in the appropriate field with respect to the applicability of any particular aspect of the contents by contacting info@pharmacosmos.com. In particular, nothing on this website constitutes an invitation or offer to invest or deal in Pharmacosmos securities.Further, the site provides selected information of diseases. Such information is not intended as medical advice. Such information is not a substitute for the advice of a health care professional. If you have or suspect having any health problems, you should consult your general practitioner or other qualified health care professional.
Information provided ''as is''The information on this site is provided "as is" and Pharmacosmos makes no representations or warranties, expressed or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Pharmacosmos makes no representations or warranties of any kind as to the completeness, accuracy, timeliness, availability, functionality and compliance with applicable laws. By using this website you accept the risk that the information may be incomplete or inaccurate or may not meet your needs or requirements. However, Pharmacosmos warrants that it complies with applicable data protection legislation.
LiabilityNeither Pharmacosmos nor our content providers shall be liable for any damages or injury arising out of your access to, or inability to access, this site or from your reliance on any information provided herein. Pharmacosmos disclaims any and all liability for direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, and special or other damages, lost opportunities, lost profit or any other loss or damages of any kind. This limitation includes damages or any viruses, which may affect your computer equipment. However, Pharmacosmos excludes or limits its liability in relation to data protection.
Links to other sitesThis website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Pharmacosmos, please be aware that we are not responsible for or have control over the privacy policies of these sites. This privacy statement applies only to information gathered on this site. We strongly encourage you to read the privacy statements of every site you visit that gathers personal data.
Sites linking to usPharmacosmos does not endorse web sites linking to Pharmacosmos sites. Pharmacosmos is not responsible for content on any site that links to Pharmacosmos sites and Pharmacosmos does not have any control over information that users may choose to provide to these sites.
UpdatesAny changes to this privacy notification will be communicated promptly on this page. If you have any further questions concerning Pharmacosmos’ privacy notification, please contact dataprotection@pharmacosmos.com
Copyright and use of contentThe content of this website is the property of Pharmacosmos and is protected by copyright laws. The trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos and product displayed on this site are protected worldwide, and no use of any of these may be made without the prior written consent of Pharmacosmos. You are welcome to download the content of this website, however, only for your personal and non-commercial use. No modification or further reproduction of the contents is permitted. The content may otherwise not be copied or used in any other manner.
Governing LawYour access and use of this website and the contents hereof shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the Laws of Denmark.
Back to Privacy Notices
Privacy Notices
© 2020 PHARMACOSMOS A/SThis website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences outside US and may contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin. Monofer®, CosmoFer®, Diafer® and Uniferon® are registered trademarks of Pharmacosmos A/S. All rights reserved.Privacy Notices Terms & Conditions
Pharmacosmos
Aspiration and Values
Management
Products
History
Sustainability
Iron Deficiency
Facts
Symptoms
Causes
Treatment
Veterinary
Partnering
Human Iron
Veterinary Iron
Carbohydrates
Career
Jobs
News & Media
News
Media
Contact us
Privacy Notices
Pharmacosmos
You are now leaving Pharmacosmos.com. The website you are about to visit is is a Pharmacosmos subsidary. Do you want to proceed?
OK
Cancel