https://www.glatfelter.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Menu
AboutOverview Vision and Values
Senior Leadership Team
Locations
History
News and Events
Glatfelter is a leading global supplier of engineered materials. Our ongoing portfolio transformation is creating a more stable, growth-oriented business, coupled with a leaner cost structure and a new operating model.Learn More
SolutionsOverview Segments Food and Beverage
Personal Care
Consumer
Electrical
Building
Industrial
Packaging
Medical
Technology
Customer Service
Consumers rely on Glatfelter engineered materials for their most important daily needs, beginning with their morning cup of coffee. See how Glatfelter enhances everyday life.Learn More
SustainabilityOverview Our Sustainability Priorities
Environmental
Social
Governance and Ethics
Policies and Certifications
Our commitment to sustainability and being a responsible corporate citizen has been longstanding. Today, we continue to operate in line with our Core Values and contribute to the health, well-being and everyday living of millions of people around the world.Learn More
InvestorsOverview Why Invest in Glatfelter
Financials and Filings
Webcasts and Presentations
Corporate Governance
Glatfelter is a leading global supplier of engineered materials with approximately $928 million in annual revenue. Explore our latest earnings releases and investor presentations, and learn about our governance.Learn More
CareersOverview Why Work for Glatfelter
Search Careers
Generations of talented employees have contributed to Glatfelter's success by leading the way in the development and manufacture of engineered solutions. Today, Glatfelter employs over 2,600 people in a variety of fields across the globe. Start your own Glatfelter success story. Come join our team.Learn More
COVID-19
See our 2019/2020 ESG Report
News & Events
Contact Us
Loading...
Open Search
Search:
Search
Terms of Use
© COPYRIGHT 2020 Glatfelter. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
These Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”) contain the terms and conditions that govern your access to and use of this website (the “Site”). This Site is created, controlled and published by Glatfelter Corporation, Charlotte, North Carolina (together with its affiliates or subsidiaries, may be hereinafter collectively referred to as, “Glatfelter”). Please read these Terms of Use carefully. If any term in these Terms of Use are unacceptable to you, please do not use this Site.  By accessing or using this Site, you agree to follow and be bound by these Terms of Use and Glatfelter’s Privacy Policy (which Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use). Glatfelter may at any time, in its sole discretion and without notice, revise or modify these Terms of Use. You are bound by any modifications made by Glatfelter to these Terms of Use and should periodically visit this Site to review the current Terms of Use. Glatfelter may also terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the Site at any time and may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to part or all of the Site without notice or liability.
Use of Site
You may access and use the Site solely in accordance with the Terms of Use.  You will strictly adhere to all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the access and use of the Site, including those laws, rules and regulations that apply to online conduct, online content, and the export of data to and from the United States and your country of residence.  In no event may the Site be used in any matter that (a) is unlawful, prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity which infringes or violates the rights of Glatfelter or any other party (including, but not limited to, rights of publicity or other proprietary rights); (b) includes spam or any unsolicited advertising; (c) uses or launches any automated system, including, without limitation, “robots,” “spiders,” or “offline readers,” to access Glatfelter or any content; (d) attempts to introduce viruses or any other technologies that may harm Glatfelter or the interests of property of any other person or entity, including any other user of any site; (e) attempts to gain unauthorized access or damage, disable, overburden, or impair Glatfelter’s servers or computer network; (f) impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your identity or affiliation with another person or entity; or (g) fails to comply with applicable third-party terms. In case of any violation of the Terms of Use, Glatfelter reserves the right to seek all remedies available to it by law and in equity.
Copyright
Unless otherwise indicated, the Site and all text, audio, images and other materials or elements therein (including images, text, look and feel attributes) (collectively, the “Content”) is copyrighted 2020 Glatfelter. Permission is granted to view and download Content within this Site solely for personal or internal, non-commercial purposes, but no modification or further reproduction of the Content is permitted. The Content may otherwise not be copied or used in any way. The Content is owned and copyrighted by Glatfelter and its licensors with all rights reserved. Glatfelter and its licensors expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all Content on the Site. You have no right to use and shall not use the Content, except as provided in these Terms of Use, without the prior written permission of Glatfelter.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos and all related product names, design marks and slogans which appear on the Site (the “Marks”) are either the trademarks or service marks (registered or unregistered) of Glatfelter or its licensors unless otherwise stated herein. You have no right to use and shall not use such Marks contained on the Site without prior written permission of Glatfelter or its respective owner. In its sole discretion, Glatfelter or its licensors may seek to enforce their intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the possibility of seeking criminal prosecution.
Disclaimer of Warranties
This Site is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of the implied warranties, so the disclaimer above may not apply to you in this respect. The materials on this Site are provided for informational purposes only. Glatfelter does not represent or warrant that any information in this Site is correct, complete, or up-to-date. Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process or service by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not necessarily constitute or imply its endorsement or recommendation by Glatfelter.
Third-Party Sites
Some pages on this Site may contain links or references to other resources or Web sites controlled by parties other than Glatfelter (“Third-Party Sites”). Those links or references are provided as aids to help identify and locate other online resources of interest. They are not intended to state or imply that (a) Glatfelter endorses any products, services, advice or information available from such Third-Party Sites, (b) that Glatfelter sponsors or is in any way affiliated or associated with the owners or publishers of such resources or Third-Party Sites, or (c) that Glatfelter is legally authorized to use any trade name, registered trademark, logo, legal or official seal, or copyrighted symbol that may be reflected in the links, references or Third-Party Sites.  Glatfelter does not warrant and specifically disclaims any and all responsibility or liability for your use of such Third-Party Sites. Any links or references to Third-Party Sites are provided as merely a convenience to the users of this Site and your decision to view any linked or referenced Third-Party Site is at your own risk. You hereby release Glatfelter and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, representatives and agents from any and all such responsibility or liability for your use of such Third-Party Sites. Confidentiality cannot be guaranteed. Please refer to the policies posted by these Third-Party Sites regarding their terms of use, privacy and data gathering practices before you use them.
User Content
Should you transmit to Glatfelter at or through the Site or any social media pages of any information, communication or material, including personal information and feedback data such as questions, comments and suggestions regarding the content of any portion of this Site or the like (“collectively, “User Content”), such User Content shall be deemed to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. By displaying, publishing, or otherwise posting any User Content on or through the Site or any social media pages that Glatfelter controls, you hereby grant to Glatfelter a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide, fully-paid, royalty-free license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such User Content in any and all media now known or hereinafter developed without the requirement to make payment to you or to any third-party or the need to seek any third-party permission. This license includes, without limitation, the right to host, index, cache, distribute, and tag any User Content, the right to sublicense User Content to third-parties (including other users for use on other media or platforms known or hereinafter developed) and to develop, manufacture and market products incorporating such User Content. You waive all rights you may have to inspect and/or approve of any use by us of any User Content, and all rights to any claim against us for any alleged or actual infringements of any proprietary rights, rights of privacy and publicity, moral rights, and copyright.
You continue to retain all ownership rights in your User Content, and you continue to have the right to use your User Content in any way you choose, subject to these Terms of Use and the license described herein.  You represent and warrant that you own the content submitted, displayed, published or posted by you on the Site or social media page and otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth herein, and the displaying, publishing or posting of any content you submit, and our use thereof, does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patents, contract rights or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity. Glatfelter does not endorse, verify, evaluate or guarantee any information provided by users and nothing shall be considered as an endorsement, verification or guarantee of any User Content.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Glatfelter, its subsidiaries and affiliates and their officers, directors, employees, representatives, and agents from any and all claims, suits, damages, costs, lawsuits, fines, penalties, liabilities, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of or connected in any way with (a) your use of the Site, (b) violation of these Terms of Use, (c) violation of any law, regulation or rights of a third-party, or (d) any information you provide to Glatfelter or which arises from the use of User Content you submitted, posted, or otherwise provided to Glatfelter or this Site.
Limitation of Liability
NEITHER GLATFELTER NOR ITS AFFILIATES NOR THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE REPRESENTATIVES OR AGENTS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR INJURY ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF ANY CONTENT OR THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT OR USE OF ANY THIRD-PARTY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR INJURY. FURTHERMORE, GLATFELTER IS NOT LIABLE EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN NEGLIGENT OR IF OUR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR BOTH.  THIS INCLUDES, BUT IS NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ANY OF THE FOLLOWING: USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) THE SITE; USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) ANY SITE TO WHICH YOU HYPERLINK FROM OUR SITE; FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE; ERROR; OMISSION; INTERRUPTION; DEFECT; DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION; COMPUTER VIRUS; LINE FAILURE; INTRUSION, HACKING OR VIOLATION OF THE SITE BY ANY THIRD-PARTY; OR ANY ILLEGAL ACTIVITIES OF ANY THIRD-PARTIES. If, notwithstanding the other provisions of these Terms of use, Glatfelter is found to be liable for any damage or loss which arises out of or is connected with your use of the Site or any content, Glatfelter’s liability shall in no event exceed USD $100.00.
THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY OR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. Please be aware that the internet is NOT a secure method of communication. Any communications or materials transmitted to or from Glatfelter via the site or internet electronic mail cannot be guaranteed secure, including personal information such as your name, address or product information. GLATFELTER DOES NOT WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY user content YOU TRANSMIT TO IT AT THE SITE.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Your use or access of this Site constitutes your consent to jurisdiction in courts of competent jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, to resolve any interpretations or disputes arising from these Terms of Use and any legal action or proceeding that arise from your access to, or use of, this Site or any of its Content.
General Terms
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and Glatfelter and governs your access to and use of the Site. The failure of Glatfelter to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of any such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, then such provision shall be eliminated from the Terms of Use and the surviving terms shall remain in full force and effect. Any cause of action you may have with respect to your access or use of the Site or any Content therein must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises.
Forward-Looking Statements
This website includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. Glatfelter undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in Glatfelter’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission available in Financials and Filings or at www.sec.gov.
No Duty to Update
The information contained in this website was current as of the date presented. Glatfelter assumes no duty to update the information to reflect subsequent developments. Consequently, Glatfelter will not update the information contained in the website and investors should not rely upon the information as current or accurate after the presentation date.
Disclosure Under the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
California’s Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 requires that manufacturers and retailers doing business in California disclose on their websites the steps that they have taken against the use of human trafficking in their supply chains.  Glatfelter is unconditionally opposed to human trafficking and believes that all workers have the right to freely choose employment, humane treatment and a workplace free of harassment and unlawful discrimination.  Therefore, Glatfelter expects its suppliers to equally act as responsible corporate citizens and to take their own affirmative actions to protect the rights of their workers against human trafficking.  To reinforce these beliefs, Glatfelter has adopted various policies with respect to its supply chain to help Glatfelter assess and audit its suppliers and Glatfelter expects suppliers to be honest, forthright and transparent in the questions and information solicited by Glatfelter in its vetting of suppliers.  These policies assist Glatfelter with the following key areas of its supply chain:
Awareness – Informing our suppliers of the importance of the issue of human trafficking and that it is an issue which Glatfelter takes very seriously.
Audits – Conducting on-site audits of Glatfelter suppliers to confirm their compliance with Glatfelter’s standards and requirements.
Certifications – Requiring Glatfelter’s suppliers to certify that they are complying with all applicable laws including, without limitation, those regarding anti-bribery, labor, employment and safety laws.
Education – Educating relevant Glatfelter employees, consultants and management by providing training on human trafficking and slavery in the supply chain and other topics relevant to supplier social responsibility.
Employee Accountability – Maintaining strict accountability standards and procedures to ensure that Glatfelter employees and consultants comply with all applicable laws and Glatfelter’s policies regarding human trafficking.
Glatfelter’s business principles will continue to evolve and adapt to a changing world, while remaining committed to our opposition to human trafficking.  We will update this Site as we adopt new processes and policies.
Assistance
If you are having technical difficulty and cannot reply through electronic means, you may call or write to Glatfelter’s webmaster at the address below. If you have comments and no technical difficulties, please e-mail webmaster@glatfelter.com
Webmaster
Glatfelter
Capitol Towers South
4350 Congress Street, Suite 600
Charlotte, NC 28209
Telephone: +1-866-744-7380
About
Vision & Values
Senior Leadership Team
Locations
History
News & Events
Solutions
Segments
Food & Beverage
Personal Care
Consumer
Electrical
Building
Industrial
Packaging
Medical
Technology
Customer Service
Sustainability
Our Sustainability Priorities
Environmental
Social
Governance & Ethics
Policies & Certifications
Investors
Why Invest in Glatfelter
Financials & Filings
Webcasts & Presentations
Corporate Governance
Careers
Why Work for Glatfelter
Search Careers
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Stock Quote
Loading...
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Declaration
CCPA
Legal Notices
Impressum
Datenschutz
Suppliers
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2020 Glatfelter Corporation (r)