http://www.commercialcollection.com/privacy-policy
We Are Still Fully Operational and Open for Business During the COVID-19 Pandemic.
Click Here To Learn More
Client Menu
Client AccessNew Web Based Client PortalThis is our new client portal. A Citrix download is NOT requiredMake A PaymentFree Rate Quote
About CCCThe CCC StaffNewslettersSample Business FormsCareersFred FactorServicesPlacement Options3rd Party Collection ServiceInternational CollectionsReportingLegal ServiceSmall Balance ServiceOutsource ServicesCredit Check ServiceLien Assurance ServiceCredit Reference CheckPublic Record SearchSales & Marketing ServicesMember Organizations ServicesPre-Collect Level AR ServiceEventsCareersContact Us
Privacy Policy
Commercial Collection Corporation of NY takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy sets out how Commercial Collection Corporation of NY uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.
Commercial Collection Corporation of NY is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Commercial Collection Corporation of NY may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Last Updated: October 10, 2019
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
User-Provided Information: You provide us information about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address, if you correspond with us by email.
* Credit Card Information is not received, collected, or stored by Commercial Collection Corporation of NY. All credit card payments are processed by a legally compliant third party payment processor. Commercial Collection Corporation of NY is PCI compliant.
What we do with the information we gather
We may use the information to improve our website based on the information and feedback we receive from you, or to follow up with you after correspondence.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Where necessary, Commercial Collection Corporation of NY uses cookies to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device.
You can find more information about cookies at:
www.allaboutcookies.org
www.youronlinechoices.eu
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. The cookies used on this website have been categorized based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide.
Category 1: strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. Without these cookies services like shopping baskets or e-billing, cannot be provided.
Category 2: performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how a website works.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
Category 3: functionality cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing in a cookie the region in which you are currently located. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customise. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these type of cookies on your device.
Category 4: targeting cookies or advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organizations.
Controlling Your Privacy
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of web browser privacy management links may also be useful.
Third Party Use of Cookies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Site are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
Google Analytics and Automatic Data Collection
Commercial Collection Corporation of NY uses Google Analytics to help understand the use of our website. This service collects the information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including cookies and your IP address. Among other things, we will collect data regarding the searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp information.
The information we collect automatically is used for statistical data and will not include personal information. We use this type of information to administer the site and provide the highest possible level of service to you. We also use this information to perform statistical analysis of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site. To the extent that you voluntarily provide personal information to us, our systems will associate the automatically collected information with your personal information.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received online, mail, and telephone.
Email Policies
We are committed to keeping your e-mail address confidential. We do not sell, rent, or lease our subscription lists to third parties, and will not disclose your email address to any third parties except as allowed in the section titled “How We Share Your Information”.
We will maintain the information you send via e-mail in accordance with applicable federal law.
In compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act, all e-mails sent from ETP will clearly state who the e-mail is from and provide clear information on how to contact the sender. In addition, all e-mail messages will also contain concise information on how to remove yourself from our mailing list so that you receive no further e-mail communication from us.
How We Share Your Information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Security Measures
We maintain security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, misuse or disclosure. However, no exchange of data over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. While we make every effort to protect your personal information shared with us through our site, you acknowledge that the personal information you voluntarily share with us through this site could be accessed or tampered with by a third party. You agree that we are not responsible for any intercepted information shared through our Site without our knowledge or permission. Additionally, you release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of such intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Sharing
Please be aware that when you use our site to post comments and share other information, any information that you provide may not be secure and can be collected and used by others. As a result, you should exercise caution before you make such disclosures.
Visitor GDPR Rights
If you are within the European Union, you are entitled to certain information and have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. Those rights include:
We will retain any information you choose to provide to us until the earlier of: (a) you asking us to delete the information, (b) our decision to cease using our existing data providers, or (c) the Company decides that the value in retaining the data is outweighed by the costs of retaining it.
You have the right to request access to your data that the Company stores and the right to either rectify or erase your personal data. You have the right to seek restrictions on the processing of your data. You have the right to object to the processing of your data and the right to the portability of your data.
To the extent that you provided consent to the Company’s processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of processing based upon consent that occurred prior to your withdrawal of consent.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that has jurisdiction over issues related to the General Data Protection Regulation.
We require only the information that is reasonably required to enter into a contract with you. We will not require you to provide consent for any unnecessary processing as a condition of entering into a contract with us.
Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on Commercial Collection Corporation of NY. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to our Contact Us page for further clarification.
Join Our Newsletter
Signup Today!
Contact Us
Office Address
34 Seymour Street
Tonawanda, NY 14150
Mailing Address
P.O. Box 288
Tonawanda, NY 14151-0288
Affiliates
View our Privacy Policy
Powered by Fission Content Management System | Website Design by 360 PSG