http://www.reingold.com/who-we-are/privacy-policy/
Who We Are
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the types of personal information collected through Reingold.com (“website”) and how Reingold, Inc. (“we, our, us”) uses, shares, and protects that information.
Applicability of This Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to the personal information Reingold collects on this website (Reingold.com).
Information Visitors Provide to Us
We may collect and store personal information that our website visitors voluntarily provide when they contact us through this website. Personal information may include the visitor’s name, email address, telephone number, or home address. We use this information to respond to visitors' requests and questions.
Cookies
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on a website visitor’s computer hard drive or Internet-connected device. Cookie technology holds information that a site may need to personalize a visitor’s experience. Cookies may also be used for security purposes and to gather statistical data about how visitors navigate and use the website, such as which pages they visit, what they download, and the paths they take to find the website and move from page to page.
Reingold uses cookies to identify visitors and to track their usage of our website. Visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers may disable cookies within their browser before using our website.
Sharing Information
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information we collect about website visitors, except as described herein or otherwise disclosed to visitors at the time the data are collected.
We may share information provided by our website visitors with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf including, without limitation, hosting or operating this website, carrying out visitors’ requests, responding to visitors’ inquiries, and analyzing data. By contract we require these service providers to appropriately safeguard the privacy and security of personal information they process on our behalf.
We may disclose information about a visitor, as compelled or required by law, to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, to protect or defend our legal rights, or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or violations of our terms of use for this website or other applicable policies.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have collected through our website in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business.
Security
The security of personal information is important to us, and we are committed to using reasonable measures to protect the personal information we may collect. However, due to the inherently open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between our website visitors and us, or the information stored on this website, are absolutely secure.
Links to Other Websites
This website may provide links to other websites for our visitors’ convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Reingold is not responsible for the privacy or security practices of these sites or content contained therein. We strongly encourage visitors to review these sites to better understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
Offline Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under the age of 13.
Consent
By using this website, visitors consent to the processing of their personal information as described in this privacy policy.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or add to this privacy policy from time to time and will post any revisions on this website. We will indicate at the bottom of the privacy policy when it was most recently updated. We encourage visitors to check back often to review the latest version.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints regarding this privacy policy or privacy issues related to the website, you can contact us here
You may also contact us by mail at:
1321 Duke St.Alexandria, VA 22314
Privacy Policy Effective Date: Oct. 14, 2015
Let's get to work.
Contact Us
×
What We Do
Strategy
Engagement
Creative
Interactive
Digital Marketing
Our Work
Case Studies
Focus Areas
Our Blog
Thought Leadership
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Who We Are
Our People
Join Our Team
Our Qualifications
Our Partners
Contact Us
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
Back To Top