https://www.lynnmichelle.com/privacy-policy/
HomeAboutPricingIMAGESBLOGBRIDALSDETAILSDestinationsENGAGEMENTSFirst LooksPROPOSALSWeddingsInformationCamera RecsCOVID19FAQReviewsContact
HomeAboutPricingIMAGESBLOGBRIDALSDETAILSDestinationsENGAGEMENTSFirst LooksPROPOSALSWeddings
LYNN MICHELLE photography
InformationCamera RecsCOVID19FAQReviewsContact
PRIVACY POLICY
WHO WE ARE.
We are all about the jokes and fun on this blog, but protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.lynnmichelle.com and Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC include www.lynnmichelle.com. The Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC website is a wedding and portrait photography site. By using the Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
CONTACT FORMS & COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. We will use your information for, but not limited to, communication with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
EMBEDDED CONTENT FROM OTHER WEBSITES.
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
TRACKING USER BEHAVIOR.
Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC, in order to determine what Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access time and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC website.
USE OF COOKIES.
The Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC pages, or register with Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC site or services, a cookie helps Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC services or websites you visit.
LINKS.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content of privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.
Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good father belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC, or the public.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS.
From time to time, Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC, you may opt out of such communications by replying “UNSUBSCRIBE”.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR DATA.
Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC uses the following methods for this purpose:
-SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT.
Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Lynn Michelle Photography, LLC at: lynn@lynnmichelle.com or 972-824-5519.
Effective as of January 1, 2019.
Email: lynn@lynnmichelle.com
Phone: 972-824-5519
Dallas, Texas 75208
Privacy Policy | Copyright Information
CONNECT
©2020 Lynn Michelle Photography
Menu