http://www.nyp-corp.com/privacy-policy/
y
Request a Quote
NYP Corp Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting NYP Corp.’s website and reviewing our privacy policy.Information sharing and disclosureOur privacy policy is simple:
we collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to voluntarily provide that information to us.
We do not sell, trade or otherwise share personal information with other parties unless required by law to do so.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you as long as they agree to keep this information confidential.Information Involuntarily Collected About VisitorsWe collect the following information for every visitor to our website:Your IP address and broad geographic locationThe operating system and/or browser of the computer from which you accessed our websiteThe date and time you arrived at our websiteThe pages you visited on our websiteThe date and time you exited our websiteCookiesNYP Corp. may collect other types of anonymous data from Website visitors through the use of “cookies”, which are small text files that a Website places on the hard drive of your computer that identifies you as a user.
No personally identifying information from you will be collected as part of these cookies.
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the ability to accept it and alternatively you may set your browser to turn off or block cookies.LinksThis website contains links to other sites.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other sites that collect personally identifiable information.SecurityNYP Corp protects your personal information when given to us by use of firewalls, VPN, passwords, encryption of credit card numbers, physical security and internal policies.This privacy policy was last updated on April 30, 2009.
NYP Corp. may modify the provisions of this privacy policy from time to time.
The new provisions will be effective as soon as they are posted.
Please check this page periodically to ensure that you are aware of any change.Contacting UsIf you have any privacy questions or issues, the privacy contact for this website is listed below:NYP Corp.Attn: Christopher LaBelle805 E. Grand St.Elizabeth, NJ
07201USATelephone: 908-351-6550Fax: 908-351-0108Email: privacy@nyp-corp.com
Elizabeth, NJ 1-800-524-1052
:
Leola, Pa 800-541-0961
:
Madison, OH 440-428-0129
:
McMinnville, TN 931-314-2103
:
St. Louis, MO 314-421-0498
:
Lumberton, NC
877-448-2247
Our Company
Contacts/Locations
Nursery Horticulture
Agricultural Packaging
Industrial Packaging
Request Quote
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Home
© 2018 NYP Corp. All Rights Reserved.
Internet Marketing - Digital Shifters