https://www.frostyboy.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Frosty Boy is firmly committed to protecting your personal information and protecting your privacy. We understand and appreciate that users of our website (at www.frostyboy.com), users of our other websites and our customers generally are concerned about their privacy and the confidentiality and security of any information that may be provided to us. We therefore aim to maintain a safe and secure system of handling your personal information and will ensure that your personal information is handled in strict compliance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), and the National Privacy Principles as outlined in Schedule 3 of the Act.
The National Privacy Principles deal generally with our collection, use, storage and disclosure of, and your access to, information we may have recorded about you.
The Frosty Boy Privacy Policy has been developed as an extension of our customer commitment to you. It explains how we collect, store, and use your personally identifiable information. Our Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ changing needs. Accordingly, this Privacy Policy is subject to change over time without notification being made to users, and therefore we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to become aware of any changes that may have occurred.
Collection of Personal Information
We will collect personally identifiable information from you when you knowingly provide it to us. For example, this may occur when you contact us via telephone, provide your contact details through our website, or otherwise make a request/enquiry.
We may also collect your information from other customers, such as your friends or family, if they request us to provide goods or services to you.
The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
When you visit the Frosty Boy website, we (or agencies on our behalf) and our Internet Service Provider may monitor and make a record of your visit and log the following “clickstream data” for statistical purposes:
your server’s IP address;
your top-level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc);
the pages you accessed and any documents downloaded;
the previous site you have visited and the site you move to;
the type of browser and operating system you are using; and
the date and time of your visit.
For example, this information may be used to find out how our website is used and navigated, including the number of hits, the frequency and duration of visits and most popular session times, so that we may evaluate and improve our website performance.
In terms of your personal information, we only collect information about individuals that is necessary for us to carry on our business functions. What information we collect depends upon the nature of our dealings with you. Importantly, in some circumstances if you do not provide the information that we request, you may not be able to engage with us. For example, if you refuse to provide some personal information as may be requested on the Frosty Boy website, you may not be able to use all features or services of the website.
Information collected from other Sources
We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (such as Facebook), as well as from other third parties. Examples of the information we receive from other sources include: social media profile information (your name, gender, birthday, email, current city, state and country, user identification numbers for your contacts, profile picture URL and any other information that you choose to make public); marketing leads and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (“Business Purposes”), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you (“Contractual”), with your consent (“Consent”), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations (“Legal Reasons”). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To send you marketing and promotional communications [for Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We and/or our third-party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the “Your Privacy Rights” below).
To send administrative information to you [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual]. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Fulfill and manage your orders [for Contractual reasons]. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites.
To post testimonials [with your Consent]. We post testimonials on our Sites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at info@frostyboy.com and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.
Deliver targeted advertising to you [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. [For more information, see our Cookie Policy https://frostyboy.com/cookie-policy/].
Administer prize draws and competitions [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We may use your information to administer prize draws and competitions when you elect to participate in competitions.
Request Feedback [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites.
To protect our Sites [for Business Purposes and/or Legal Reasons]. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enable user-to-user communications [with your consent]. We may use your information in order to enable user-to-user communications with each user’s consent.
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual].
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm [for Legal Reasons]. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing and your experience.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
Third-Party Advertisers. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Sites. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. [See our Cookie Policy [Hyperlink] for further information]
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
Business Partners. We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
Other Users. When you share personal information (for example, by posting comments, contributions or other content to the Sites) or otherwise interact with public areas of the Site [or App], such personal information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside the Site [and our App] in perpetuity. [If you interact with other users of our Sites and register through a social network (such as Facebook), your contacts on the social network will see your name, profile photo, and descriptions of your activity.] Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of your activity, communicate with you within our Sites, and view your profile.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy [HYPERLINK TO POLICY].
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
Our servers are located in Australia. If you are accessing our Sites from outside Australia, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see “Disclosure of Your Information” above), in United Arab Emirates, Singapore, Philippines, Brazil, India (the locations of our regional offices) and other countries .
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.
Such measures implementing the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies and between us and our third-party providers, which require all such recipients to protect personal information that they process from the EEA in accordance with European data protection laws. We have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
The Sites may contain advertisements or information from third parties that are not affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, online services or mobile applications. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you provide to any third parties. Any data collected by third parties is not covered by this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other websites, services or applications that may be linked to or from the Sites. You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly to respond to your questions.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than [90 days/6 months/1 year/2 years/the period of time in which you have an account with us/90 days past the termination of your account/6 months past the termination of your account/1 year past the termination of your account/2 years past the termination of your account].
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Sites, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Site. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at info@frostyboy.com
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm] ]
All personally identifiable information will be handled and stored in accordance with Frosty Boy’s obligations under the Australian Privacy Act.
Account Information
You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by:
Contacting us using the contact information provided below
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. You can also opt-out by:
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with the [Sites/ Mobile Application/ Facebook Application], you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the [Sites/ Mobile Application/ Facebook Application]. To request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in California. We will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the [Sites/ Mobile Application/ Facebook Application], but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, email us at info@frostyboy.com or by post to:
Frosty Boy Australia Pty Ltd
Attention: Marketing
1 Dixon St
YATALA QLD 4207
AUSTRALIA
Phone: +61 7 3806 2888
Have another question?
Contact Us
Phone: +61 7 3806 2888
1 Dixon Street,
Yatala QLD 4207, Australia
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.