https://www.thewarnott.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Thew Arnott is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Thew Arnott Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Thew Arnott website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Thew Arnott collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Thew Arnott also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your post code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Thew Arnott. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Thew Arnott for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Thew Arnott Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Thew Arnott public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Thew Arnott does not read any of your private online communications.
Thew Arnott encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Thew Arnott so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Thew Arnott is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Thew Arnott and Thew Arnott family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Thew Arnott collects and uses your personal information to operate the Thew Arnott Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Thew Arnott also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Thew Arnott and its affiliates. Thew Arnott may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Thew Arnott does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Thew Arnott may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Thew Arnott may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Thew Arnott, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Thew Arnott does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Thew Arnott keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Thew Arnott, in order to determine what Thew Arnott services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Thew Arnott to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Thew Arnott Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Thew Arnott or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Thew Arnott; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Thew Arnott, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Thew Arnott Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Thew Arnott pages, or register with Thew Arnott site or services, a cookie helps Thew Arnott to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Thew Arnott Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Thew Arnott features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Thew Arnott services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Thew Arnott secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Thew Arnott secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Thew Arnott will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Thew Arnott encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Thew Arnott is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Thew Arnott welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Thew Arnott has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Thew Arnott at contactus@thewarnott.co.uk. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Search for:
Recent Posts
Learn more about Lyckeby Careful – more than E-number free
Thew Arnott and Lyckeby have combined forces to promote the exciting Lyckeby Careful Range of clean label starches
Sustainability Starts at the Source – Loryma part of Crespel & Deiters – Regional Wheat Specialties
Update September 28, 2020 COVID-19 THEW ARNOTT RISK ASSESSMENT
Thew Arnott Partner Loryma Introduces Binding System for Great-Tasting, Authentic Meat Alternatives
Recent CommentsArchives
November 2020
October 2020
September 2020
July 2020
May 2020
March 2020
January 2020
September 2019
May 2019
March 2019
February 2019
January 2019
December 2018
October 2018
September 2018
August 2018
June 2018
April 2018
March 2018
February 2018
December 2017
October 2017
September 2017
August 2017
June 2017
May 2017
March 2017
November 2016
Categories
Gravitas
Sustainable Supply Chain
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks