http://www.hypsos.com/privacy-policy
Privacy statementVersion 1.0.0Last change: 15 Sept 2020PERSONAL DATA THAT MAY BE PROCESSEDHypsos may process your personal data because you use the services of Hypsos and/or because you provide them to Hypsos yourself when you fill in a form on the website. Hypsos can process the following personal data:– Your first and last name– Your address details– Your phone number– Your email address– Your IP address– Your company name and its name and address details– Information about your location, device, browser settings and surfing behaviourWhy Hypsos Needs Data
• Execution of the concluded agreement
Hypsos can use your personal data in the context of the execution of an assignment agreement concluded with you. For example, handling an assignment or sending a newsletter.• Contact us after a contact request
Hypsos processes your personal data to be able to contact you by telephone if you request this and/or to be able to contact you in writing (by e-mail and/or by post) if you cannot be reached by telephone.• Newsletter
If you sign up for the newsletter, permission will be requested twice. First fill in your details on our website, after which you will receive a confirmation email. In this e-mail, you confirm your subscription to the newsletter by clicking on the link in the e-mail.
To be able to send a personal newsletter, we need your e-mail address and full name. These data are only used for sending the newsletter. You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time via the link under each newsletter. This link can also be found on our contact page.
We use Flexmail for our newsletters. By signing up for our newsletter you agree that the data sent will be processed by Flexmail.• Optimizing, improving and securing the functioning of the website
General visitor data is kept on the Hypsos website, including the IP address of your computer, the time of retrieval and data that your browser sends. This data is used for analyzes of visitor and click behaviour on the website, for securing our website and for the correct operation of our website and associated plugins or web applications. Hypsos uses this information to optimize, improve and secure the functioning of the website. Hypsos may share this data with third parties or third-party applications such as Google Analytics.• Functional cookies
We use functional cookies, which are necessary for the correct functioning of our site. Cookies are files stored on your computer, for example, to distinguish users or to store items in a shopping cart. These cookies can be removed from the computer at any time via the browser settings.• Use other plugin scripts and web fonts
Our website uses JavaScript code for the correct operation and display of our website. This can also come from an external party such as Google Webfonts.
If you activate JavaScript in your browser and do not have a JavaScript blocker installed, your browser may transmit personal data when a code is loaded by one of our suppliers. We do not know which data is linked to the data received and for what purposes this data is used. You can prevent JavaScript code from being executed by installing a JavaScript blocker (e.g. www.noscript.net).How long Hypsos stores data
Hypsos does not store your personal data longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected. Your data will not be kept longer than 26 months if no agreement is concluded with you, or after it is dissolved. Cookies can be deleted at any time by you in the browser settings.Sharing with third parties
Hypsos only provides your personal data to third parties if this is necessary for the execution of an agreement with you, to comply with a legal obligation, or to optimize, improve and secure the operation of our website. This also includes the sharing of information with web applications, suppliers and hosting providers that are necessary for the operation of our site and web functionalities, such as a chat function. We will handle this data with care by sending it as anonymous as possible and by concluding a processing agreement with third parties that offer this agreement.View, change or adjust data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. You can send a request for access, correction or deletion by post or by e-mail to us via the contact information at the bottom and top of this page. Hypsos will respond to your request as soon as possible but within four weeks.Security
Hypsos takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. The Hypsos website uses a reliable SSL Certificate to guarantee your personal data.
If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured, there are indications of misuse, or if you would like more information about the security of personal data collected by Hypsos, please contact Hypsos using the information below:Hypsos.com is a Hypsos website. Hypsos can be reached as follows:Hypsos
Centurionbaan 220
3769 AV SoesterbergT: +31 346 35 75 00
E: info@hypsos.com
Hypsos in SoesterbergCenturionbaan 220
3769 AV Soesterberg, The NetherlandsT: +31 346 35 75 00
E: info@hypsos.com
Hypsos in Hong Kong14/F Yau Lee Centre, 45 Hoi Yuen Road
Kwun Tong Kowloon, Hong KongE:info@hypsos.hk
Hypsos in MoscowUlitsa 1905 Goda 7 Bld 1 floor 6 office K,
123022 Moscow, Russian FederationE:info@hypsos.ru
Hypsos in São PauloRua Guaipa, 1000, Vila Leopoldina
São Paulo, BrazilE:r.picarelli@hypsos.com
Hypsos in LondonThe Old Casino 28 Fourth Avenue
Hove East Sussex BN3 2PJ, EnglandE:info@hypsos.co.uk
Our ServicesExhibition construction
Interior fit-out
Brand experience
Museum fit-out
World events
Scroll to top