https://www.burley.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
BURLEY PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 5/21/2020
This Privacy Policy explains how Burley Design LLC (“Burley”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses information about you when you use our website or other online services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Services”), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, connect with us at events, or otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a notification).  We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTENTS
Collection of Information
Use of Information
Sharing of Information
Social Sharing Features
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
Your Choices
Contact Us
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide to Us
We collect personal information you provide directly to us.  For example, you share information directly with us when you make a purchase, fill out a form (such as our warranty form), submit content through our Services (such as when you write a review or share your Burley story with us), communicate with us via third-party platforms, participate in a contest or promotion, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us.  The types of personal information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card and other payment information, and any other information you choose to provide. If your business partners with Burley to resell our products, we may collect certain business contact information from you, such as your name, title, phone number and email address, as well as other information about your business.
Other Information We Collect When You Interact with Us
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about your activities, including:
Transactional Information: When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, shipping preferences, and date and time of the transaction.
Device and Usage Information: We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as your hardware model, operating system version, IP address, unique device identifiers, and browser type. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, items added to shopping cart and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We and our service providers use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about you. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits.  Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that may be used in our Services or in our emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.  For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see the Your Choices section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information about you from other sources.  For example, we may collect information about you from our affiliate referral partners, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and other sources.
Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we or our partners collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or infer that you are looking to purchase certain products based on your browsing behavior and past purchases.
USE OF INFORMATION
We use the information we collect to process your orders and deliver our products to you. We also use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve our products and services;
Send you information related to your purchases, including confirmations, receipts, invoices, and recall notices;
Process returns and issue refunds;
Send you technical notices, security alerts, and support and administrative messages and to respond to your comments, questions, and to provide you customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by Burley and others, and provide news and information we think will interest you (see Your Choices below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time);
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our business;
Personalize your online experience and the advertisements you see when you use our Services or third-party platforms based on your preferences, interests, and browsing and purchasing behavior;
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes, promotions and sponsorships, and process and deliver entries and rewards;
Detect, investigate and prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and protect the rights and property of Burley and others;
Debug to identify and repair errors in our Services;
Comply with our legal and financial obligations; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy:
With vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to personal information in order to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, and marketing and advertising;
If you submit a product review, we may share this publicly on our Services and it may also be shared third-party sites offering Burley products;
If we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process, including with certain regulatory agencies in the event of a recall related to our products;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe you have violated the law, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of Burley or others;
With our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among Burley and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS
We allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and in mobile apps. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information.  This information may be used by Burley and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your online activity.  For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
We also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of customized campaigns on third-party platforms (such as Facebook and Instagram). As part of these ad campaigns, we or third-party platforms may convert information about you, such as your email address and phone number, into a unique value that can be matched with a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and serve you advertising that is customized to your interests. Note that the third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see these types of customized ads.
TRANSFER OF INFORMATION TO THE U.S. AND OTHER COUNTRIES
Burley is headquartered in the United States and we have operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
YOUR CHOICES
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default.  If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies.  Please note that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of some of our Services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Burley by following the instructions in those communications. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about our ongoing business relations.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: burley@burley.com.
Search for:
MENUMENUSHOP
FAMILY
SHOP ALLCHILD BIKE SEATSKID BIKE TRAILERSKID STROLLERSBALANCE BIKETRAILERCYCLESFAMILY ACCESSORIES
CARGO
SHOP ALLUTILITY TRAILERSTOURING TRAILERSCOMMUTING TRAILERSBIKEPACKING TRAILERSCARGO ACCESSORIES
PETS
SHOP ALLPET TRAILERPET ACCESSORIES
BEST SELLERSSWAGOUTLETGIFT GUIDESPRODUCT CAREREPLACEMENT PARTSACCESSORIES
SHOP ALLHITCH & ADDAPTERSCONVERSION KITSFAMILY ACCESSORIESCARGO ACCESSORIESPET ACCESSORIES
ACTIVITY
ALL ACTIVITIESBIKINGSTROLLINGMULTISPORTJOGGINGHIKINGSKIINGTOURING & CAMPINGCOMMUTING
DISCOVER
ABOUT BURLEY
ABOUT USTHE BURLEY STANDARDMISSION & VISIONCAREERS
OUR COMMUNITY
PHILANTHROPYAMBASSADORSPRESS
STORIES
BURLEY BLOGINSTAGRAM
CONNECT
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONTACT USWARRANTYKNOWLEDGE BASEPRODUCT REGISTRATIONKLARNA
RESOURCES
HITCH GUIDEPRODUCT MANUALSREPLACEMENT PARTSWHAT YEAR IS MY BURLEY?SAFETY RECALL INFORMATION
STAY CONNECTED
NEWSLETTER SIGNUPCOLLABORATE WITH USEVENT SPONSORSHIP APPLICATION
Login/Register
EnglishDeutschFrançaisEspañol