http://www.masterflo.com/en/privacy-policy
Master Flo
En
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
As
a manufacturer
of world-class equipment and solutions for the oil and gas industry
Master Flo Valve Inc. (“Master Flo”)
is an organization dealing with businesses rather than individuals.
In that context, it only collects the contact information and queries
that representatives of its business customers, worldwide, provide to
it. This means the personal data of all business representatives is
protected in compliance with the applicable local privacy laws
Specifically:
Collection
and use of personal information by Master Flo is limited to what is
necessary for the purpose of providing the services that its
customers have requested.
No
personal data is collected or used beyond what business
representatives of Master Flo customers have directly provided.
Data
collected is never rented or sold.
The
personal data is not retained for longer than necessary as dictated
by law.
Master
Flo may store personal information on servers managed by Ultimate
Software in the United States, in Microsoft Office 365 data centers
located in the United States, in Amazon Web Services data centers
located in the United States and/or on computers managed by the
Stream-Flo Group of Companies in Canada, the United States and/or in
the United Kingdom. Datacenters
managed by Ultimate Software, Microsoft and Amazon are certified
under ISO standards and the EU-US Privacy Shield privacy protection.
All
Master Flo data
centers suppliers,
including Ultimate Software, Microsoft and Amazon contribute to data
security and have been chosen by Master Flo after the exercise of
due diligence for reliability in data protection. Individuals
can access their personal data at Master Flo, or have it corrected
or deleted, by contacting privacy@masterflo.com.
Requests will be addressed within 30 days.
Individuals
may contact privacy@masterflo.com
should they have any concerns about protection of personal data at
Stream-Flo. In addition, remedies exist with the local data
protection authority.
Master
Flo applies necessary physical, technological and administrative
measures to protect Personal Data at the level appropriate to its
sensitivity.
For
privacy and personal information queries and concerns, please contact
us at privacy@masterflo.com.
Products
Solutions
Services
Home
Resources
Company
Careers
R & D
Events
News
Credit Application
Contractor Orientation
Contact Us