http://www.interiormatters.co.uk/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY OF Interior Matters UK Ltd
This website’s privacy policy describes how Interior Matters UK Ltd protects and makes use of the information you give the company when you use this website.
If you are asked to provide information when using this website, it will only be used in the ways described in this privacy policy.
This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
This website privacy policy was updated on: 16/05/2018
If you have any questions about this policy, please email office@interiormatters.co.uk or write to: Interior Matters, Wedgwood Cottage, Church Hill, Tarrant Hinton, Dorset DT11 8JB.
INTRODUCTION
This website gathers and uses Personal Data from its Users in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website.
We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them.
WHAT DATA WE GATHER
We may collect the following information:
Name, job title and company name
Contact information including email address and telephone number
Demographic information, such as postcode, preferences and interests
Website usage data
Other information relevant to client enquiries
Other information pertaining to special offers and surveys
HOW WE USE THIS DATA
Collecting this data helps us understand what you are looking from the company, enabling us to deliver improved products and services.
Specifically, we may use data:
For our own internal records.
To improve the products and services we provide.
To contact you in response to a specific enquiry.
To customise the website for you.
To send you promotional emails about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you.
To send you promotional mailings or to call you about products, services, offers and other things we think might be relevant to you.
To contact you via email, telephone or mail for market research reasons.
MORE DETAILED INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTIONS
OWNER AND DATA CONTROLLER
Interior Matters UK Ltd
Wedgwood Cottage, Church Hill, Tarrant Hinton, Dorset DT11 8JB.
Owner contact email: office@interiormatters.co.uk
TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED
Among the types of Personal Data that this website collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage Data, Name, Company Name and Email Address.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this website.
All Data requested by this website is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this website to provide its services. In cases where this website specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this website or by the owners of third-party services used by this website serves the purpose of providing the service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this website and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
MODE AND PLACE OF PROCESSING THE DATA
METHODS OF PROCESSING
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
PLACE
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
RETENTION TIME
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
THE USE OF THE COLLECTED DATA
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics, Contacting the User, Displaying content from external platforms, Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties, Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Managing contacts and sending messages, SPAM protection and Platform services and hosting.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
DETAILED INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
• ANALYTICS
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyse web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behaviour.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS (GOOGLE INC.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilises the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
• CONTACTING THE USER
CONTACT FORM (THIS WEBSITE)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorises this Website to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data which may be collected: Name, Company Name, Email Address.
MAILING LIST OR NEWSLETTER (THIS WEBSITE)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Website. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Website or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: Email Address.
• DISPLAYING CONTENT FROM EXTERNAL PLATFORMS
This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Website and interact with them.
This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
GOOGLE FONTS (GOOGLE INC.)
Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
GOOGLE MAPS WIDGET (GOOGLE INC.)
Google Maps is a maps visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Website to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
INSTAGRAM WIDGET (INSTAGRAM, INC.)
Instagram is an image visualization service provided by Instagram, Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
• INTERACTION WITH EXTERNAL SOCIAL NETWORKS AND PLATFORMS
This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Website.
The interaction and information obtained through this Website are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
FACEBOOK LIKE BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (FACEBOOK, INC.)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
TWITTER TWEET BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (TWITTER, INC.)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
LINKEDIN BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (LINKEDIN CORPORATION)
The LinkedIn button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the LinkedIn social network provided by LinkedIn Corporation.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
YOUTUBE BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (GOOGLE INC.)
The YouTube button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the YouTube social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
GOOGLE+ +1 BUTTON AND SOCIAL WIDGETS (GOOGLE INC.)
The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
• MANAGING CONTACTS AND SENDING MESSAGES
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
• SPAM PROTECTION
This type of service analyzes the traffic of this Application, potentially containing Users’ Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
GOOGLE RECAPTCHA (GOOGLE INC.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: US – Privacy Policy
• PLATFORM SERVICES AND HOSTING
These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of this Website, therefore allowing the provision of this Website from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
WORDPRESS.COM (AUTOMATTIC INC.)
WordPress.com is a platform provided by Automattic Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host this Website.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy
COOKIE POLICY
This Application uses Cookies. To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, you may consult our Cookie Policy.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. For more information on cookies, please visit (We are not responsible for information available on this link):
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
SECURITY
We will always hold your information securely.
To prevent unauthorised disclosure or access to your information, we have implemented strong physical and electronic security safeguards.
We also follow stringent procedures to ensure we work with all personal data in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.
LINKS FROM OUR SITE
Our website may contain links to other websites.
Please note that we have no control of websites outside the [domain name] domain. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.
Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT DATA COLLECTION AND PROCESSING
LEGAL ACTION
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this website or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT USER’S PERSONAL DATA
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this website may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
SYSTEM LOGS AND MAINTENANCE
For operation and maintenance purposes, this website and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this website (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
INFORMATION NOT CONTAINED IN THIS POLICY
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
THE RIGHTS OF USERS
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This website does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this website and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
INFORMATION ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy.
DEFINITIONS AND LEGAL REFERENCES
PERSONAL DATA (OR DATA)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
USAGE DATA
Information collected automatically from this website (or third-party services employed in this website), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilised by the Users who use this website, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilised to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilised by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the website) and the details about the path followed within the website with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
USER
The individual using this website, which must coincide with or be authorised by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
DATA SUBJECT
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
DATA PROCESSOR (OR DATA SUPERVISOR)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
DATA CONTROLLER (OR OWNER)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organisation with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this website. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this website.
THIS WEBSITE
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
COOKIES
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
LEGAL INFORMATION
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfilment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Website.