https://www.pra-world.com/privacy-statement/
01664 501212
01664 501212
Privacy statement
This privacy policy sets out how PRA World Ltd uses and protects any information that you give PRA World Ltd when you use this website. PRA is a trading name of PRA World Ltd. Company registered in England and Wales, No. 10393032. Registered address: Pera Business Park, Nottingham Road, Melton Mowbray, LE13 0PB.
PRA World Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
PRA World Ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from September 2014.
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
details of your visits to the Site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data and the resources that you access
Disclosure of your information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Site;
in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if PRA World Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers may be one of the transferred assets;
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of PRA World Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping;
to improve our products and services;
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided; and
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. PRA World Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. For more information, please see our Cookies Policy.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave the Site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes;
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at enquiries@peratechnology.com; and
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to PRA World Ltd, Pera Business Park, Nottingham Road, Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, LE13 0PB.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Contact us
Marketing Team
PRA World Ltd
Nottingham Road
Melton Mowbray
Leicestershire
LE13 0PB
Follow us on Social Media
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
mobile
Home
About PRA
Research & Development
Independent Testing
Viscosity Oils
Training
Market Intelligence
Membership
Schedule of Accreditation
© 2018 PRA World Ltd - Website built by Provident IT Solutions.
Copyright  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Statement  |  Cookie Information
01664 501212
Home
About PRA
About PRA
Meet the Team
PRA Advisory Board
Products & Services
Research & Development
Research & Development Overview
Formulating
Coating Evaluations
Bench Marking
Raw Material Evaluations
Coating Selections
New Product Development
Applications
Brand Specifications
Process Development
Scale up support
Technology Scouting
Market Diligence
Resin Synthesis
Consultancy
Consultants Required
–
Independent Testing
Independent Testing Overview
– Testing Paints Before Application
– Mechanical Properties
– Colour and Optical Properties
– Weathering & Durability
– Corrosion Resistance
Ecolabel Accreditation
Paint Analysis
– Substrates
– Raw Materials
– Fully Formulated Coatings
– Multi-layer Coating Systems
Viscosity Oils
–
Training
Training Courses
Distance Learning Courses
Customised Training
Market Intelligence
Industrial
Architectural
Bespoke / Single – Client
Irfab Market Reports Library
Events/News
News
Events
Membership
Membership Overview
Membership Structure
PRA Members List
Coatings Online Library
Contact PRA
PRA Store
PRA Store
Viscosity Oils
Market Reports
Quote Request List
PRA Careers
01664 501212
LinkedInFacebookTwitterCall us
X Close