https://www.adamequipment.com/aboutus/returns-policy
Jump To Main Menu
Jump To Search Box
Jump To Main Content
Visit Keyboard Shortcuts Page
Top
Call Us: +1 (203) 790 4774
Email Us
Language:
EnglishFrançaisEspañol Other - Google Translate
Home
| About Us
| Returns Policy
Returns Policy
Adam Equipment Returns Policy – March 2019
The customer has the right to return a product for credit / replacement within 5 days of receipt of the product provided the product is not opened or damaged in any way.
The product will be inspected and checked for damage, any damage to the product, its packaging and accessories will be deducted from the credit given. There will be no refund for delivery costs unless the product arrived faulty.
If a customer changes their mind or has ordered the wrong item, the company will charge a restocking fee of 20% to cover administration involved in the customer returns. If a customer subsequently orders another scale of a same or higher value then the restocking fee may be waived, however, any damage charges would still be applicable.
A customer can in extreme circumstances return a product up to 30 days from date of purchase, provided it is not used and only be subject to the 20% restocking fee and any damages costs etc. returns after 30 days are not possible. Calibration weights can not be returned under any circumstances.
Model Search
Search our product range options by readability, capacity, or simply by name.
CapacityThe maximum weight that can be placed on the scale or balance.ReadabilityHow well a scale displays the correct results. Readability is the value of the finest division of the scale.
See our glossary page for more helpful definitions.
Product Name
Capacity
mg
g
kg
lb
oz
Readability
mg
g
kg
lb
oz
Latest Blog Posts
How to Get More Value from Bench and Floor Scales November 30, 2020Weighing devices can be a costly investment, so getting the most out of your scales can be critica ...Weighing Ink for Screen Printing November 15, 2020Screen printers need to carefully measure ink to get the right colors.
Latest Press Releases
New Aqua Washdown Scale Offers Effortless & Accurate Weighing for Rigorous Applications Adam Equipment Debuts New Luna Analytical and Precision Balances Adam Equipment Statement on COVID-19