http://www.opto22.com/special-pages/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Copyright
The copyright in all material provided on this site ("Site") is held by Opto 22 or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the material may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of Opto 22 or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download the materials on this Site for personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. You also may not, without Opto 22's permission, "mirror" any material contained on this Site on any other server. This permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these terms or conditions. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Trademarks
All trademarks, trade names, logos, and service marks referenced herein belong to their respective companies.
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Contract Terms
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Opto 22. By accessing, browsing and/or using this site ("Site"), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this Site.
The material provided on this Site is protected by law, including, but not limited to, United States Copyright Law and international treaties. This Site is controlled and operated by Opto 22 from its offices within the United States. Opto 22 makes no representation that materials in the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
General Disclaimer
Although Opto 22 has attempted to provide accurate information on the Site, Opto 22 assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. Opto 22 may change the programs or products mentioned at any time without notice. Mention of non-Opto 22 products or services is for information purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation.
OPTO 22 AND ITS SUPPLIERS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR ANY OPTO 22 PRODUCT, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF OPTO 22 OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Products and Services Availability
Because international information is provided at this Site, not all products or programs mentioned will be available in your country. Please contact your local sales representative for information as to products and services available in your country.
Links to Third-Party Sites
This Site may contain links to third-party sites. Access to any other Internet site linked to this Site is at the user's own risk, and Opto 22 is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice or statements made on these sites. Opto 22 provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply an endorsement.
Terms of Use Revisions
Opto 22 may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then-current Terms of Use to which you are bound.