http://www.earlybird.com/imprint/#terms
We use cookies and Google Analytics to improve your browsing experience on our site and to understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our Privacy Policy. By choosing I Accept, you consent to our use of cookies and Google Analytics.I acceptImprintEarlybird VC Management GmbH & Co. KGAddressMaximilianstr. 14, c/o Earlybird Venture Capital, 80539 MünchenTrade RegisterHandelsregister A des Amtsgerichts München, HRA 99756Tax IDDE Tax ID: DE 283 00 20 68RepresentativesEarlybird Venture GmbH, in turn represented by its Managing Directors Dr. Hendrik Brandis and Dr. Christian Nagel, both holding the sole power of representation, including the power to conclude transactions with themselves on their own behalf or as the authorised representative of a third party.The responsible regulatory agency for Earlybird VC Management GmbH & Co KG is the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht – BaFin).Contact: info@earlybird.com Earlybird Privacy PolicyEarlybird VC Management GmbH & Co. KG (hereinafter “Earlybird”, “we” or “us”), represented by Earlybird Venture GmbH, in turn represented by its Managing Directors Dr. Hendrik Brandis and Dr. Christian Nagel, operates the domain www.earlybird.com (the “Website”).Earlybird protects the privacy of all Website users and strictly complies with all applicable data protection provisions, including the European General Data Protection Regulation (Datenschutzgrundverordnung) (“GDPR“) and the German Telemedia Act (Telemediengesetz).For any questions or requests regarding data protection, please contact us under info@earlybird.com.Processing of dataDue to our statutory obligation under § 5 para. 3 of the German Telemedia Act (Telemediengesetz), our Website contains information which makes it possible to contact our company quickly in electronic form and to directly communicate with us. If you decide to contact us, for example via e-mail or via the contact form, the personal data you transmitted is automatically stored in order to process your request. The legal basis for such processing and storage is Art. 6 para. 1, lit. c) GDPR. Such personal data will not be transferred to third parties. It will only be stored as long as we need to deal with your request.Use of Google AnalyticsOur website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google“).Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use our Website. The information generated by your use of the Website is stored in the cookie. Such information includes, for example, the number of times you have used certain subpages of our Website, the time spent by you on single pages, the pages on which you left our Website, data concerning the location of your access (e.g. city or country) or details on the conversion rate of subpages. We have activated anonymizeIP () and can therefore not see your device’s IP address and connect it with the abovementioned date.Google acts as a data processor for Earlybird by providing in providing the Google Analytics services. The data stored in the cookie will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google is certified under the so-called “EU-US Privacy Shield” of the EU-Commission. The EU-US Privacy-Shield is an agreement between the European Union and the USA that guarantees the compliance with European data protection standards in the USA.Google will use the information collected by the cookie for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for us. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.Our legal basis for processing the data collected by the Google Analytics cookie is your consent according to Art. 6 para. 1, lit. a) GDPR. The tracking with Google Analytics only starts after you consented via clicking on “I accept” on the cookie banner, which appears on our Website when you first visit it. You may at any time withdraw your consent for the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or to install a deactivation-add-on (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de) to your browser.Your Rights under GDPRIn case of complaints, you may contact the competent data protection authority, the Bavarian Commissioner for data protectionYou are not obliged to share any data with us. Under the GDPR, you are entitled torequest which communication we process and have stored;withdraw your consent granted to us to use cookies (please see above for instructions);request which personal data of you Earlybird processes and stores;request us to correct the data we process about you, or – under the statutory requirements, complete your data;under the statutory requirements, request that we delete your data;under the statutory requirements, request that we restrict the processing of your data;receive – under the statutorily required preconditions – the data stored in a structured, common and machine-readable format.Right to ComplaintAdditionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority if you think that the processing of your data violates data protection law. You may approach the authority competent for us (the Bavarian Commissioner for data protection, (https://www.datenschutz-bayern.de/) or any other authority which will forward the request.Terms of UsePlease read the following terms and conditions carefully. They govern your use of this website. By using this web site, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, as they may be modified by Earlybird from time-to-time and posted on this web site.1. Copyrights and Other Intellectual PropertyExcept as otherwise noted in this website, all information, documentation and other content posted on this website is the property of Earlybird. Without limiting the foregoing, the graphics, icons and overall appearance of this website are the property of Earlybird.2. Links to Other websitesPeriodically, links may be established between this website and one or more websites operated or content provided by third parties. For purposes of these terms of use, the term “link” includes both outlinks (hypertext links to external websites or content) and inlinks (hypertext links which draw material from other sources into this website).Earlybird has no control over any such other websites or their contents and will have no liability arising out of or related to such websites or their contents. The existence of any such links does not constitute an endorsement of such websites, the contents of the websites or the operators of the websites. Earlybird is providing these links to you only as a convenience.
Keep up with us: