http://www.kwreedassociates.com/privacy-policy/
Kenneth W Reed & Associates Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Kenneth W Reed & Associates Privacy PolicyIntroduction
This policy sets out how Kenneth W Reed + Associates comply with the new GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation).
It explains how we may process, collect, manage and store personal information and how your rights under the GDPR are adhered to.
Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties (if any) use your information. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
The General Data Protection Regulation
Kenneth W Reed + Associates and this website comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.  We will regularly update this policy in line with any changes in data protection legislation.
Personal Information Collection
Kenneth W Reed + Associates may collect and use the following types of personal information:
information about your use of this website
information that you provide us with for the purpose of registering with the website
information about transactions carried out over this website
the information you provide when completing our Enquiry Form on this website
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services
personal information you provide to us when applying for an employment vacancy
any other information that you send to Kenneth W Reed + Associates
Using Personal Information
Kenneth W Reed + Associates may use your personal information to:
administer this website
personalise the website for you
enable your access to and use of the website services
respond to your enquiry
send to you products that you purchase
supply to you services that you purchase
send to you statements and invoices
collect payments from you
assessing your suitability to an employment vacancy
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Kenneth W Reed + Associates may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Storing Your Information
Personal information that we gather from opted-in contacts will be kept either until they revoke that opt-in or for a period of six months (whichever occurs first), unless they enter into a business contract with us.
Securing Your Data
Kenneth W Reed + Associates will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Kenneth W Reed & Associates will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers/     E-mail systems.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Your Right To Be Forgotten
Under current data protection legislation, you have the right to see what data we have collected about you and have the right for it to be removed.  Please E-mail info@kwreedassociates.com with your request.
Consent & Updating This Statement
By using this website you consent to our website’s Privacy Policy.
Kenneth W Reed + Associates may update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on this website.  This page was last updated during May 2018.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Contact Kenneth W Reed + Associates
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Kenneth W Reed & Associates’ treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to info@kwreedassociates.com; or
by post to Kenneth W Reed + Associates, 369 Station Road, Harrow, Middlesex, HA1 2AW
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanksScroll to top