http://www.electricmotorsvc.com/privacy/index.html
Thompson Electric Service, Inc. Privacy Policy
We want you to get the most out of our Electric Motor Service site. We recognize that privacy is an important issue, so we design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of personal information we gather when you use our web services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it.
Data collection
Electric Motor Service collects limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a website. Examples of this type of data are: the name of your Internet service provider, the site that referred you to us, any pages you request, and the time and date of those requests, etc.
There are instances where Electric Motor Service requests personally identifiable information to provide site visitors with a service. This information, such as name, mailing address, email address, and type of request, is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the request, as determined by Thompson Electric Service, Inc. to fulfill your needs.
Cookies
Electric Motor Service may send your browser a “cookie” that uniquely identifies your browser. Your browser will store the cookie as a string of characters that will be sent back to our website to improve the user experience of our website. Many websites will not work without the use of cookies. It is possible to set your browser to reject cookies, but be aware that some web services or features of our site may not function properly.
Information sharing
Personally identifiable Information collected on our website is never provided or sold to any other company for that company's independent use without your consent.
However, we may share such information in any of the following circumstances:
We have your consent.
We conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Thompson Electric Service, Inc., its users or the public.
Electric Motor Service may choose to process and store personal information at any of our facilities in the United States or any other country in which Electric Motor Service or its agents have facilities. By providing your information, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities.
We may share aggregated information without personally identifying information, such as the number of hits on a page, with other entities.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data.
We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services.
Links
Our site may link to other company sites. When you follow a link for our site, we advise you to check the privacy statements of any site before providing any personally identifiable information.
Changes to this Policy
Privacy Policy will change from time to time. We do not intend to make any major revisions, but the new policy will be available on the website 7 days before it takes effect.
If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact us any time at cthompson@electricmotorsvc.com.
Copyrights and Trademarks
This site and all associated materials are protected by worldwide copyright laws and international treaty provisions. This applies whether or not a copyright notice is present on the materials. You agree to comply with all copyright laws in your use of this site and to prevent unauthorized copying of the materials. Thompson Electric Service, Inc. does not grant any expressed or implied rights to you under any copyrights, trademarks or patents.
Return to Top of Page
EMS Online Ordering Signup
Advanced search
• EMS Purchases Assets Of Stockers Starters
• Bosch Hi Amp Alternators
• Iskra Starters & Alternators
• Nikko Starters & Alternators
• Delco Remy 24SI Units
• China Made ATV Starters
• Prelub Starters
• Valeo Starters & Alternators
• Penntex
• Prestolite
Terms of Service  •  Privacy Policy  •  Shipping  •  Contact us
All information Copyright © 2007 Thompson Electric Service, Inc.All rights reserved.No photos, news stories, graphics, or logos may be used or reproduced without written permission.All logos are trademarks of their respective manufacturers.