http://www.geminisignletters.com/global/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
Home
About
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
FAQ
Sitemap
(800) 270-3343
sales@geminisignletters.com
Injection
Molded
Letters
Formed
Plastic
Letters
Cut
Plastic
Letters
Changeable
Letters
& Copy
Channel
Letters
Cast
Metal
Letters
Cut
Metal
Letters
Laminated
Letters
Fabricated
Metal
Letters
Cast Metal
& Etched
Plaques
Installation
Guides &
Videos
Supplies &
Mounting
Hardware
Sign
Letters
Changeable
Letters &
Copy
Cast Metal
& Etched
Plaques
Hardware,
Supplies &
Guides
Privacy Policy
Gemini Sign Letters is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement describes how Gemini Sign Letters collects and uses your information on the website: www.geminisignletters.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding Gemini Sign Letters use of your information and the steps you can take to access this information and to request that we correct or update it.
Collection and Use of Personal Information:
Contact Information such as name, email address, shipping address, phone number
Billing Information such as credit card number, expiration date, billing address
Unique Identifiers such as user name, ID number, account number, password
Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences
We collect this information when:
Purchase products
Request a catalog
Contact us with questions or concerns
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation
Administer your account
Send you a catalog
Send you a newsletter
Information Obtained from Third Parties: We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law (e.g., to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or legal process served on our web site) and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, and/or respond to a government request.
In the event Gemini Sign Letters goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
If you choose to use PayPal to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your billing information, such as a credit card number, directly to PayPal. We will not have access to this information. PayPal's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on the PayPal website.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Cookies are very small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. You must enable cookies to shop at www.geminisignletters.com/. We use cookies on our site to
Keep track of what you have in your shopping cart
Analyze which pages our site visitors visit
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of www.geminisignletters.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information: To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at sales@geminisignletters.com.
Security: The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our web site, you can contact us at sales@geminisignletters.com.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes: We may update this policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed. If we make any material changes to this policy that affect your personal information, we will notify you here, by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us by sales@geminisignletters.com.
Contact Information: You can contact us by writing or email us at the address below:
Gemini Sign Letters™
128 South Bolton Street
Marlborough, MA 01752
1-800-270-3343
Toll Free
508-485-3343
Phone
508-485-9972
Fax
Email: sales@geminisignletters.com
Injection Molded Sign Letters || Formed Plastic Sign Letters || Cast Metal Sign Letters || Cut Metal Sign Letters
Cut Plastic Sign Letters || Channel Sign Letters || Bronze & Aluminum Plaques || Changeable Copy
Minnesota Sign Letters || Gas Station Sign Letters || Installation Guides || Gemini TV || Mounting Hardware
Home || Contact Gemini || Site Map || Shipping & Return Policy || Privacy Policy || Frequently Asked Questions
©Gemini Sign Letters .com; All rights reserved.
Gemini Sign Letters is an authorized reseller of Gemini Incorporated.