http://www.master-thatchers.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Menu
Home
Types of Thatch
Something Different
Winning Roofs
Fire Protection
Gallery
Contact
Privacy Policy
What is This Privacy Policy For?
This privacy policy is for master-thatchers.co.uk and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It explains how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act) [pre GDPR enforcement] and the PECR (Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations). The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. It also outlines how the website processes, stores and protects user data and information.
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensures the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.
Use of Cookies
This website may use cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website.
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website to provide the users with a more tailored experience within this website.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website may use tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers’ hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information https://www.google.com/privacy.html.
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts (for example, by clicking on social media buttons or viewing videos housed on other sites). Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer.
Adverts And Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve. Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers’ website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Cookie Consent
When you first visit our website, browsing and remaining on our website will imply that you agree to our use of cookies as explained in this policy. You can decide to withdraw your consent at any time by deleting the cookies on your computer (or mobile device). You can block or disable cookies by configuring your browser to block the installation of some or all cookies. If you block cookies, you can continue to use our website, although some services may be limited and you may not experience the full functionality of our website. For more information on deleting, disabling or blocking cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
Contact & Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
This website may operate an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user.
Subscriptions are taken in compliance with UK Spam Laws detailed in the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003. All personal details relating to subscriptions are held securely. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website.
Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list]. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
In compliance with UK Spam Laws and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003 subscribers are given the opportunity to un-subscribe at any time through an automated system. This process is detailed at the footer of each email campaign. If an automated un-subscription system is unavailable clear instructions on how to un-subscribe will be detailed instead.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Access to Your Personal Information
In accordance with GDPR, you may request details of personal information which we hold about you. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to us. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to add to or change the terms of this privacy policy, without prior notice to you. If we change this privacy policy, we will post the new Privacy Policy on the Web Site, and it will become effective from the time of posting to the web site. Please visit this privacy policy on a regular basis to make sure you have read the latest version. Last updated 25th May 2018.
Resources & Further Information
Overview of the GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation
Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003
The Guide to the PECR 2003
Twitter Privacy Policy
Facebook Privacy Policy
Google Privacy Policy
Linkedin Privacy Policy
Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Aboutcookies.org
© 2020 Jason Morley | Privacy Policy | Website designed, developed and hosted by Web Directions