http://www.wellsfargo.com/privacy-security/fraud/?linkLoc=fn
Skip to content
Banking and Credit Cards
Loans and Credit
Investing and Retirement
Wealth Management
Rewards and Benefits
Banking
Accounts and Services
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services
Online Banking
Transfer and Pay
Mobile Features
Control Tower®
ATM Banking
Your Financial Goals
Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Planning for Retirement
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service
Loans and Credit
Accounts and Services
Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards
Your Financial Goals
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts
Investing and Retirement
Our Investing Services
Overview
Self-Directed Investing
Automated Investing
Dedicated Financial Advisor
Compare Ways to Invest
Investing Solutions
IRAs
Invest in Mutual Funds
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education
Your Financial Goals
Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics
Popular Links
Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Open an Intuitive Investor® Account
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On
Wealth Management
Wealth Services
The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services
Wealth Solutions
Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment and Asset Management
Fiduciary and Trust Services
Wealth Advice & Guidance
Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations
Magazine
Next Step
Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing
Rewards and Benefits
Go Far® Rewards
Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards
Relationship Program
Customer Relationship Overview
Your Financial Goals
Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards
Navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. Seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español. Página principal
Comienzo de ventana emergente
Esta página solo está disponible en inglés Selecione Cancele para permanecer en esta página o Continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español. Cancele Continúe Fin de ventana emergente
Personal
Privacy, Cookies, Security, and Legal
Security Center
Security Center
Print
Can you spot a scam when you see one?
Recognize suspicious texts and email Learn how
You are leaving the Wells Fargo website
You are leaving wellsfargo.com and entering a website that Wells Fargo does not control. Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.
Cancel
Continue
Scam Alert
Be wary of unexpected requests to unblock an account or fix your computer for a fee paid with mobile payment apps or gift cards.
Explore Security Options
Spot Common Scams
Report Fraud
Alerts can help you detect fraud Use alerts via text, email, or push notification for online purchases, ATM withdrawals, and more. Set up alerts
Beware of coronavirus phishing scams Protect your personal and account information from cybercriminals. Know what to look for
Monitor your accounts Review your account activity regularly and report unauthorized or suspicious transactions immediately.
More fraud safety tips
Test your cybersecurity smarts
You may have heard about cyber threats, but are you doing all you can to help protect yourself online? Take our short quiz to see how much you know about creating strong passwords, avoiding common scams, and spotting fraud.
Start the quiz
Test your cybersecurity smarts
1. Which of these passwords is the strongest?
Elvis#1
Iliketogive99!Presents
fluffydog
yourname@gmail.com
Try again. Avoid creating a password someone could easily guess, like the name of your favorite musician, even if it includes special characters and numbers. A stronger option is to create a password using an uncommon phrase with a mix of letters and numbers. Update your password now.
Correct! This password example is the strongest because it’s a long, uncommon phrase with a mix of letters and numbers. The longer your password, the harder it is to crack. Be sure to create a unique password for your bank account, and don’t use any part of your email address. Update your password now.
Try again. Love your pet, but don’t use your pet’s name or anything else someone could easily guess as your password. A stronger option is to create a password using an uncommon phrase with a mix of letters and numbers. Update your password now.
Try again. Don’t use any part of your email address or information shared on social media for your password or your username. A stronger option is to create a password using an uncommon phrase with a mix of letters and numbers. Update your password now.
Check your answer
Go to question 2
Question 1
of 5
Test your cybersecurity smarts
2. Which of the following are good social media security habits?
Set your profile to public, and accept all new friend requests to increase your network.
Respond to posts for lucrative work-at-home opportunities, such as stuffing envelopes, assembling products, or completing online surveys.
Send money to help a new love interest who is in dire need of financial assistance.
Be wary of friend requests from people you don’t know, offers to make “easy money,” and requests for financial support from people you recently met on social media.
Try again. It’s more secure to set your profile to private and limit your contacts to people you know. See more ways to help stay safe on social media.
Try again. Envelope stuffing and “home assembly” of products are known scams; and online survey schemes tend to require payment upfront. If an offer seems too good to be true, it probably is. See more ways to help stay safe on social media.
Try again. Scammers may pose as a love interest to gain your trust, and then ask you to send money due to a hardship. See more ways to help stay safe on social media.
Correct! Social media can be a hotbed for scams. Keep your information and profile private, don’t respond to requests for money, and avoid offers that seem too good to be true. See more ways to help stay safe on social media.
Check your answer
Go to question 3
Question 2
of 5
Test your cybersecurity smarts
3. You receive a call from your bank regarding suspicious activity on your account. The caller says, “Hi, this the Wells Fargo Fraud Department. Did you just try to make a purchase for $1,000? If not, I can stop the transaction, but I need you to read me the code I sent to your phone.” What should you do?
Yell at the caller.
Give the caller your access code to stop someone from stealing your money.
Hang up, and call your bank directly to confirm the attempted fraud.
Ask the caller for more information to verify that they are a bank representative.
Try again. This might provide some stress relief, but won’t help the situation. Wells Fargo will not call or text you requesting your access code. Instead, hang up and call your bank directly to confirm the attempted fraud. Learn more about this scam.
Try again. Never share your access code with anyone. Wells Fargo will not call or text you requesting your access code. Instead, hang up and call your bank directly to confirm the attempted fraud. Learn more about this scam.
Correct! Wells Fargo will send you a code only when prompted by an action that you’ve initiated, such as sending money online. Learn more about this scam.
Try again. Scammers can falsify info, spoof numbers, and create fake websites to appear legitimate. Wells Fargo will not call or text you requesting your access code. Instead, hang up and call your bank directly to confirm the attempted fraud. Learn more about this scam.
Check your answer
Go to question 4
Question 3
of 5
Test your cybersecurity smarts
4. You receive a phone call about a problem with your computer or a software program, and the company technician requests remote access to your computer to fix the issue. What should you do?
Hang up, and call the customer service number listed on the company’s official website.
Ask the technician for more information and how they are going to fix it.
Allow the technician access to your computer, so the problem can be quickly fixed.
Allow the technician access to your computer, but request an email confirmation of the work completed.
Correct! The safest response is to hang up and call the customer service number to confirm the legitimacy of the request and recommended fix. See how to help avoid this scam.
Try again. Never give control of your computer to anyone who contacts you. See how to help avoid this scam.
Try again. Never give control of your computer to anyone who contacts you. See how to help avoid this scam.
Try again. Email confirmations can be faked. Never give control of your computer to anyone who contacts you. See how to help avoid this scam.
Check your answer
Go to question 5
Question 4
of 5
Test your cybersecurity smarts
5. Which of the following options is the easiest way to help you detect fraud quickly?
Review your account statement.
Set up account alerts.
Check your account activity monthly.
Use financial planning software to track your expenses.
Try again. Although you can notice a suspicious charge on your monthly statement, setting up account alerts1 can help you spot fraud more quickly and report it. Set up account alerts.
Correct! You can set up alerts1 by text, email, or push notification from the mobile app to notify you of online purchases, ATM withdrawals, and more, so you can spot fraud quickly and report it. Set up account alerts.
Try again. Although it’s good to check your account activity online or by phone, you could miss a suspicious transaction if you don’t do it frequently. Setting up account alerts1 can help you spot fraud more quickly and report it. Set up account alerts.
Try again. Reviewing and categorizing expenses can help balance your budget, but unless you track expenses often, you may not notice if something is amiss. Setting up account alerts1 can help you spot fraud more quickly and report it. Set up account alerts.
Check your answer
Finish the quiz
Question 5
of 5
Test your cybersecurity smarts
Thank you for taking the time to increase your cybersecurity awareness, but don’t stop now! You can review the security tools and options available for Wells Fargo customers and sign on to online banking to set up account alerts1 and more.
Sign on now
Sign up may be required. Availability may be affected by your mobile carrier's coverage area. Your mobile carrier's message and data rates may apply.
LRC-0520
Resources
Update your password
Help protect your accounts
View COVID-19 resources
Report a vulnerability
Keeping your money safe starts here
We're enhancing our security with you in mind. See how we protect you
Was this content helpful?
How was your experience with this page?
Select one
It answered all of my questions.
It answered some of my questions.
It didn't answer any of my questions.
I experienced technical issues.
Share your comments about this page:
Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here.
Please do not enter any personal or account information in this box. We cannot address customer service questions here.
Submit
Close
Thank You
We appreciate your feedback.
We are unable to contact you about your comments. For specific account-related questions or comments, please visit Customer Service.
Close