http://www.annuitytransfers.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Annuity Transfers, Ltd. respects the privacy of its customers, and other individuals and businesses using any website owned and operated by Annuity Transfers, Ltd.
Information We Collect
Any user of this website may provide to Annuity Transfers, Ltd. one or more of certain types of information, including:
General technical data transmitted by your computer that does not identify you personally. This information would typically consist of your ISP’s domain, the search engine you may have used to locate our website, a log of the time during which you accessed our website, and a log of the specific pages you accessed within our website.
Personally identifiable information that you voluntarily share.
Electronic mail and other communications as necessarily incident to the transmission and delivery of communications.
Anonymous Information
Anonymous information we collect is not associated with you personally or with your business. Annuity Transfers, Ltd. uses this anonymous information in the aggregate to improve our website and the services we provide as a company.
Use of Cookies
We do not, at this time, use cookies on this site. Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes, and dislikes. Most users have the ability to disable cookies from their internet browsers, or to receive notification that a cookie is being placed within their computer. We may use cookies in the future to tailor a Client-Only Access Center, but only as an added benefit to enhance the user experience.
Disclosure to Third Parties
Annuity Transfers, Ltd. will not disclose to outside parties any personally identifiable information without your consent, except under the following circumstances:
When required by law.
When, in Annuity Transfers, Ltd.’s sole discretion, disclosure is necessary to protect the interests or safety of a customer, Annuity Transfers, Ltd. or third parties; provided, however, that this should not be construed as creating a duty of disclosure under any such circumstances.
Annuity Transfers, Ltd. may use customer information to periodically provide customers with system information or information about new opportunities or events sponsored by our company.
Annuity Transfers, Ltd. also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic communications that Annuity Transfers, Ltd. stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which Annuity Transfers, Ltd. may disclose such electronic communications are when:
It is necessary to protect the interests of Annuity Transfers, Ltd. and/or its customers, in Annuity Transfers, Ltd.’s sole discretion;
It is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that Annuity Transfers, Ltd. in its sole discretion determines to be valid and enforceable; or
It is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Annuity Transfers, Ltd. and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime or other matter involving public or private safety; provided, however, that this should not be construed as creating a duty of disclosure under any such circumstances.
Annuity Transfers, Ltd. disclaims any intention to censor, edit, or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Annuity Transfers, Ltd. will, however, review, delete, or block access to communications that may harm or offend Annuity Transfers, Ltd., its customers or third parties.
Email Communications
Annuity Transfers, Ltd. may use email to communicate with you, respond to your email, and to tell you about new services or events. If you do not wish to receive email promotion announcements, please follow the instructions that appear at the end of the email communication that you received to have your name removed from the email list.
Links
The Annuity Transfers, Ltd. website may contain links to other websites that are owned and operated by parties other than Annuity Transfers, Ltd. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not extend to any websites other than those owned and controlled by Annuity Transfers, Ltd.
Questions
If you have questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at info@annuitytransfers.com.
Updates
Annuity Transfers, Ltd. may periodically amend this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be posted within this section of this website.
Acceptance of Terms
Your use of this website constitutes your agreement to the following terms herein. Annuity Transfers, Ltd. reserves the right to update the Terms without notice to you.
No Unlawful or Prohibited Uses
As a condition of your use of the website, you will not use the website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the website in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair any Annuity Transfers, Ltd. server, or the network(s) connected to any Annuity Transfers, Ltd. server, or interfere with any other party’s use of the website. You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to computer systems or networks connected to any Annuity Transfers, Ltd. server through hacking, password mining or any other means. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available through the website.