http://www.lexproducts.com/general/ca-privacy-policy
Request Quote
Subscribe
Login
Lex Connector Solutions (LCS) |
LexTM3 |
LexUK
Products
Cable Assemblies
Cable RAMPs
Portable Distro Units
Permanent Install Panels
Relays/Dimmers
Work Lights
Accessories
Components & Wiring Devices
Repair & Retrofit
Custom Engineered Solutions
Resources
FILM/STUDIO Quick Reference Sheet
Generator KVA Rating to Amperage Conversion Chart
Glossary of Portable Cord Types
Instructional Videos
Selection of Feeder Cable
Selection of Portable Cord
Specs for Portable Cord
Specification of Feeder Cables
Use of Jr. Hard Service Cord
Voltage Drop Calculator
Wire Conversion-American Wire Gauge to Square Milimeters
About
News
Tradeshows
Lex Story
Case Studies, White Papers & Tech Tips
Industry Affiliations
Awards & Certifications
Customer Testimonials
Sales Policies & Complete Terms & Conditions
Careers
Contact
Lex Products Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: April 2020
Last Reviewed on: April 2020
This Privacy Notice is issued by Lex Products, LLC, LexTM3 Systems, LLC, LexTM3, LLC and their affiliates, subsidiaries and related entities (collectively referred to as "Lex Products", "we", "us" and "our" in this Privacy Notice).
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in our general privacy and applies only to personal information (defined below) concerning our visitors to our websites, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you") in connection with their visit to our websites or their business or commercial interactions with us. We provide this notice in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, or household ("personal information"). Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
No
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
No
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
No
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Yes
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Yes
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
No
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete, services you utilize, or products you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our websites or other websites that deploy our cookies.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our websites, products, and services;
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to ask a question about our products, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate the transaction. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders;
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us;
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud;
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses;
To personalize your experience on our websites and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our websites, third-party sites or services, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law);
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products, databases and other technology assets, and business;
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our websites, products, and services;
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations;
As described to you when collecting your personal information;
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our consumers is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
with our affiliates or subsidiaries, contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business including those who assist us with marketing, advertising, or market research;
with Software/IT service providers we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
with banks and credit card processors to the extent necessary for the Company to deliver our products.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has not sold personal information nor has it sold personal information of minors under the age of 16.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Lex Products has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
[Category D: Commercial information.]
[Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.]
[Category I: Professional or employment-related information.]
We disclose your personal information identified above for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
with service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business as needed for them to provide us with services that help us with our business activities and promote or advertise our products to you; and
with Software/IT service providers we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we have collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546
seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 800-643-4460
Emailing us at marketing@lexproducts.com
Visiting www.lexproducts.com
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact us through the methods noted above. Only the consumer or authorized agent may make a verifiable consumer request related to their personal information.  An “authorized agent” is a person (or a business entity registered with the California Secretary of State) that consumers have authorized to act on their behalf or an individual granted authority under a written power of attorney issued pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
If you are an authorized agent who wishes to submit a request to know, a request to delete, or a request to opt-out on behalf of another consumer, please submit to us sufficient information to allow us to verify your identity to a reasonably high degree of certainty and either: proof of authorization to submit the request, written and signed by the consumer; or a power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465.
We may deny a request from an authorized agent who does not submit adequate proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on the consumer's behalf. We may also contact the consumer directly to confirm their identity and that they provided you permission to submit the request on the consumer's behalf.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on our websites and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of any of our websites or services following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which Lex Products collects and uses your information described here and in the General Privacy Notice your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 800-643-4460
Website: www.lexproducts.com
Email: marketing@lexproducts.com
Postal Address:
Lex Products
Attn: Marketing Department
15 Progress Drive
Shelton, CT 06484
Request A Quote
×
Please complete the form below, or call us at 800-643-4460
Name
Email
Phone Number
Street Address
City
State / Province
Zip / Postal Code
Company Name
How Did You Hear About Us?
Project Due Date
Project Requirements
To begin a list of products to include in your quote, click the Add to Quote button from any product page.
Comments
Label
Continue Shopping
Submit Quote