http://www.psychbiller.com/privacy/index.php
PsychBiller®
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for http://www.psychbiller.com, and applies solely to information collected by this Web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via e-mail or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via e-mail in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the e-mail address or phone number given on our Web site:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your Web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Who to Contact
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (703) 266-8612 or e-mail.
Effective as of July 6, 2013.
HomeServicesTreatmentPlans & FormsResourcesUpdatedWhy Us?F.A.Q.FeesTestimonialsOnboardingArticlesContact Us
PsychBiller, LLC
P.O. Box 2029
Centreville, VA
20122-2029
Phone: (703) 266-8612
Fax: (571) 250-8547
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 PsychBiller, LLC   All Rights Reserved.
PsychBiller® is a registered trademark of PsychBiller, LLC.
Last Updated: June 18, 2020
Fairfax,Virginia Beach,Prince William,Loudoun,Chesterfield,Henrico,Chesapeake,Arlington,Richmond,Newport News,Alexandria,Hampton,Stafford,Spotsylvania,Albemarle,Hanover,Roanoke,Portsmouth,Montgomery,Suffolk,Frederick,Rockingham,Lynchburg,Augusta,Bedford,James City,Fauquier,York,Pittsylvania,Franklin,Washington,Campbell,Henry,Harrisonburg,Culpeper,Leesburg,Tazewell,Charlottesville,Danville,Blacksburg,Shenandoah,Wise,Manassas,Warren,Prince George,Gloucester,Halifax,Isle of Wight,Pulaski,Orange,Louisa,Accomack,Botetourt,Amherst,Petersburg,Mecklenburg,Smyth,Carroll,Wythe,Caroline,Russell,Powhatan,Dinwiddie,Fredericksburg,Winchester,Fluvanna,Lee,Salem,King George,Herndon,Staunton,Page,Buchanan,Prince Edward,Scott,Rockbridge,Hopewell,Christiansburg,Goochland,Waynesboro,New Kent,Greene,Patrick,Southampton,Bristol,Westmoreland,Colonial Heights,Buckingham,Brunswick,Giles,Radford,Alleghany,Vienna,King William,Nottoway,Manassas Park,Dickenson,Floyd,Grayson,Williamsburg,Appomattox,Nelson,Front Royal,Clarke,Martinsville,Falls Church,Madison,Amelia,Lunenburg,Charlotte,Northumberland,Northampton,Poquoson,Sussex,Greensville,Lancaster,Essex,Middlesex,Cumberland,Warrenton,Mathews,Purcellville,Wytheville,Abingdon,Farmville,Smithfield,Vinton,South Boston,Rappahannock,Ashland,Charles City,King and Queen,Lexington,Galax,Surry,Bland,Buena Vista,Strasburg,Marion,Bridgewater,Covington,Emporia,Richlands,Big Stone Gap,Bluefield,Craig,Woodstock,Dumfries,Luray,Rocky Mount,Bath,South Hill,Berryville,Norton,Clifton Forge,Broadway,Blackstone,Colonial Beach,Altavista,Lebanon,West Point,Chincoteague,Elkton,Pearisburg,Grottoes,Hillsville,Windsor,Timberville,Dublin,Tappahannock,Chase City,Crewe,Highland,New Market,Coeburn,Waverly,Saltville,Mount Jackson,Gate City,Narrows,Haymarket,Stephens City,Pennington Gap,Chilhowie,Lovettsville,Appalachia,Appomattox,Victoria,Stanley,Dayton,Gordonsville,Warsaw,Chatham,Rural Retreat,Kilmarnock,Glade Spring,Exmore,Honaker,Stuart,Clintwood,Lawrenceville,Middletown,Weber City,Hurt,Courtland,Onancock,Gretna,Kenbridge,Buchanan,Glasgow,Clarksville,Bowling Green,Brookneal,Cedar Bluff,Pembroke,Edinburg,Jonesville,Pound,Grundy,Cape Charles,Occoquan,St. Paul,Independence,Craigsville,Wakefield,Parksley,Keysville,Damascus,Rich Creek,Tangier,Ridgeway,Middleburg,Jarratt,Remington,La Crosse,Boyce,Scottsville,Round Hill,Boykins,Hamilton,Charlotte Court House,Belle Haven,Drakes Branch,Accomac,Onley,Quantico,Nassawadox,Haysi,Cheriton,McKenney,Fries,Urbanna,Mineral,Dillwyn,Mount Crawford,Troutville,Boydton,Burkeville,Irvington,Melfa,Pocahontas,Bloxom,Iron Gate,Montross,Nickelsville,Stanardsville,Claremont,Goshen,Fincastle,White Stone,Ivor,Clinchco,Dungannon,Newsoms,Alberta,Brodnax,Clifton,Dendron,Toms Brook,Saxis,Eastville,Boones Mill,Surry,Wachapreague,Painter,Madison,Phenix,The Plains,Pamplin City,Hallwood,Stony Creek,Cleveland,Keller,Troutdale,Capron,New Castle,Virgilina,Monterey,Scottsburg,Washington,Port Royal,St. Charles,Glen Lyn,Branchville,Duffield,Hillsboro,Columbia,Clinchport