https://www.u-line.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
U-Line respects the privacy of all individuals visiting our website. Our site is designed to provide easily accessible information on U-Line products and to make it as convenient as possible for visitors to get detailed information if they so desire.
All visitors to our site may view the information provided without identifying who they are, or revealing any information about themselves. Our web servers do not in any way collect email addresses or other private information unless the information is specifically shared and entered by our site guests.
Most importantly, we do not sell or distribute any lists or information obtained through our web site to any outside organizations or entities.
In some cases, when a site visitor requests information, we may require mailing and/or email address information. When additional information on our products, such as literature mailings, is specifically requested by the site visitor, we may share mailing and/or email information with carefully selected representatives or business partners. We do this so the requested information can be forwarded to those individuals originating the request. Our business partners may also use this information to follow up with the originator of the request in order to ensure they are satisfied with the information that has been provided to them. Our purpose in doing this is to provide the requested information as expediently as possible, and to ensure the requestor's satisfaction with the information they have received.
Thank you for visiting the U-Line website. We hope you find it informative and convenient to use.
in home design, lifestyle, and refrigeration news
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Address8900 North 55th Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53223
PhoneLocal: +1.414.354.0300
EmailSales: sales@u-line.comService: onlineservice@u-line.com
Products
Beverage Centers
Wine Refrigerators
Ice Machines
Refrigerators
Freezers
Dispensers
Outdoor
Commercial
ADA
Marine
Global 230v
U-Chill®
Resources
About Us
Request a Brochure
U-Line Lifestyle Blog
Built-In to Stand Out
Modular Refrigeration
Proper Preservation
Trade & Media
Continuing Education
Press Releases
Careers
Support
Find a Dealer
Find a Servicer
Product Registration
Parts & Accessories
Manuals & Guides
Product Warranty
Provider Login
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
CA Prop 65
Contact Us
© 2020 U-Line. All Rights Reserved.
© 2020 U-Line. All Rights Reserved.