http://www.salestaxadvisors.com/v4.2/legal/
Legal Information
Home
About Us
Services Available
Sales/Use Tax Issues
Industry Issues
Other Resources
Legal Information
» Privacy Information
» Copyright
Blog
Contact Us
home » legal information »
Sales Tax Advisors, Inc. ("STA") maintains
this site (the "Site") for your personal entertainment,
information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse
the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for
non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all
copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the
materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse,
report, or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial
purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without
STA's written permission.
All other brands and product names are trademarks or registered
trademarks of their respective companies. All prices and
configurations are subject to change without notice or
obligation. Prices do not include shipping and handling and applicable
sales tax. Shipping and handling charges may vary. All prices in
U.S. dollars. Some products and services may not be available for all
international locations.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following
terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all
applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept,
without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and
acknowledge that any other agreement between you and
STA that may govern or affect your access and use of
the Site, regardless of form, is null and void.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is
copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as
provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the Site
without the prior written permission of
STA. STA neither warrants nor represents
that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe
rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with
STA.
While STA uses reasonable efforts to include
accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, STAmakes no warranties or representations as to its
accuracy. STA assumes no liability or responsibility
for any errors or omissions in the content on the Site.
This web site is intended for adult users only, and children under
the age of 18 are not eligible to participate in the commercial
features of this web site.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your risk. Neither
STA nor any other party involved in creating,
producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct,
incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out
of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the
foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS"
AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow
the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions
may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or
limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Because our
web site is provided to you "As Is," you agree that
STA shall not be liable to you or any third party for
any delay in delivery of, or failure to deliver any of your
communications or other information you submit using our web site.
Because our web site is provided to you "AS AVAILABLE," you
agree that STA shall not be liable to you or any third
party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of our web
site or your ability to access it.
STA also assumes no
responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses
that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account
of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading
of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the
Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by
electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments,
suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential
and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by
STA or its affiliates for any purpose, including but
not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication,
broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, STA is free to use
any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any
communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever,
including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing
products using such information.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are either the
property of, or used with permission by, STA. The use
of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is
prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions
or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Any
unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark
laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications
regulations and statutes.
STA has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the
Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or
any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site
pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Unless otherwise noted or agreed in writing, any items that you
purchase through the STA Web Site are subject to the
STA Terms & Conditions of Sale.
Although STA may from time to time monitor or
review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards,
and the like on the Site, STA is under no obligation to
do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the
content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel,
slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity,
danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within
such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or
transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene,
scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane materials or any
material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be
considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or
otherwise violate any law. STA will fully cooperate
with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or
directing STA to disclose the identity of anyone
posting any such information or materials.
STA may also, in its sole discretion and at
anytime, discontinue the STA Web Site, or any part
there of, with or without notice.
You agree that you do not have any
rights in our web site and that STA will have no
liability to you if this web site is discontinued or your ability to
access our web site is terminated.
STA may at any time revise these Terms and
Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such
revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review
the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Feel free to call or e-mail us to discuss any tax issues you may have.
1.785.876.2426
Sales Tax Advisors, Inc.9168 Village LaneOzawkie, KS 66070
Last modified on Sat Oct 18 2014 16:40:19 MST.
11 December 2020 About STA    Legal    Privacy    Contact    Accounting Policies & Procedures Corporatetop © 2020 STA