http://www.worldvu.com/privacy.php
Worldwide Addressing and Mailing Information
Home
About Us
All Products & Services
Contact Us
Addressing Information
Guide to Worldwide Postal-Code and Address Formats
Digital Addressing Information (Electronic Files)
Other Publications
Best Practices for International Mailings
Ready-Reference Guides
Papers and other Resources (free)
Order Form
Privacy and Data Protection
Policy
Short
Version             Full
Policy
This is the web site of WorldVu LLC.
Our mailing address isP. O. Box 477Centreville, VA 20122
USA
Short version
We do not want to annoy, irritate or insult our customers.
If there is a question or a problem, please contact us.
The information voluntarily provided on our order form and in emails we receive is used for fulfuilling orders and for marketing purposes.
We do not store information from cookies.
We are always pleased to receive updates or corrections to the information we maintain on our customers.
We market to our customers by postal mail and email. If you do not want to be contacted by us, let us know. From time to time, we give contact information to companies with products that may be of interest to our customers. If you do not wish to receive information from other companies, please let us know. We can be reached by e-mail at contact@worldvu.com, by telephone at +1 410-522-4223 or fax at +1 410-522-4233.
Full policy
We market to our customers by postal mail and email. The information voluntarily provided on our order form and in emails we receive is used for fulfuilling orders and for marketing purposes. If you do not want to be contacted by us, please let us know. We can be reached by e-mail at contact@worldvu.com for WorldVu, by telephone at +1 410-522-4223 or fax at +1 410-522-4233.
Updates and corrections: We are always pleased to receive updates or corrections to the information we maintain on our customers. If you would like to know the information we have about you, please contact us and we will provide you with the information via email or postal mail. We will verify companies, addresses, and titles but will not disclose the full information on the telephone.
Cookies: We collect information on what pages visitors to our site access. The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded. It is used to improve the content of our Web page and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. We may at some time use cookies to better understand how our Web site is used but will not store personal information.
We use cookies for the subscription areas of our affiliated sites (AddressFormats, Agencies, etc.). These cookies eliminate the need to sign-on for each page. We do not capture or store any information about the user or computer from them.
Some of the Web sites with whom we have links may use cookies.
We do not receive any information from the cookies or from the companies maintaining those sites.
We do not track the policies of these companies.
Please contact them if you would like more information.
Information from WorldVu: If you request information about WorldVu or its products or place on order, you will be added to our database to receive future mailings related to our publications and services or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive either e-mail or postal mail from us in the future, please let us know either on the order form or by contacting us at the above address or emailing us and telling us what you do not want to receive from our company (email, postal mail, or both).
Information from other companies:
From time to time, WorldVu makes the lists of addresses volunteered on its Web site available to other carefully screened organizations or companies whose products or services you may find of interest.
If you no longer wish to receive such mailings, please provide us with your exact name and address.
We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
WorldVu LLC • P. O. Box 477 • Centreville, VA 20122 USA • Tel: +1 410 522 4223 • Email: info@worldvu.com
Our Privacy Policy
Site Access and Use Terms
Copyright 2000-2010 M. Law.  All rights reserved. The content of this site is copyrighted and may not be reproduced in any way without prior written consent.