http://www.mgma.com/privacy-policy
Attention!
We have detected that you are using Internet Explorer (IE) as your web browser. Since Microsoft is no longer supporting IE, we recommend changing to the latest version of one of the following browsers in order to maintain the highest security protection and best user experience: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Microsoft Edge, Safari or Opera.
Privacy Policy
Medical Group Management Association (MGMA) collects and processes certain data as you use the MGMA websites.  This Privacy Policy applies to all MGMA Websites (mgma.com, data.mgma.com, community.mgma.com, orca.mgma.com, careers.mgma.com, education.mgma.com and advance.mgma.com) and the MGMA mobile application that are owned and controlled by MGMA (collectively and individually, the "Site"). This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices, how we collect, share and use your Personal Information and how you can exercise your privacy rights with respect to the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to data that is collected or processed offline or through other means, or through third party websites.
Purpose
Information We Collect
How We Use Information We Collect
How We Share the Information We Collect
Cookies and Similar Technologies
International Transfer of Information
How to Access and Control Your Personal Data
Contact Information
1. PURPOSE
Purpose of this Privacy Notice:
This Privacy policy explains who we are, how we collect, share and use your Personal Information, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.
This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the MGMA Website Terms and Conditions of Use. If you have not already reviewed the Terms and Conditions, please take a few minutes to do so.
Your Consent to This Privacy Policy
By browsing or using the interactive features of the MGMA website entities, your access is subject to this policy and you are agreeing to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described below. If you do not agree ("consent") to the collection, processing, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use this Website.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This version was last updated in April of 2019.
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without notice, by posting the revised version on this Website. These changes will be effective as of the date we post the revised version. Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to the revisions.
You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked "Privacy Policy" at the bottom of each page of the Site.
2. Information We Collect
Personal Information we collect from you:
Personal Information is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information. This information is collected when you knowingly provide personal data about yourself when using this site. Examples of this include when you
Become a member
Create an account
Purchase a product
Register for an event
Fill out a form to request additional information
This information collected may include your:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Information about your organization
Credit card information
Information about your purchases
Personal Information can also include information that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information.
Information We Collect Automatically:
We collect information that is sent to us automatically. This information typically includes your:
IP address
Address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed this site
Name and version of your operating system and browser
Information regarding pages visited on the Site
Search queries
Date and time of your last visit
The information we receive depends on the settings on your network or Internet Service Provider (ISP). Please check with your network administrator or ISP, if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
The information provided by your browser and stored in our web server logs does not identify you personally, but it can be combined with other information to identify you.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may update and supplement the information collected through this Website with information we collect in other ways, for example, information you provide to us when you register for a conference off-line or call the MGMA Service Center.
3. How We Use Information That We Collect
We may use the Personal Information collected to:
Provide you with the information, products and services you request or purchase
Contact you with member information
Contact you about products, services, research studies and surveys, membership offers and other information and offers we believe will be of interest to you
Invite you to participate in benchmark surveys or marketing surveys
Publish an online Member Directory or create a networking area within the Site as described below in the Online Community section
Contact you with information and notices related to your use of the Site;
Better understand your needs and interests
Improve the content, functionality and usability of the Site
Improve our products and services
Optimize our marketing and promotional efforts
Provide you the services you have requested
Run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
Engage in activities that are described when you provide the information
Protect security and credit or prevent fraud
To operate our business
As otherwise permitted or required by law and
Any other purpose we identify in a specific privacy notice.
We use the non-personal information to:
Create statistics that help us improve the Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors
Estimate our audience size
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the Site according to your individual interests
Recognize you when you return to the Site
Provide better services or content in the future
Provide other companies with statistical information about our users, but this information will not be used to identify any individual user
Re-marketing
The Site also uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Ads tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN) or Social Media Sites. We are not collecting any identifiable information using Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use, will place cookies on web browsers to serve ads based on past visits to the Site. These third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to the Site. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Online education
Some of the online courses and webinars offered by MGMA are provided and/or sponsored by third parties. The third party’s privacy policy, not this Privacy Policy, will apply to the Personal Information we collect when you register for or participate in those courses. A link to the third party’s privacy policy will be posted online within the course information.
Online Member Directory
MGMA may publish contact and biographical information about members and information about their organizations in the MGMA online Member Directory which is available to other members, affiliate members and partners. This information may include, for example, a member’s name, address, telephone number, fax number and e-mail address; the name, address, telephone number, fax number and email address of the member’s organization; the size of the organization; and information about the areas of practice and specialization.  Our Terms and Conditions of Use explicitly prohibit “harvesting” e-mail addresses published on this site for solicitation purposes. If you wish to only have your name and not any contact or other Personal Information published in our online Member Directory, you may suppress your contact information by sending us an e-mail, or calling MGMA toll-free at 877.ASK.MGMA (275.6462), ext. 1888
Legal basis for Processing Personal Information (EEA visitors only)
If you are a visitor/customer located in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), MGMA is the data controller of your Personal Information collected through the Site, other than that related to the online education discussed above. MGMA does not have a Data Protection Officer, because the core activities of MGMA do not consist of processing operations that require regular and systematic monitoring of data subjects on a large scale, or processing on a large scale of special categories of data or personal data relating to criminal convictions. However, if you have concerns about how your personal data is processed, you can contact MGMA's Compliance Officer at privacy@mgma.com.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Information described above will depend on the information concerned and the specific context in which we collect and process it. However, we will normally collect Personal Information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Information from you. Where you directly and voluntarily provide the data for a specific purpose, you are giving consent for us to process the data for the purpose indicated.
If we ask you to provide Personal Information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Information). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Use of Navigational Information
Navigational information tells us how users move through the Site. Information about how users move through the Site helps us better organize the information, improve the Site experience, and personalize the content offered to Site visitors. We may also use navigational Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized content about MGMA products and services.
Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. We obtain each customer's consent, via email or at time of collection, prior to posting the customer's name and testimonial.
Use of Credit Card Information
We do not store any credit card information on our systems. If you provide credit card information, we use it solely to collect payment from you and use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is also not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Information is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures.  However, it is not possible to guarantee absolute security of electronic information, and by providing your information and using the Site, you acknowledge the risk of storing and transmitting electronic information over the Internet.
Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
4. How Do We Share Personal Information?
We may share the Personal Information we collect through this Site as described below and in any applicable click-through agreements or privacy notices. Please send an e-mail to our Service Center to learn about your choices regarding how MGMA Entities share your Personal Information.
MGMA Entities only rent or provide Personal Information to Third Parties as described in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
Our Service Providers
The MGMA Entities may share your Personal Information with companies (including our affiliates) that provide services to us or perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that help process credit card payments. Our service providers are required by contract to protect the confidentiality of the Personal Information we share with them and to use it only to provide specific services on our behalf.
Select Third Parties
The MGMA Entities may from time to time send emails and postal mailing to members on behalf of carefully selected organizations with information and offers that we believe to be of interest to you. In some cases, the email or postal mail is sent by the MGMA Entity, and the third party does not ever receive your email address or physical address. In some cases, as discuss below under Emailing and Postal Mailing Lists, we may provide the addresses to the third party. Information about opting out of this activity is provided below.
Business Transfers
Information submitted through the Site is a business asset of the MGMA Entities and will become part of our normal business records. Your Personal Information may be transferred to another entity (either an affiliated entity or an unrelated third party) in connection with a merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar corporate event. If such a transfer does occur, the acquiring entity’s use of your Personal Information will still be subject to this Privacy Policy, any applicable click-through agreements or privacy notices, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
Government and Legal Disclosures
We may disclose the Personal Information we collect through this Site if we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce our Terms and Conditions or other agreements that govern your use of the Site; or to protect the rights, property or safety of the MGMA Entities, our members or others.
For example, if we receive a subpoena or suspect fraud, we may share our web server logs – which contain visitors’ IP addresses – with law enforcement authorities or others who may use that information to trace and identify individuals.
5. Cookies and Similar Technologies
Cookies
We use "cookies" to collect information and support certain features and functionality of the Site. This includes third party cookies from platforms like Google and Facebook. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server or that is stored in your computer’s memory for the duration of your visit. We use cookies to collect statistical information on the behavior of visitors to the Site – which pages they visit; which links they use; how long they stay on each page and how often they return. This information does not include your Personal Information.
If you have created a user identity on one of your visits to the Site (for example, by creating an account), we may link the information collected by cookies to information that identifies you personally. When you log into our Site, your MGMA ID number, e-mail address, name and other information may be stored in a cookie and used to customize your experience on the Site. For example, we may use this information to display your e-mail setting subscriptions and other preferences, and to allow you to update your Personal Information in our database.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You may also delete our cookies as soon as you leave this site. Although you are not required to accept our cookies when you visit the Site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you will not be able to use all the features and functionality of the Site. Additionally, you can manage all your online preferences via http://www.aboutads.info/choices.com.
Google Analytics Notice.  We use Google Analytics, which uses cookies to analyze website traffic. For instance, Google Analytics tells us how many people have visited our website, what pages they visit, and how long they visit each page.  You can visit    https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites to learn more about how Google uses the information collected.
California Do Not Track Information
Many internet browsers have "Do Not Track" features which, when turned on, send a signal (the "DNT signal") to the websites a user visits that indicates the use does not want to be tracked.  Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret DNT signals, and there is no common definition of "tracking", we do not currently respond to DNT signals on the Site.  We do not engage in targeted behavioral advertising.
Web Beacons
In addition to cookies, we may also use “Web beacons” or similar Web technologies to collect information about our visitors and the ways they use the Site. For example, if we send an e-mail to you, the e-mail may contain a Web beacon. The Web beacon sends a signal back to us when you open the e-mail so that we can track the effectiveness of our e-mail campaigns. The information we collect using these technologies does not identify you personally; however, we may link this information to information that identifies you personally, such as your e-mail address.
Click-Through Agreements
Before using certain areas of the Site, for example, participating in our MGMA Member Community or a benchmark survey, you may be asked to indicate your acceptance of certain special terms and conditions by clicking on a button marked “O.K.” or “I agree.” Any special terms and conditions that you agree to will supplement and amend this Privacy Policy, but only with respect to your use of those areas of the Site.
6. International Transfer of Information
MGMA stores and processes all data in the United States.  If You are visiting the Site from the EEA or another location outside the United States of America, your Personal Information will be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States. The privacy laws of the United States may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. By visiting the Site, you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States and the processing, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.
7. How to Access and Control Your Personal Data
What Choices Do You Have?
You can make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information. We generally ask you to indicate your choices at the time where you provide your Personal Information. You may browse this Site without providing any information that identifies you personally and may choose not to provide the information we request, although this may mean that you cannot make a purchase or take advantage of other features of this Site.
Subscriptions
You may cancel your subscription to any email forum, e-newsletter, or other email services at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of the newsletter or e-mail. You may also manage your subscriptions by clicking on “Manage My Account” section within the MGMA Dashboard on MGMA.com, by sending us an e-mail , or calling MGMA toll-free at 877.ASK.MGMA (275.6462), ext. 1888
All Email Communications
You may “opt out” of receiving all e-mail communications from the MGMA Entities by following the instructions contained in the last e-mail communication you received, by sending us an e-mail, personally managing your subscriptions on the “Manage My Account” page, located on the “My Dashboard” page, or calling MGMA toll-free at 877.ASK.MGMA (275.6462), ext. 1888.
Email and Postal Mailing Lists
The MGMA Entities may share their e-mail or postal mailing lists with carefully selected third parties so that they may contact you regarding products, services or offers that we believe will be of interest to you. If you do not wish your Personal Information to be shared in this manner, you may “opt-out” at any time by sending us an e-mail , or calling MGMA toll-free at 877.ASK.MGMA (275.6462), ext. 1888.
How Can You Update or Correct Your Personal Information?
You may update your Personal Information, including your name, contact information, and privacy preferences at any time by clicking on “My Dashboard”, then “Account Management” at MGMA.com. You may also update your Personal Information by sending us an e-mail or calling MGMA toll-free at 877.ASK.MGMA (275.6462), ext. 1888.
Unsolicited Comments and Feedback
Unless subject to a separate agreement between you and any of the MGMA Entities, any feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like (collectively, “Feedback”) that you send to us through the Site will not be treated as confidential and proprietary. The MGMA Entities have no obligation to protect such Feedback from disclosure and are free to reproduce, use and distribute the Feedback to others for any purpose and without restriction.
By submitting Feedback through the Site, you are granting the MGMA Entities a non-exclusive, unrestricted, perpetual and irrevocable license to use your Feedback and any related know-how for any purpose whatsoever, without compensating you in any way, including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products and services incorporating such Feedback.
Security
MGMA uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving payment data. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of Personal Information that we have collected from or about you. MGMA is compliant with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) for any data it may collect that is subject to this regulation. It is important that you understand that no website or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your passwords.
Links to Other Websites
This Website may contain links to websites that are owned and operated by unrelated third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to Personal Information collected on any third-party website. In most cases, third-party websites have their own policies regarding privacy. We recommend you review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any Personal Information about yourself.
Children and Minors
The Site is not directed at nor markets to minors, under the age of 18. If you are under 18 years of age, please do not use the Site. If we learn that a minor has provided Personal Information to us through this Site, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age that you believe has disclosed personal information to us or on the Site, please contact the MGMA Service Center at service@mgma.com or call toll-free 877.275.6462, ext. 1888 so that we can delete the child's information.
Accountability
The MGMA Entities strive to maintain the privacy standards outlined in this Privacy Policy.
If you believe that the MGMA Entities are not living up to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact service@mgma.com or call toll-free 877.275.6462, ext. 1888.
8. Contact Information
Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your Personal Information, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the MGMA Service Center using the details below:
Phone: 877.275.6462 ext. 1888
Email: service@mgma.com
Hours: 6:00 am - 6:00 pm Mountain Time, Monday through Friday
MGMA Headquarters
104 Inverness Terrace East
Englewood, CO 80112-5306
Toll-free: 877.ASK.MGMA (275.6462)
X
Shopping Cart
Description
Quantity
Unit Price
Total
Quantity
Unit Price
Total
Your cart is empty
Subtotal:
Continue Shopping
Proceed to Checkout
Click here if your organization is tax exempt
X
A State Sales tax exempt certificate must be on file and taxable items cannot be ordered online. For immediate assistance during normal business hours of 7:00am to 5:00pm MT M-Th and 7:00 am to Noon MT on Friday, please call toll-free: 877-275-6462, ext. 1888
X
Checkout
Billing Address
First Name
Last Name
Address
Email
Address 2
Phone
City
State
Use two letter code for US states
Zip
Country
Use three letter code for country
Shipping address same as billing
Next
Shipping Address
First Name
Last Name
Address
Email
Address 2
Phone
City
State
Use two letter code for US states
Zip
Country
Use three letter code for country
Next
Order Summary
Description
Quantity
Unit Price
Total
Quantity
Unit Price
Total
Promo or Voucher Code
Apply
Grand Total:
Next
Membership Form
Contact Id
Nickname
Prefix
Education
First Name
Gender
Middle Name
Birthday
Last Name
Primary Email
Suffix
Secondary Email
Name Credentials
Primary Phone
Address
City
Address 2
State
Use two letter code for US states
Address 3
Zip
Country
Use three letter code for country
Job Level
Job Function
Job Title
Parent Organization
Year Started in Healthcare
Submit
Next
Payment
PAYMENT TYPE
CARDHOLDER NAME
CARD NUMBER
CVV
EXPIRATION (MMYY)
Save this card for future use
manage saved cards
Enroll in autopay for my next membership renewal.
Saved credit card is required for opt-in to autorenew.
Process Payment
Questions? Contact the MGMA Service Center for assistance during checkout or review our return policy for more information.
X
Confirmation
Invoice #
Date Posted
Payment Auth #
Balance
Bill To:
,
Ship To:
,
Description
Quantity
Unit Price
Total
Quantity
Price
Total
Total:
Payment:
Balance:
Thank you for your purchase! If you purchased an event, you will be receiving a follow-up email from our Learning Management System regarding the product/event purchased and no further action is required.
Continue Shopping
Back to top
Loading...