http://www.powermate.info/powermate-terms?hsLang=en-us
Choose Country / Language
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
:: Global Web Site / English
:: Arabic / Arabic ()
:: Bangladesh / Bengali ()
:: Czech Republic / Czech (Czech)
:: Denmark / Danish (dansk)
:: Germany / German (deutsch)
:: Greece / Greek (dimotiki)
:: Spain / Spanish (español)
:: Finland / Finnish (suomen kieli)
:: France / French (français)
:: Israel / Hebrew ()
:: India / Hindi ()
:: Indonesia / Indonesian ()
:: Italia / Italian (italiano)
:: Japan / Japanese ()
:: Korea / Korean ()
:: Malaysia / Malay (bahasa malaysia)
:: Netherlands / Dutch (nederlands)
:: Norway / Norwegian (norsk)
:: Poland / Polish (polszczyzna)
:: Portugal / Portuguese (portuguesa)
:: Russia / Russian ()
:: Sweden / Swedish (svenska)
:: Thailand / Thai ()
:: Turkey / Turkish ()
:: Pakistan / Urdu ()
:: Vietnam / Vietnamese ()
:: China / Chinese simplified ()
:: China / Chinese traditional ()
Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use:
PowerMate® is a division of L P International Inc.privately owned and operated in Brantford, Ontario, Canada
This statement discloses the product information contained herein, the information gathering process with potential and existing clients, and the privacy and dissemination practices for the L P International web site, PowerMate, in general. L P International has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protect your personal privacy. The following information is covered in this statement:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected.
What this site does with the information it gathers/tracks.
Is the information you give us shared?
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under L P International's control.
This site's policy on correcting and deleting personally identifiable information.
L P International's contact form requires users to provide information such as name and email address, unique identifiers (corporate requirements), and demographic information (such as postal code, address, etc...). L P International is a manufacturer of fine products designed to improve the lift & move ability of large heavy objects safely. Users create a profile and are then contacted by a representative of L P International to discuss details about the various products offered at this web site and their benefits. None of the information requested can be used by the public to identify a specific individual. This includes visitors, other members, anyone not employed by L P International, or financial institutions which we may use to process customer charges. L P International is a manufacturer that collects personal information only from those who choose to submit. Visitors to L P International are free to browse the site, providing no information what so ever. Private and Public Information submitted to L P International from its web site users ... PRIVATE INFORMATION is any information that allows L P International to contact a user, or allows the collection of information about the user other than what is displayed on the site. Private information is gathered from regular members. This information includes, but is not limited to, email address, home address, IP address, first name, last name, salutation, corporate identity, or other profile information. We use email, telephone, and/or mailing addresses submitted by users when forwarding information. Respondees' personal addresses are not disclosed to any other source. We may use a user's email address to send news regarding our site; however the user may choose not to receive email of this type by contacting us and indicating so. We do not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any of your private information without your permission except / unless required by law or for the protection of your good name. Information that users do not submit to us ... AGGREGATE: This is information we collect that is not personally identifiable, such as browser type, geographic location, activity at our web site, and IP address. This information is gathered for all visitors to the site. PRIVATE INFORMATION: Change/Delete ----- L P International gives all visitors (web site users) the following options for modifying or removing their information from our database:
You can send email to info@powermate.info requesting the change of or deletion of your personal information.
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Attn: Privacy Issues L P International Inc. P.O. Box 696, 151 Savannah Oaks Dr. Brantford, Ontario Canada   N3T 5P9
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the L P International site coordinator by email. If the website has not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please Call: 1-800-697-6283.
[  close  ]
Share:
Visit and follow:
PowerMate® Takes TheStrain Out Of Moving . .
Vending Machines
Major Appliances
Boilers
Electric Motors
Water Heaters
Barrels & Drums
Furnaces
Filing Cabinets
Oxygen Tanks
Air Conditioners
Barbecues
Copier Machines
Game Machines
Heat Pumps
Parcels
Safes (gun, cash box)
Wood Stoves
Water Meters
Batteries (industrial)
Water Conditioners
Transformers
and more ...
© Copyright 2020 L P International Inc. All Rights Reserved
PowerMate® Takes The Strain Out Of Moving