http://www.scx.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Top
Cookie Policy
Cookies and how they benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
If you're not familiar with cookies, we advise watching the informative video below:
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Save you having to login every time you visit the site
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Making our shopping basket and checkout work
Determining if you are logged in or not
Remembering your search settings
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily “Like” or share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by sharethis.com.
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Site Improvement Cookies
We regularly test new designs or site features on our site. We do this by showing slightly different versions of our website to different people and anonymously monitoring how our site visitors respond to these different versions. We also record visuals of some sessions on our website and have polls and feedback forms that you can fill in if you wish. All the information we collect is completely anonymous and contains no personal information unless you choose to share your information.
We use Google Optimise and Hotjar for this purpose.
Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us if , on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
We use Google Analytics and Hotjar for this purpose.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here). Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware". Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh. If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
Industry Awards
Industry Certifications
Send Big Files
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
SCX Special Projects Ltd
Roman Ridge Road,
Sheffield, S9 1GA
Tel: +44 (0)114 262 6199
Email: info@scx.co.uk