https://www.send2press.com/store/acceptable-content-policy/
HomeAcceptable Content Policy 2020
BUSINESS HOURS: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m. PST/PDT, Mon. - Fri.  Closed Sat./Sun. and Holidays.
You may order & submit projects 24/7/365.
How to Order
Content Requirements
News Content Policy
NOTICE - We Are Open During Pandemic
We are open, but working with reduced staff. Allow extra time on all projects.
ALL RELEASES PUSH NEXT DAY NOT SAME DAY (EXCEPT PREM. PLUS).
Please query us by email vs phone at this time as when overloaded we cannot answer phone, prioritizing getting news out.
IMPORTANT! You must review our Content Policy prior to placing order.
HOLIDAY HOURS: We will be closed Wed.-Fri. December 23-25; and Jan. 1, 2021. We will close at noon PST Dec. 31. Happy Holidays!
All news submitted to and issued by Send2Press® Newswire must meet our Acceptable Content Policy (AUP). This policy limits certain kinds of news which are not considered news or newsworthy based on PR and media/broadcast standards. We are not obligated to accept any content, however we do issue news on most newsworthy topics every day.
IMPORTANT NOTICE: We are not accepting *new* clients from outside the U.S. and Canada at this time (includes Hong Kong, Israel, China, India, Korea, Singapore, South America, etc.) due to numerous fraud attempts in 2020. Existing clients from these areas are still very much welcome!
NOTICE: March 1, 2020: We have chosen to not accept any opinion, commentary or speculation releases related to the CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19). News from a verified city/state agency in relation to service and containment information, or an established business/manufacturer announcing business status due to being directly affected by the outbreak (e.g., factory closed, factory opened, etc.) will be considered unless inflammatory. Companies donating protection equipment would be acceptable, however a website soliciting donations of any kind (unless 501(c)(3) charity) would not be accepted. Anything not directly factual and specific will be rejected. Please inquire if your release mentions COVID-19 in any way prior to submission to ensure we will accept it.
Because Send2Press® Newswire syndicates news across multiple high-quality news sites as well as traditional information systems like LexisNexis, Contify, Reuters/Westlaw (etc.), we hold our content to a higher standard than most. This means we turn away most of the news content “allowed” by the junk free posting sites, and all-you-can-eat services which don’t work with major syndicators.
Also note for our “Premium” plans, PRN has some specific requirements separate from Send2Press, which includes not being able to submit public-company news (traded on any exchange) material to a third party (please inquire!).
Examples of Acceptable Content
Company Launches and Mergers.
New Product Launch (consumer good, book, CD, software, app, website, etc.)
Joint Company Partnerships.
Staff Hiring/Appointment (career moves).
Company Performance (audience growth, number products shipped, etc.).
Legal Business News or Court Victory/Settlement. This would typically include new hires, awards, event sponsorships, or verifiable case wins. (Cannot be allegation lawsuits or commentary on other firm’s law cases; you should inquire first for pre-approval of legal news. See additional notes below, this page. All court case wins MUST include the appropriate court docket number(s) so media can easily look-up actual case.)
Recall of Your Company Product and specifics.
Public Gathering/Convention Event.
Protest Rally (local news) with clear attribution of group organizing event.
Charity Event.
Political Campaign Announcements (must be from actual campaign, not third party or PAC; please seek pre-approval before submission; Frankly Network will not run any political news of any kind).
Awards and honors from legitimate, credible trade groups (e.g., BBB, etc.).
Special note for construction, contractors, home repair services: due to an annoying level of lead generation spam, we now require any company promoting “garage door repair,” fences, roof repair, cement work, or similar to include their legally required general contractor license information at the bottom of their press release, or it will be rejected.
SPECIAL NOTE FOR POLITICAL CAMPAIGNS:
ALL POLITICAL NEWS REQUIRES PRE-APPROVAL.
All U.S. political campaign announcements must have a link to legitimate website (not a blog site like candidate.wordpress) where party affiliation, state registration, biography, and any legal notices are clearly posted. There must be legitimate photo of candidate. Media contact email should match website if self promoting (not free account), or be legitimate ad agency or similar. Fake, anonymous, or joke “running for president on the beer bong party” type announcements will not be accepted. If confused, please email proof of release for pre-approval prior to ordering service. (Reminder: we do not accept campaign information from outside U.S., or anything related to international politics.)
The FRANKLY Network of TV/broadcast websites will not syndicate any news related to politics, campaigns, elections, ballots/bills, etc.
SPECIAL NOTE FOR POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEES:
Any political action committee (PAC) must have a verifiable website domain, not hosted on junk/free web builder site. PAC must clearly identify principals and supporting funding organizations and cannot be anonymous entities. Any PAC or political news is subject to pre-approval. Due to various disclosure requirements, we may not be able to accept PAC news if there is too vague a paper trail on the supposed organization, and/or questionable pro/con efforts against any third party candidate or ballot/bill.
PLEASE contact us for pre-approval of this kind of news.
Learn what a proper press release may contain:
What is a press release?
View our minimum content/format requirements:
View Requirements
Unacceptable News Content
We will not accept news announcements on any of the following topics:
Blog Posts: We do not accept fake self-promotional articles, bylined blog posts, or similar; only press releases, which are news announcements. You can create a press release which promotes and leads to your content, which is a great method of content marketing.
Anti-Vaccination / VAXXER “Propaganda”: Starting in 2019, due to prevailing science showing the proven cause of major measles and other outbreaks in the U.S. tied to “anti-vaccination” mis-information and fear mongering, we can no longer accept ANY content promoting the anti-vaccination agenda.
Anonymous Political News: We do not accept anonymous political news or fund-raising from individuals or PACs without a clear and verifiable historical web presence (all political news is subject to pre-approval regardless of topic/source).
International Wealth Management Companies: We no longer accept any news from international “wealth management” companies, especially from Asia, due to numerous scam networks issuing releases to validate criminal operations. U.S. companies should seek pre-approval and must include licensing information in release.
DRM Removal Software: We no longer accept news related to software intended solely to remove copyright protections from digital products such as YouTube videos, audio books, movies, DVD/Blu-ray, or similar.
Bitcoins: We do NOT accept news promoting bitcoin buying/selling websites. We do not accept bitcoin software announcements or bitcoin mining hardware (“mining rigs”) news. This is the #1 fraud news item for 2015-2018.
ICOs (Initial Coin Offerings) and Cryptocurrency: After numerous issues, we no longer accept any ICO related news. We do not accept cryptocurrency news.
Online Dating Sites/Apps: We no longer accept any online dating site/app news. This includes dating, hook-ups, marriage apps, arranged marriage apps, and the like.
Opinions and Attacks: We don’t accept “news” or “fake articles” which purport to be reporting on, or fostering opinions about, others which can be viewed as libelous. Similarly we can’t promote a blog which attacks others or focuses on biased claims or attacks on individuals or companies by name.
MLM: Multi-level Marketing (MLM) and “make money at home” news will not be accepted. Common topics include travel programs, water purification, gold parties, diet pills, “lifetime free cable TV if you call this number,” or similar.
Cannabis Dispensaries: Due to Federal laws and content media will actually accept, we do not currently allow any press releases from cannabis dispensaries or medical marijuana stores; or products/services selling such products.
CBD Oil Products: Due to obscene amount of ‘snake oil’ promotion (including claiming to cure COVID-19), we do not accept news promoting CBD products, or linking to any site selling CBD Oil products at this time.
Cigarettes: We accept no news related to cigarettes, including e-cigs, vape/vaping, or any tobacco products. We will not accept any content promoting any nicotine related product or service, blog, or the like.
Stock Round-ups / Pumping: Stocks/commodities buy/sell/recommendations are only accepted from a licensed broker.
Legal Matters: Lawsuit announcements with no facts in evidence or wild allegations will not be accepted. “Alleged” complaints against individuals and employers are generally not accepted as these can be on anything and until proven or a judgement made, one can “allege” anything against anyone and the content will live online and in data sources forever; hence why we do not accept such news. We will accept announcement of judgments or case “wins” and certain class-action releases. We discourage “trolling for clients” and “ambulance chasing” releases, please! (NOTE: all legal news is subject to “pre approval” due to recent abusive and spurious announcements submitted and rejected; please contact us first with example of your announcement to see if acceptable. Thank you.)
Nutrition Products: News related to diet pills or body part enhancement, energy boosting, miracle nutraceuticals will not be accepted. Some nutritional products may be accepted with proper FDA disclaimer; requires pre-approval. No COVID-related supplement products will be accepted of any kind.
ED Treatments: News related to ED treatments.
Credit Repair and Tax Refund Scams: News promoting credit repair “for a fee” services; especially those requiring credit card sign-up, are not accepted.
“Hacks and Kraks”: News promoting software which bypasses Google copy-protection, such as capture of YouTube videos, is not allowed; or any other intellectual property defeating tools.
Vanity Awards: Consistently, less then credible “awards” organizations spring up saying your company is something like “the best in your city,” without anything to back that up, or credible business behind the award. Most of these companies exist only to sell you plaques, crystal trophies, or framed certificates. This is not news, and we cannot issue this type of junk award news.
Casinos and Fantasy Sports: We don’t accept news related to casino/gambling, or online fantasy sports sites with payouts. (We do accept charity casino nights, or events such as concerts held at casinos.)
Lotteries: News for lotteries or paid raffles will not be accepted unless properly licensed subject to local laws with full disclaimers and disclosures meeting local and Federal U.S. laws.
Foreign Politics: We do not accept news related to Foreign Government (outside the U.S.) politics, elections, protests, or policy.
Education Cheats: We do not accept news regarding services, particularly from overseas, promoting “essay and test writing” services for students to cheat on their class assignments in the U.S.
Affiliate Links: We do not accept fake articles, such as “top stereo roundups” which lead to affiliate links either directly or via redirects to sites like Amazon or other resellers. Affiliate linking is advertising, not news for the media!
Go Fund Me Campaigns: We do not accept any “asking for money” press releases.
Crackpots: Crackpot ideas like chemtrails, truthers, alien spy bugs in your hair, or pretty much anything from Charlie Sheen, will not be accepted.
Projects submitted related to any of the above will be cancelled. We reserve the right to refuse any and all content deemed non-newsworthy, potentially fraudulent and/or intentionally misleading.
You may, of course, contact us in advance to pre-approve any press release announcement.
View Our Format Requirements
To view our content requirements including headline length, dateline requirement, attribution requirement, media contact info, image formatting, etc., please see our “requirements” page from the main website. Click/tap the button below to view our basic requirements for all press release content submitted.
View Requirements
All services are offered subject to our Terms of Service (TOS).
Rev:10.1.20
INFORMATION
About Send2Press Social Boost Option
Business Hours
Help
How to Order Services
Send2Press Store Privacy Policy
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms of Service
Acceptable Content Policy 2020
Forgot your password? Existing customers need to enter their email and password during checkout. Don't remember it? It's easy to reset, just GO HERE.
Business Hours
Send2Press normal business hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Pacific Time, Mon. through Fri., closed weekends. You can order anytime 24/7/365.
COOKIE AND PRIVACY NOTICE: our store uses a temporary cookie(s) in order to manage your checkout and shopping experience. We do not track you when leaving, or retarget you. Per our long-standing privacy policy, we never sell your information to anyone. Personal data is only shared securely with the payment processor in order to debit your credit card and verify authorization of payment (via STRIPE). Using PayPal for checkout is subject to PayPal's privacy policies.