http://www.vmd.com.au/terms-conditions
Home
Collections
Bellinger
BILL BASS
OPTICAL
SUNGLASSES STYLE
SUNGLASSES POLARISED
Clic
COVER GLASSES
DIRTY DOG
SUNGLASSES
OPTICAL
Fleye
IDESIGN
JAGUAR
SUNGLASSES
OPTICAL
ME NEW YORK
MENRAD
NORTH BEACH
PACIFIC POLARISED
ROCKET
SCEATS
VISTA
VISTA
VISTA PLUS
About
Contact
Wholesale Login
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. IN GENERAL
In these Terms of Service, "we", "us", "our" or "VMD Eyewear" means Vision Marketing & Distribution Limited.
Access to and use of this Website and the goods and services available through this Website (collectively, the "Services") are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the "Terms of Service"). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or all of this Website. This Website also contains links to other websites, which are not operated by VMD Eyewear (the "Linked Sites"). VMD Eyewear has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.
2. PRIVACY POLICY
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out how we will use your personal information, can be found at Privacy Policy. By using this Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in our Privacy Policy, and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
3. PROHIBITIONS
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offence; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or post any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person's proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as "spam"; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. VMD Eyewear will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, SOFTWARE AND CONTENT
The intellectual property rights in all software and content made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of VMD Eyewear or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by VMD Eyewear and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
You shall not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create derivative works based on any software or accompanying documentation supplied by VMD Eyewear or its licensors. No licence or consent is granted to you to use VMD Eyewear marks in any way, and you agree not to use these marks or any marks which are similar without the written permission of VMD Eyewear.
5. REGISTRATION
Where you register for any area of this Website, the following terms and conditions apply.
- You must provide us with true and accurate registration information. You must keep any user name and password allocated to you confidential, and we are entitled to assume that anyone using that user name and password is you.
- VMD Eyewear reserves the right to close accounts if you are seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple accounts or disrupt any of our services in any way.
- If you use multiple accounts for the purpose of disrupting the VMD Eyewear website or services you may have action taken against all of your accounts.
- If you sign into any area of this Website or any other service that uses a single-sign on (e.g. Facebook Connect) on a public computer (e.g. at a university, public library etc,) and do not sign out, someone else who uses that computer after you may be able to access your VMD Eyewear account(s). We therefore advise you to ensure you log out of all services when you have finished using a public computer.
- Where you access the Website using a mobile device (e.g. a phone or tablet) through a web browser or an app, depending on your settings you may stay signed on from that device. This means that someone else with access to your device may be able to access your VMD Eyewear account(s). You should protect the device with a password, and if your device is lost or stolen, use remote wipe facilities (if available) to clear all personal information on your device, and change the password(s) for your VMD Eyewear account(s).
6. TERMS OF SALE
By placing an order for any goods on our Website you are offering to purchase the goods on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price. Dispatch times may vary according to availability and any guarantees or representations made as to delivery times are limited to Australia and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.
In order to contract with VMD Eyewear you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. VMD Eyewear retains the right to refuse any order made by you. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods.
7. OUR CONTRACT
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order. This email will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us for the purchase of the goods will not be formed until your payment has been approved and our billing agent has debited your credit or debit card.
8. PRICING AND AVAILABILITY
Whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund. Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the 'Total Cost'. The issuer of your credit or debit card may charge currency conversion or other fees in relation to your order. You should check with the issuer of your credit or debit card for details of any such fees.
9. RETURNS AND COLLECTIONS
9.1 Returning goods if they are faulty. Our goods may come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Consumer Guarantees Act [New Zealand Consumer Law]. You may be entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You also may be entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.
If you think that there is a fault with the goods you have received, please let us know straight away by contacting our Online Team. Please include as many details as possible about the order and the problem with the goods.
This section applies to the return of all goods, regardless of whether they are faulty or you choose your mind or need a different size.
You are responsible for the costs of returning goods to us. Any goods returned are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse. Please ensure you package your return to prevent any damage to the goods or boxes. We are not responsible for any goods that are returned to us in error.
10. LINKING TO THIS WEBSITE
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
11. DISCLAIMER AS TO OWNERSHIP OF TRADE MARKS, IMAGES OF PERSONALITIES AND THIRD PARTY COPYRIGHT
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trade marks and images of third party goods, services and/or locations featured on this Website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with VMD Eyewear and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trade marks/names featured on this Website are owned by the respective trade mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the goods and services and is in no way an assertion that such goods or services are endorsed by or connected to VMD Eyewear.