http://www.shearwell.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Shearwell Privacy Policy
Your right to privacy matters to us as well as to you. Please read below if you want to know what personal information we collect and how we may use it. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK.
When you order, we need to know your Holding Number, UK Number, Name, Address, E-Mail Address and Telephone numbers. This allows us to process and fulfil your order. You have the option to withhold personal information that is not required for the order process.
We use your personal information to get in contact with you if needed to give you information relating to your orders with us.
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons, beyond the essential requirement for credit/debit card validation during purchase.
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access in accordance with the UK data protection legislation.
We do not collect sensitive information about you except when you specifically knowingly provided it. You can check, update or remove your personal details by logging into your account online or ringing us on 01643 841611.
We use a technology called "cookies" as part of a normal business procedure to track patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. A cookie is an element of data that our Website sends to your browser which is then stored on your system. You can set your browser to prevent this happening. Any information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you change your browser settings.
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us at www.shearwell.co.uk/contactus or call us on 01643 841611
This page was updated: 23/5/2018
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more
Shearwell is a founder member of ALIDMA, the industry body for UK animal identification manufacturers and suppliers
01643 841611
Monday—Friday
8 a.m. - 5 p.m.
Saturday
9 a.m. - 12 noon
Sign up to our newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
YouTube
Powered by nopCommerce
Copyright © 2020 Shearwell UK. All rights reserved.
More