http://www.veluxusa.com/our-company/privacy-policy
Product Registration
Catalog
BIM Models & Specs
Media & Press
Find an installer
Find Dealer
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
We respect and protect your privacy. In the following, you can read about how we handle your personal data.
This VELUX Privacy Policy (‘VELUX Privacy Policy’) describes the treatment of data provided on or collected at our digital platforms, which gives a visitor the possibility to access our online presence and use our services. This VELUX Privacy Policy complies with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, and California Consumer Privacy Act.
VELUX America LLC is responsible for collecting, storing and processing your personal data. Our parent company is VELUX A/S registered in Denmark under registration number 30003519 with its registered office is at Aadalsvej 99, DK-2970 Hoersholm.
1.    Lawful basis for our data processing
When we process personal data in relation to a contract or a potential contract with you, the lawful basis for the processing is that it is necessary for the performance of our contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. If the lawful basis for processing is consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent as mentioned hereafter at any time, but this does not affect the legitimacy of the processing by VELUX America LLC prior to your withdrawal of consent. If we share personal data with law enforcement agencies or other governmental bodies, we share your personal data, because we have a legal obligation to do so.
2.     Our reason and purpose for collecting personal data
The following are the main categories of data collected by VELUX America LLC and the main purposes for collecting the personal data:
2.1    As part of general VELUX business operations
We collect personal data about individuals, customers, suppliers (including third party service providers) and other stakeholders. The data may include an individual’s name, contact details and other information necessary for conducting business with you or your organization.
2.2    To assist with queries
You may choose to provide us with personal data including your name, e-mail address or other contact details when you contact us by telephone, e-mail, post or by using our digital platforms. This personal data enables us to respond to requests for information on such matters as VELUX products, to arrange a measure and quote for installation of VELUX products, or to arrange for a window to be serviced, or to present claims under the VELUX guarantee. The information may be disclosed to VELUX A/S or other VELUX sales companies, relevant independent installers or dealers in order for us to assist customers with their inquiry or arrange for services or a quote.
2.3    Customers and prospective customers
We may collect personal data of customers and prospective customers, including name, contact details, payment and credit card details, credit information and other information necessary for us to conduct business with the person or organization. We may disclose the information to dealers or independent installers and logistic partners to process a customer’s order, including arranging delivery of VELUX products to the customer or assisting with inquiries.
2.4    Business development
The personal data you provide to us and personal data collected at our digital platforms will be used to enhance our consumer insight and drive relevant communication and offers across all touch points you may have with us and VELUX A/S. Personal data will also be used for product development.
2.5    Marketing communications
We may use personal data with your consent, if such is required, to inform you of VELUX business operations, products and services. If you do not wish to receive any further information you can easily and free of charge unsubscribe from our marketing communication at any time. You can find an unsubscribe link at the bottom of e-mails, or you can contact us by e-mail or post to unsubscribe. When you unsubscribe from receiving marketing communication, we will remove you from marketing communications within 10 days unless we process your personal data for other purposes as mentioned in this section 2.1-2.9.
2.6    Visitor and customer surveys
We may collect personal data from digital platforms visitors or customers as part of surveys regarding our services and products. We will provide your personal data to VELUX A/S in order for VELUX A/S to also perform surveys. Your personal data will not be used for marketing communications without your consent.
2.7    Prospective employees and contractors
When a person applies for a job or enters into a contract with us, we may collect certain information such as name, contact details, information about working history, educational diplomas, relevant record checks and information about professional interests. This may be collected from the person directly, from a recruitment consultant and from the person’s previous employers and others, including references and publicly available sources. This information is used to inform or assist us in the decision as to whether to make the person an offer of employment or engage the person under a contract.
2.8    To comply with the law
We may collect personal data as required or permitted by the law.
Personal as well as non-personal data collected by us is considered confidential and will never be sold or leased to third parties, besides the exceptions mentioned in section 2 and 4.
3.    How we collect your personal data
We collect personal data, you provide us, when you request products, services or information from us, register with us, participate in public forums or other activities on our digital platforms, respond to customer surveys, or otherwise interact with us.
We collect information through various technologies such as cookies. We refer to our cookie policy.
3.1    Links to other websites
This website contains links to other websites (such as Facebook, Google+, YouTube, Pinterest) to which this VELUX Privacy Policy does not apply. Please note that we do not endorse other websites and their content. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of each website you visit.
4.    Sharing your data with other companies
We will not share your personal data except for a few situations, including:
When intergroup and third parties perform services on our behalf, for instance package delivery and customer service. These companies are prohibited from using your personal data for purposes other than those requested by us or required by law.
When we share personal data with intergroup and third parties to ensure the safety and security of our customers, to protect our rights and property to comply with legal processes or in other cases if we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law.
When you allow us to share your personal data with third parties, such as: Directing us to share your personal data with third party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.
If we cooperate with external service providers (data processors), we enter into data processor agreement regarding the service providers processing of your personal data.
We have not included a list of all recipients of personal data. The reason is we are a part of a large, globally operating group which works with a large number of data recipients. Including all these recipients would not contribute to its clarity. We will also regularly change suppliers. It would therefore be a large administrative burden to keep an exhaustive list of recipients up to date. We would also have to update you each time we add or remove a recipient, which we feel would be burdensome for you.
5.    Your controls and choices
We provide you with the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your personal data. In accordance with local law, your controls and choices may include:
You may change your choices in terms of subscriptions, newsletters and alerts
You may choose whether to receive marketing communications from us about products and services that we think may be of interest to you
You may choose whether to receive targeted advertising from ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers
For natural persons of the European Union, you may request access to the personal data which we store on you, to correct inaccurate or incomplete data and in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we store on you to be transferred to another controller, restricted or erased from our records (the rights as a person). You may also object against our processing of your personal data.
For residents of California, you have the right to request in writing from business with whom you have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of Personal Information, such as name, email, and mailing address, and types of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediate preceding calendar year for the third-parties’ direct marketing purpose and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. For more information or to request your information or to be deleted, please visit VELUX CCPA.
You may exercise your controls and choices to your personal data, by following instructions provided in communications sent to you. Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal data from you, we may not be able to deliver certain products and services to you, and some of our services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences.
We will respond to your request to exercise any of your rights within one month, but we have the right to extend this period with two months. If we extend the response period, we inform you within one month from your request.
6.   Data security, integrity and retention
The security, integrity and confidentiality of your personal data are extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative and physical security measures that are designed to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate recent technology and methods. Please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.
We will retain your personal data for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this VELUX Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We will routinely refresh the information to ensure we keep it up-to-date.
7.    Data transfers, storage and global processing
Our company is a part of the VELUX Group which operates globally and we may transfer your personal data to individual VELUX companies or third parties in locations around the world for the purposes described in this VELUX Privacy Policy. Wherever your personal data is transferred, stored or processed by us, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal data.
8.    Changes to this VELUX Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may change this VELUX Privacy Policy to accommodate latest technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. At all times, we will post the most recent version on our digital platforms. We therefore advise you to read the Privacy Policy regularly. Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent.
9.    Comments and questions
If you have a comment or question about this VELUX Privacy Policy, please contact vcustomer.service@velux.com. You can contact us by using the contact details stated at the end of this Privacy Policy. If a complaint is made, the name and contact details of the complainant must be provided to VELUX America LLC. We will investigate the complaint and respond within one month.
10.    Contact details
This website is owned and operated by VELUX America LLC.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 2018.