http://www.coinstar.com/cookies-policy
Cookies Policy
COINSTAR COOKIES POLICY
Last Updated: April 10, 2018
This Cookies Policy (or “Policy”) describes how Coinstar, LLC (“Coinstar,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) use cookies in connection with www.coinstar.co.uk (the “Site”). If you have questions or concerns about Coinstar’s privacy practices, please contact us at legalaffairs@coinstar.com.
Please check back frequently as your use of the Services constitutes acceptance of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, and you agree to be legally bound by this Policy.
Summary
Cookies are small data files which are sent to a user’s computer or mobile device from a website and are stored on the hard drive or memory of the user’s computer or device. Among other things, cookies help us see which areas and features of our Site are popular and to count visits. We may tie this data to information you give us at registration and other information about you. We do this to help remember you and to personalize your experience. Further details about the types of cookies we use are provided below.
We may set cookies as soon as you visit our Site. For more information about how to reject and/or delete cookies, please see “How to Manage Cookies” below.
How Do We Use Cookies?
The cookies used on the Site are categorized in accordance with the International Chamber of Commerce United Kingdom Cookie Guide as follows:
“Strictly necessary” cookies are essential for the functionality of our Site. These cookies are necessary to enable users to move around the Site and use its features.
“Performance” cookies collect information about how users navigate the Site. For example, performance cookies identify the pages users access most frequently, how users interact with the Site, any errors that occur, which pages are not used often, which pages take a long time to load, and which pages users tend to visit and in what order. These cookies do not collect any information which could identify an individual user and are only used to help us improve how our Site works.
“Functionality” cookies allow the Site to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in).
“Targeting or advertising” cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to an identified machine or device (not a named or otherwise identifiable person). For example, if a cookie on a third party website recognizes that a particular product or service was purchased from a particular device, that cookie may “talk to” marketing cookies on the Site to ensure that advertisements about similar products are displayed when the Site is accessed from that device. They are also used to limit the number of times users see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. They may also remember that the Site has been visited from a device and share that information with marketing organizations. These cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks with our permission.
Cookie Name
Cookie Type
Description & Purpose
Duration
Coinstar
Cookies to ease the navigation and usage of the website
Non-expiring
Google Analytics
Site Analytics
Google Analytics lets you measure your advertising ROI as well as track your Flash, video, and social networking sites and applications.
365 days
How Do We Use Google Analytics?
We use Google Analytics to analyze your activity on our Site and collect information such as the specific web pages you visit on our Site, the links you click and the searches you conduct. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve our Site. If you prefer to disable our collection and use of this information, you can download and install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On by visiting tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
How to Manage Cookies
When you first visit our Site, a message will appear near the footer of the page, which will notify you that we use cookies to help make our Site better. The message will also notify you that you can change your cookie settings at any time and that you can view this Policy for more detailed information about our use of cookies.
Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Site. For more information about how to reject or delete cookies using your browser, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more here
...
...