http://www.myworkman.co.uk/help/privacy_policy.php
Post a Job
Post a Job
How it Works
Find Tradesmen
Tradesman Start
Advice
Help
Login
Privacy Policy
At myworkman.co.uk we strongly believe in protecting our customers private information. This document explains what information is stored and how it is used. In addition you should remember to read the terms & conditions.
1. What personal information is stored?
We only collect, store or use personal information that we consider necessary for the purpose of providing the best service possible to all of our customers.
1(A) - Posting a job
In the event that you post a job online at myworkman, we collect and store your name, postcode, email address, telephone number as well as and the information you provide us about the job ( the job title, description, photos). In the event that you post feedback about a tradesman on the site, we collect and store your comments and ratings. We also collect cookie and browser session information (see 1(C)).
1(B) - For Tradespeople
If you wish to tender for any jobs featured on our website, you must register and provide us certain details. We collect and store all the information you provide to us during registration ( e.g your name, postcode, trade name, telephone number, trades your specialise in, distance you are willing to travel, etc).
In the event that you do tender for a job featured on the site, we collect the details of your tender. In the event that you provide answers to homeowner questions, we collect the details of your answer.
If you request external references for your profile, we collect the name, email address and telephone number of your referees. We also collect cookie and browser session information (see 1(C)).
1(C) - Cookie & Browser Session Information
We collect information about the type of device you are using, the browser you are using and your IP address for the purpose of tracking site usage and improving the site.
We make use of cookies to track who you are between sessions. If you disable cookies you may not be able to access your account.
We use a number of online advertising and user tracking plasforms which set cookies:
We advertise with Bing. If you wish you can opt out of their cookies.
We advertise with Google Adwords. If you wish you can opt out of their cookies.
We advertise with Facebook. If you wish you can opt out of their cookies.
We use Google Analytics to track and optimise use of the site. If you wish you can opt out of their cookies.
2. Our use of your personal information
2(A) - Posting a job
In the event that you place a job advert online, we display the information you have given to us about your job to users who browse jobs on our website. In addition businesses that have registered will be able to tender for the work through the site. We'll alert you by email when this happens.
Your name and telephone number will only be shared with tradepeople that you decide to shortlist. Feedback that you post about a tradesperson on the site will be displayed publically on the site.
2(B) - For Tradespeople
Your trade name, postcode, business introduction, profile photo, photos of completed work, answers to homeowner questions and any feedback from MyWorkman customers are publically visible to visitors to the site.
Your name, email and telphone number will be provided to job posters if you are shortlisted for a job.
3. Sharing Information
We may disclose your personal data if we are either compelled to do so by law, or in response to a valid, legally compliant request by a law enforcement or governmental authority.
As a matter of policy, we do not share, sell, trade or give away your personal information unless you have given us specific intruction that we may do so.
We cannot ensure that all of your communications with myworkman and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, we do not guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or communications with myworkman will always remain private.
We may also disclose aggregated demographic and profile data (in which neither you nor any other individual is identified) to our commercial and marketing partners. If all of the assets which we use to operate our
business (or substantially all of them) are acquired by a third party, we may transfer personal data we then hold to that party. In the unlikely event that an insolvency practitioner (such as a liquidator) is appointed in respect of our business, that practitioner may sell, trade or rent personal data we then hold.
4. Security
Your personal information is stored on third party servers, which are protected both physically and electronically, in the form of a "firewall". Please remember however that there is no such thing a perfect security on the internet.
5. Changing your Information
(A) - Changing your business information
If you wish to change the information we hold about your business, please do this via the "mypages" environment by clicking on "My Details".
(B) - Changing your job advert
If you wish to change the details of your job advert, please click "edit job" at the top of our website. You will need the job id and password of your job, which will have sent to you by email.
6. Other Information Collectors
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. In the event that you provide your information to other parties, whether they are businesses, job owners or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. All third party advertisers that you may find on myworkman.co.uk have to their own privacy policies. Myworkman.co.uk does not control the privacy policies of third parties and thus, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party.
7. Non Exhaustive
This privacy policy does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of our collection and use of personal information. We reserve the right to amend or modify this privacy statement at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation.
If you have additional questions, comments or problems about our privacy policy please send an email to customer_service@myworkman.co.uk
Quick Links
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Homeowner FAQs
Tradesman FAQs