http://www.aravis.ch/privacy-statement
ARAVIS GROWTH
ABOUT US
NEWS
Privacy Statement
As the protection of your personal data is of particular concern to us, we only process your data based on legal provisions (EU GDPR 2018, DSG 1992 ). In this Privacy Statement, we inform you about the most important aspects of data processing in connection with our website.
By transferring your personal data to us and by using our website you confirm that you have read and understood this Privacy Statement.
Contacting us
If you contact us by e-mail or telephone, we will process the data provided by you for the purpose of handling your inquiry and for potential follow-up questions; we will delete said data no later than three months after your inquiry has been dealt with. Moreover, your data will only be further processed if it is necessary due to statutory retention requirements or if it is necessary for maintaining and/or asserting any legal rights. Data is only disclosed to the extent that is required for the purposes mentioned above; as far as possible, data is only disclosed within our company.
Applications
Applications of any kind (job offers, internships, diploma theses, unsolicited job applications), which we receive by e-mail, including all data of the applicant and attachments, are only processed by the human resources department and the respective specialist department in order to assess if your profile fits one of our advertised job offers and/or if we will offer you a job that fits your profile. We also process your data for the initiation of an employment relationship with you, if applicable. Your data will be deleted no later than three months after the application procedure has been completed. Moreover, your data will only be further processed if it is necessary due to statutory retention requirements or if it is necessary for maintaining and/or asserting any legal rights. Data is only disclosed to the extent that is required for the purposes mentioned above; as far as possible, data is only disclosed within our company.
Cookies
Our website uses so-called cookies. Cookies are small text files which your browser stores on your device. They cause no damage.
We use cookies to provide a user-friendly experience. Some cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. They will permit us to recognize your browser if you visit our website again.
You can delete cookies from your device yourself at any time. Deleting or deactivating cookies may limit the functionality of our website.
In addition, this website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics also uses cookies to allow for an analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by cookies regarding your use of this website is, in general, transferred to and stored on a server in the US owned by Google. Due to the activation of IP anonymization on this website, however, your IP address will first be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or other states which are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a server in the US owned by Google and shortened there. Google will use this information, on behalf of the website operator, to analyze your use of the website, to prepare reports on website activities and to provide further services related to website and internet use to the website operator. The IP address transferred from your browser by Google Analytics will not be merged with other data from Google. You can prevent the storage of cookies through a corresponding setting of your browser software; please note, however, that then you might not be able to use all functions of this website in full.
Further information on terms of use and data protection is available at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html and at https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
Please note that Google Analytics is configured on this website in a way to ensure anonymous collection of IP addresses (IP masking). Your IP address is recorded but will be pseudonymized immediately. This allows for broad localization only.
Your rights
The General Data Protection Regulation provides you with rights of access, rectification, erasure, restriction, data portability, withdrawal and objection. If you believe that the processing of your data violates data protection law or if your rights under data protection law have been violated in any other way you can lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority. However, you may also contact us at any time using the contact details which can be found in our website’s ‘About Us’ > ‘Contact’ section.
Data protection officer
You may contact our data protection officer by e-mail: info@aravis.ch or by mail to the following address:
ARAVIS SA
Merkurstrasse 70
CH-8032 Zurich
Switzerland
Date: 25 May 2018
Our websites uses Google Analytics and cookies to give you the best online experience. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies in accordance with our privacy statement.
Accept
Decline Google Analytics tracking on this website