http://www.pump.co.uk/privacy-policy-i3
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Want To Apply For A Trade Account?
- Click Here For Details
Free UK Delivery
- Orders Over £100
Next Day Delivery
- On All Products
International Shipping
- More Details
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyW Robinson & Sons – Privacy Notice Founded in East London in 1926, W Robinson & Sons initially specialised in electrical engineering, rewinding and mechanical repais, servicing all local industry. Over the past 15 years, W Robinson have entered the market of power products. Now manufacturing and districbuting engine powered equipment that includes petrol and diesel fuelled, bare general purpose engines, industrial and domestic generators and power washers.A)      Who is the Data Controller?We are the ‘controller’ for the personal data that we gather from yourself. You can contact us by telephone on 0208 559 6030, or email gdpr@pump.co.uk or write to: W Robinson & Sons, 35 – 41 Fowler Road, Hainault Business Park, Hainault, IG6 3WR, Essex.B)      Purpose of processing and lawful bases for such processingThe purpose of processing is to provide a first class service to our clients. The lawful bases that this is based upon follows:1.     Performance of a contract, the processing is necessary for a contract we have with the individual, or because they have asked us to take specific steps before entering into a contract.2.     Compliance with legal obligation, the processing is necessary for us to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations).3.     Legitimate interests of ourselves and client, the processing is necessary for our and your legitimate interests or the interests of a third party unless there is good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests.4.     Consent: the processing is necessary for a contract we have with the individual, or because we have asked you to take specific steps before entering into a contract.C)      Rights for IndividualsData protection legislation gives individuals rights relating to the processing of their personal information. If you wish to exercise your rights, please submit a request via email to gdpr@pump.co.uk and the company will respond within 28 days. We may seek clarification as to your identity before proceeding and importantly there is no fee for this service. Your rights are:1.     Right to be informed – obligation to provide ‘fair processing information’ through privacy notices.2.     Right of access – individuals must be able to access their data to ensure that it is being processed lawfully.  3.     Right to rectification – you have a right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or completed if it is incomplete. 4.     Right to be forgotten (is not absolute and only applies in certain circumstances) – you have the right to erase all your personal data.5.     Right to Restrict processing – you have the right to request the restriction or suppression of their personal data.  This is not an absolute right and only applies in certain circumstances. 6.     Right to data portability – you have the right to have your personal data ported to yourself orto another controller in a commonly-used, structured and machine-readable format.7.     Right to object – you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of personal data. You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner – www.ico.org.uk Personal Information You Choose to ProvideRegistration informationWhen you register you will provide the following information;·        Name·        Email address·        Telephone phone number·        Billing address·        IP Address may be capturedEmail informationIf you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. What about other web sites linked to our web site;We are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from our web site or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our web site.Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another web site, our Privacy notice is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including web sites, which have a link on our website, is subject to that web site’s own rules and policies. D)     How do we process the information that you provide to us;1.     All the personal data will be processed and stored by us on your behalf within the UK or on computer servers within the European Economic Area. 2.     We will use the personal data we collect to ensure you receive prompt service and to improve your interaction with us.  3.     The data is used to manage your specific needs in relation to the customers personal care and other general enquiries.   4.     The legal basis for processing your personal data for the above purposes is mentioned in section B. (1) – (4)E)      How long do we Retain Personal Information;Email correspondence will be retained for 1 year since your last interaction with us.All other personal information will be retained for a necessary period as per our legal obligations, namely HSE (3 – 15 years) or best practice otherwise information will be retained for 7 years.F)      Recipients of your information;To the extent that it is necessary to meet our legitimate interests your data may be disclosed to; ·       Banks·       Solicitors·       HMRC·       Insurance and Pension companies·       IT Providers and Website developersG)      CookiesOur Website uses cookies, further information can be found using the link below 'Cookie Policy' H)     Notification of Changes to our Privacy Statement;We will post details of any changes to our privacy statement on this website to help make sure you are kept up to date, always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and in what circumstances, if any, we share it with other parties. This privacy statement was updated in January 2019. I)        Further Information If you require further information about the use of your data or wish to make a Rights request relating to your personal data processed by us, please contact gdpr@pump.co.uk
x
Join
Compare (1)
Top