https://www.advancedforest.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
ADVANCEDFOREST.COM PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 09/03/2019 and is effective as of that date.
Welcome to the Privacy Policy for Advanced Forest Equipment, LLC (“we” or “us” or “Advanced Forest Equipment”) website located at www.advancedforest.com (this “Website”). We appreciate your interest in this Website and other linked Advanced Forest Equipment sites. This Privacy Policy applies and is limited to treatment of information that is collected via this Website.
General and Policy Updates
Advanced Forest Equipment takes the privacy of your personal information very seriously and will use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. We may revise this Privacy Policy over time. If we make content changes, we will notify you by posting a revised Privacy Policy on our Website. Please check this Website periodically for the most current version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Website after we have provided notice of such changes as described above constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Information Collected
You may be asked to provide personal information such as your first and last name, company name, email address, phone number, fax number, and physical address.
Advanced Forest Equipment’s web servers automatically collect Website usage information from you when you visit this Website. Website usage information informs us about how our visitors use and navigate this Website, including the number and frequency of visitors on each Web Page, their Internet Protocol addresses, the length of their stays, and the actions they take. Certain pages of this Website may use “cookies” and clear graphics interchange format images (GIFs) to track and store your information for the purposes described in this policy, and to allow us to recognize you as a registered user if you return to this Website using the same computer and browser. A “cookie” is a tiny element of data that a Website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so that the Advanced Forest Equipment server can recognize when you return. You can erase or block this information from your computer if desired.
Advanced Forest Equipment may elect to use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help analyze how you use the Website. The information generated by the “cookie” about use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers owned by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. The collected data is not tied to any single individual, no individual profiles are created, and Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of “cookies” by selecting the appropriate settings on their browser; however, if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website.
Children
This Website is directed towards adults. Advanced Forest Equipment does not: (a) knowingly collect, use, or disclose information from children under the age of 13, (b) have actual knowledge that it is collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from children under 13, and (c) have actual knowledge that it is collecting personal information directly from users of another website or online service directed to children under the age of 13.
How Information Collected Is Used
Advanced Forest Equipment may combine the personal information provided with other information about you that is available to us, including information from other sources (e.g. offline data or data obtained from third parties). The ways that Advanced Forest Equipment may use your information include (a) to respond to your specific inquiries; (b) to troubleshoot any issues with respect to your use of this Website; (c) to provide you with information on Advanced Forest Equipment products and services, either on a personalized or aggregate basis; (d) to give Website editors anonymous, aggregate information that is useful for developing new features and products for our visitors and to improve the content and navigation on this Website; and (e) if you apply for a dealership.
We may share your personal information with trusted third parties such as dealers, our third-party website developer, and internal marketing administrators for the purposes described above.
We may also disclose information to respond to legal requirements or requests, enforce our policies, and protect the rights, property and safety of Advanced Forest Equipment. Such information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
We disclose information to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or third parties authorized by law, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other Website user to legal liability. In such events, we will disclose information that we believe to be relevant and necessary to the investigation or inquiry.
We may disclose your personal information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you to prevent, investigate, identify persons or organizations potentially involved in activity that appears to us to be illegal, or we believe may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose personal information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety or any person or property if we believe that the information in any way relates to that threat.
In the event we are engaged in or contemplating a merger or other corporate acquisition with another business entity, personal information may be disclosed to and would likely be acquired by the other business entity.
Ability to Choose
Advanced Forest Equipment communicates with you to provide information, products and services that you have requested. It is your choice to send us requests. Through your internet browser, you may have the option to reject this Website’s “cookies” and still use this Website. However, your access to this Website will be limited. You may always opt out of receiving marketing emails by following the instructions on the marketing email.
Security
Advanced Forest Equipment utilizes reasonable security measures designed to secure your information. Servers where personal information is stored are password and firewall-protected, and access is limited to those employees and independent contractors with a need to know and only for the purposes identified above. We maintain safeguards intended to protect the security, integrity, and privacy of these servers and of your personal information. While we have implemented reasonable security measures to safeguard personal information, please keep in mind that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
Third party links
There may be third party websites that you may link to from this Website. For example, we allow you to link to Facebook, Instagram and various other social media sites from this Website; however, Advanced Forest Equipment has no control over these linked websites and they each have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Advanced Forest Equipment. Social media websites may track your browsing activity across this Website as well as across other sites you visit. Advanced Forest Equipment has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. These linked websites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk.
Contact Information
Advanced Forest Equipment has procedures to help you make sure that your information is accurate, current and complete. If you desire to correct any such information or if you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
© 2019 Advanced Forest Equipment ®, LLC. All Rights Reserved.