https://www.tecscrn.com/legal-and-misc/privacy-policy/
North America: 1-800-471-8471
Facebook
Facebook
GET A QUOTE
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously…
This privacy policy sets out how Tec Scrn uses and protects any information that you give Halftone Pixel when you use this website. Tec Scrn is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Tec Scrn may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 1st of January, 2012.
What we collect.
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under PIPEDA (Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act). A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
MENU
Products
Tec Scrn Product Lines
Pharma & Food
Centre Discharge Separator
Circular Vibrating Separator
G-Max Separator
Circular Vibrating Screens
Pleated Screens
Modular Screens
Drive Tables
Glide Lineal Feeder
Parts
Aftermarket Parts
Aftermarket Screens
Custom Manufacturing
About Custom Manufacturing
Custom Fabricated Machines
Custom Fabricated Parts
Custom Manufactured Screens
Quality
Tec Scrn Quality
Quality Control
Lab Testing
Materials
Service
Customer Service
Shipping
3 Reasons to Choose Tec Scrn
Gallery
Industries
Agriculture
Biofuel
Cannabis
Ceramic
Chemical
Food and Beverage
Laundry and Textiles
Mining & Mineral
Pharmaceutical
Plastics
Powder Coating
Recycling
Shot Peening
Waste Water
About Us
Contact
Home