http://www.containersolutions.net/privacy-policy
Home
About
Rent
Buy
Modify
Call Us
Online Quote
Privacy Policy At Container Solutions, we understand some of your personal information is sensitive in nature and you may have concerns about sharing this personal information with us. However, if you choose to interact or share your information with us, we will protect your privacy in the ways listed in this policy. This policy may change from time to time so please check back for changes. Please Contact us if you have any questions.  The Information We Collect:When you request information from Container Solutions, we often request information including the name of your business, names of authorized users from your business, your address, phone number, fax number and email address. Currently, we need your mailing address. We gather this information at the quote request level in order for us to provide you with a formal quote that can be used to makes your purchasing decision. All of this information is typically not required and therefore you are not required to give us all of this information. The only required information is typically email address and delivery city or zip code. All credit card and bank information will be stored in a PCI compliant software system. All information will be private and protected. Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.   How We Share Information:We are always trying to provide you with a valuable online experience and the best pricing and quality in portable storage and shipping container purchasing, renting, and leasing. We reserve the right to release information to Container Solutions members. We have selected these members all of which agree to follow the Container Solutions Code of Ethics. We reserve the right to release information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or member when that visitor or member is in violation of any terms of service or other published guidelines, or participates (or is reasonably suspected of participating) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such information in response to discovery requests. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution.   Receiving Email:Container Solutions will contact you by email when you register and to respond to any questions you may send us via email. If you are an existing customer, or a registered user, we also send you email communications to provide information which we think you will find useful, including announcements about new products and services from us. We use your email address in the foregoing manner until you explicitly unsubscribe.   System Generated Email:If you elect to use our web site to submit a request for quote or other information, you will receive confirmation emails from us. We consider System Generated Emails like this as solicited and not covered under our opt-out option.   Your Consent:By using this website and the services available to you on our site, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of our policies.   Refund Policy:Refunds are accepted for units that have not been picked up with a 20% restocking fee. For products already delivered, the buyer shall pay return shipping fees to nearest Container Solutions depot facility.   Shipping Policy:Products without shipping charges related are FOB at customer site or delivered with tilt bed truck to customer site. Products, which are to be picked up by customer, are to be picked up within 10 working days after the buyer receives release of equipment. After 10 days buyer is to pay storage fees of $.75 per day per TEU.