https://www.shurtape.com/about/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting this web site (“Site”) owned and operated by or on behalf of Shurtape Technologies, LLC (“Shurtape”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains and governs Shurtape’s practices and procedures for the collection and use of personal information it collects on or through the Site. By using the Site and providing personal information to us, you consent to the data practices described in this Policy. If you do not consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy, do not use the Site or submit any personal information to us through the Site. Please contact us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section below if you have any questions or would like additional information. We may update this Policy at any time, so please check this Policy periodically for changes and updates. Your continued use of the Site after posting of any such changes will constitute your consent to and acceptance of the revised Policy.Collection of your Personal InformationShurtape collects personally identifiable information (“personal information”), understood to mean information that indentifies you personally alone or in combination with other information available to us, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number, through certain areas of the Site. On certain areas of the Site, only persons who provide us the required personal information will be able to purchase, license and/or apply for products, programs and services and/or otherwise participate in the Site’s activities or offerings (collectively, “Products”). Shurtape also collects information regarding your use of the Site. In addition to personal information, Shurtape collects and aggregates anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zip code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites, as well as non-personalized Site usage, measurement and other analytical data and information automatically sent by your web browser about your computer hardware and software (e.g., IP address, browser type, domain name, access time and referring Web site address), all of which is outside the scope of this Policy not subject to any restrictions or limitation set forth herein.  Shurtape reserves all rights to use de-identified and non-personal information and data for any and all purposes in its discretion. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personal or otherwise sensitive information through Shurtape public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. You are solely responsible for any such third party activities.Shurtape retains the personal information collected on the Site as long as necessary to provide Products and information you request to you and thereafter as reasonably required for its business purposes and as permitted by law.Linked Sites PrivacyOur Site may contain information and links to other web sites (“Linked Sites”) that are not owned and operated by Shurtape. Shurtape encourages you to review the privacy statements of the Linked Sites you choose to link to from Shurtape so that you can understand how those web sites collect, use and share your information. Shurtape does not control these Linked Sites and is not responsible for their privacy practices.Use of your Personal InformationShurtape uses your personal information to operate and administer the Site and deliver the Products you have requested, to inform you of other products or services available from Shurtape and its affiliates, for any purposes described at the point of collection, and as otherwise described in this Policy. Shurtape may also use and disclose your personal information as required and/or permitted pursuant to all laws, rules and regulations.  Shurtape may also contact you to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered through surveys or other means.Shurtape does not sell, rent or lease customer lists to third parties. Shurtape may, from time to time, use your personal information to contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In such cases, your personal information is not transferred to the third party without your express permission.Information collected by Shurtape regarding your use of the Site may be used in order to determine what Shurtape services are the most popular. This data may be also be used to deliver customized content and advertising within Shurtape to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Sharing Personal InformationShurtape does not disclose your personal information to third parties unless (i) you expressly authorize us to do so, (ii) Shurtape is permitted or required to do so by law, (iii) such disclosure is expressly permitted in this Policy, or (iv) such action is reasonably necessary to protect and defend the rights and property of Shurtape or to protect the personal safety of Shurtape, its users or the public.Shurtape may share your personal information with other Shurtape business units. When we do so, these other Shurtape business units will use your information in a manner consistent with the purposes for which it was originally collected (or to which you subsequently consented) and only as permitted under this Policy and all applicable privacy and data protection laws.Shurtape may also share your personal information with third parties we hire to perform support services for us. These third parties are required to use the personal information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf and to treat your personal information as strictly confidential.In some cases, Shurtape may share your personal information with third parties who partner with us to provide products and services to our customers. When we do so, we will require our business partners to use the personal information we share with them in a manner consistent with the purposes for which it was originally collected (or to which you subsequently consented) and only as permitted under this Policy and all applicable privacy and data protection laws.Use of CookiesThe Site uses “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Shurtape pages, or register with the Shurtape Site or for any Products, a cookie helps Shurtape to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Shurtape features that you customized.The information Shurtape receives depends on the settings on your web browser. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Site or the Products available through the Site.Security of your Personal InformationWe take reasonable steps to protect your personal information, consistent with any applicable legal requirements. For example, when personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. You acknowledge, however, that no digital transmission of data over the Internet or otherwise can be guaranteed to be 100-percent secure, despite our efforts. Thus, we cannot and do not guarantee that such information will not be intercepted by third parties.Changes to this StatementShurtape reserves the right to update or modify this policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy on the Site. If Shurtape modifies this Policy, the modifications will only apply to the personal information collected after the revised policy has been posted to the Site unless you agree otherwise.Contact InformationShurtape welcomes your comments and questions regarding this Statement of Privacy. You may contact us by email at custservice@shurtape.com, or, if in the United States, by calling Toll Free: 1-888-442-8273 (TAPE). Last Updated: July 15, 2015