http://www.iigcc.org/privacy-cookie-policy/
toggle menu
Skip to content
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy
For the purpose of this privacy policy “IIGCC” or “we” or “us” shall mean Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change Ltd and their affiliates and its or their partners, members, directors, officers and employees as the context requires.
This policy forms part of the terms and conditions available on this website (the “Site”) and sets out the basis on which any personal data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully. Your visit to this Site is subject to this Privacy Policy. By visiting the Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy, which may be updated by us at any time. If you do not agree with it, please do not continue to access the Site.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide us
To obtain access to certain information or materials provided on the Site, you may have to provide information that we collect and store in a way that allows us to relate it to you personally, such as your name, position, employer, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number and fax number. We refer to such information as personally identifiable information. By providing personally identifiable information to us, you consent to its use as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Information we collect through technology
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration purposes and to gather statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, which does not identify any individual.
This Site may also use cookies to distinguish you from other users of the Site. Cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Site and also allows us to improve the Site. By accessing the Site, you consent to our use of cookies in this way. Using the settings of your internet browser, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. Consult your browser “Help” menu for information on how to modify your cookies. If you choose to turn off cookies, you may not have access to some features that make your browsing of the Site smoother, and some of our services may not function properly. You may at any time delete any cookies set by using the relevant option of your internet browser or by deleting the cookies on your hard drive.
We may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouseovers), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may use this non-personally identifiable information to measure Site activity and to improve the Site.
Cookies
A list of the cookies used in the Site, their names, type and purpose is set out below:
Cookie name: -utma
Source: Google Analytics
Type: persistent
Purpose: These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Further information: Click here for Google’s privacy policy in respect of Google Analytics http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html. You may opt out of tracking by Google Analytics by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
Cookie name: -cookie_notice_accepted
Source: http://www.iigcc.org
Type: persistent
Purpose: These cookies are used to confirm you agree to our cookies policy.
Cookie name: wordpress_logged_in_8cbe54401925532e85145ae267d81b40
Source: http://www.iigcc.org
Type: session
Purpose: These cookies are used to recognise you are logged into our site. Several pages on the site require a login to access the information. This cookie stores that you have logged in, so you do not need to sign in each time you view the page.
Uses made of the information
How non-personally identifiable information we collect about you is used
Non-personally identifiable information is information that does not personally identify you, including anonymous information and aggregate data. We may use this information to understand better how our visitors use the Site, research our visitors’ demographics, interest, and behaviour, improve the Site, provide visitors with customised services and information, and for other similar purposes. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information. We may share this non-personally identifiable information with others for information, promotional or other purposes permitted by law.
The Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Last updated: March 2019
Follow us
IIGCC
Adam House
7-10 Adam Street
The Strand
London, WC2N 6AA
© 2020 Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change Ltd. All Rights Reserved
|Privacy & Cookie Policy|Terms of Use|Company Registration No: 7921860
Site by Jory & Co
Trigger Top 50
Trigger Top 70
Trigger Top 100
About us
Our work
Become a member
Resources
Events
News
Contact us
Members login
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you accept their use.YES, I ACCEPT COOKIES