http://www.rowehankins.com/cookie-policy
Rowe Hankins Ltd. Cookie Policy
About this cookie policyThis Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies, and how that information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our Privacy Policy.You can change or withdraw your consent at any time from the Cookie Declaration on our website.Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy.Your consent applies to the following domains: www.rowehankins.comWhat are cookies?Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us to make the website function properly, make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and  analyse what is working correctly and where needs improvement.How do we use cookies?As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data.The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience by speeding up your future interactions with our website.
What types of cookies do we use?The cookies used on our website are grouped into the following categories:Necessary cookiesThese cookies are necessary to enable the basic features of this site to function. The cookies do not collect or store any personal data.Analytic cookiesThese cookies allow us to analyse your use of the site to evaluate and improve our performance. They may also be used to provide a better customer experience on this site.CookieTypeDurationDescription_ga02 yearsThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, camapign data and keep track of site usage for the site’s analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randoly generated number to identify unique visitors._gat_gtag_G-BGX9KK28H001 minuteGoogle uses this cookie to distinguish users._gid01 dayThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.How can I control my cookie preferences?You can manage your cookies preferences by clicking on the “Cookie Settings” icon button (bottom left) and enabling or disabling the cookie categories on the popup according to your preferences.Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing session, you can click on the “Cookie Settings” icon button (bottom left). This will display the consent notice again enabling you to change your preferences or withdraw your consent entirely.In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking Accept you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Settings to manage your preferences.
Read our privacy policy.
ACCEPT
REJECT
SETTINGS
COOKIE SETTINGS
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Analytics
Cookie Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorised as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyse and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Analytics
These cookies allow us to analyse your use of the site to evaluate and improve our performance. They may also be used to provide a better customer experience on this site.
To read more about the analytics cookies we use, please visit our Cookie Policy.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
To find out more about cookies on Rowe Hankins, please visit our Cookie Policy
ENABLE ALL
SAVE CHANGES