http://www.trudellhs.com/terms-use
Skip to main content
Terms of Use
Revised: January 29, 2015
GENERAL
You may not access, browse, or otherwise use our web site unless you agree to the Terms of Use without limitation or qualification.
Use of this web site is not authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to our terms of use.
We reserve the right to make changes from time to time to the content of this web site, and to the Terms of Use, without prior notification to anyone. Please ensure that you review these Terms of Use each time you visit our web site.
PRODUCTS SHOWN ON THIS WEB SITE
Although this web site is accessible by users outside of Canada, this web site is intended for access and use by residents of Canada only. The products featured on this web site are only available for sale in Canada or, in some limited cases, in certain Canadian provinces only. You should contact our Customer Service department for information regarding which products are available in your province. For information regarding the availability of any products outside of Canada, you should contact the manufacturer of the product(s) to obtain the name of the manufacturer's distributor or agent for the products in your jurisdiction.
The terms and conditions governing the sale of the products featured on our web site consist only of those terms and conditions set out in a written agreement signed by us and the customer or terms and conditions as set out in our order acceptance and confirmation, including any standard terms and conditions of sale accompanying or referenced in the order acceptance and confirmation. Nothing in this web site, including, without limitation, any statements regarding capacity, suitability for use, or performance, is to be construed as a representation, warranty, or condition by us with regards to any of the products for any purpose whatsoever.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADE-MARKS
All content of this web site, including its design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof, is owned or controlled by us and is protected by international copyright laws. You may download and reproduce the content of this web site only for your internal, non-commercial use only, provided you attach the Terms of Use to your copy and keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. The content of this web site may otherwise not be downloaded, copied, stored in machine readable form, reproduced, disseminated, adapted, modified or otherwise used, without first obtaining our written permission.
The trade-marks, trade names, and trade dress shown on our web site are owned by us, or used by us with the owner's permission, and may only be used to identify the products or services as shown on this web site. No other use may be made without written permission from the owner.
LOGIN IDS AND PASSWORDS
Access to certain portions of our web site may require a login ID and password. All login IDs and passwords remain our property. You must keep your login ID and password confidential and not disclose them to any third party or permit any third party to use them unless such disclosure or use is authorized by us in writing. You are responsible for taking reasonable precautions to maintain the secrecy of your login ID and password.
Notwithstanding that we may have provided you with a login ID and/or password to access restricted areas of our web site, we may, at any time and for any reason and in our sole discretion, immediately suspend or terminate, in whole or in part, your login ID and password without any prior notice or liability to you or others.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Subject to the Privacy Policy and except as expressly otherwise provided for in our web site, or in a written agreement signed by you and us, any electronic communication, or other communication, transmitted by you to us either through our web site or otherwise will be received by us on a NON-CONFIDENTIAL BASIS. We will be entitled to the free and unrestricted use of the content of your communication for any purpose, commercial or otherwise.
We make no representation, warranty, or condition whatsoever with respect to the privacy of the content of your communication transmitted to us over the Internet (i.e. e-mail). The content of any communication transmitted by you to us through our web site is transmitted without encryption. In other words, the content is not converted into encoded text but instead is sent in the same form as submitted by you on our web site. Although it is unlikely that a third party will intercept the communication, there is always a possibility of that occurring.
DISCLAIMER / LIMITATION OF DAMAGES
We make no representations or warranties with respect to the currency, completeness, or suitability for any purpose of the content of this web site. The content from or through this web site is provided "AS IS", as available, and all warranties and conditions, express or implied, are disclaimed, including, without limitation, any implied warranties and conditions of merchantable quality, durability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We assume no liability for any damages or injuries resulting from your access to, browsing, or other use of this web site, or any hyperlinked web site, including, without limitation, any liability for any damages caused by viruses contained within the electronic files at this web site or any hyperlinked web site.
In no event will we be liable to you or others for direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, including, without limitation, loss profits, business interruption, and loss of data, resulting from your access to, browsing, or other use of this web site or any hyperlinked web site.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
This web site may contain links or pointers to other web sites. The links and pointers do not constitute endorsements of any products or services in any of the web sites, and no content of any of the web sites is endorsed or approved by us. Your use of third party links provided for under this web site is "at your sole risk".
LAW APPLICABLE TO DISPUTES
Our web site is controlled and operated within the province of Ontario, Canada. You confirm that your agreement to the Terms of Use was made in London, Ontario, and therefore the validity, interpretation, and enforcement of these Terms of Use, and your and our rights and liabilities, will be governed by Ontario local domestic law. You hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Ontario Courts with regard to all disputes of any nature whatsoever arising out of or relating to your access to, browsing of, or other use of this web site.
If any portion of these Terms of Use is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalid or unenforceable portion(s) will be deemed severed and the remaining portions will continue in force and all rights and remedies accrued under the valid and enforceable portions will survive the declaration.
AboutOur TeamNewsOur HistoryQuality AssuranceProductsServiceCareersPartnersContact