http://www.beccontrols.com/privacy-policy.html
Loading...
HomeAbout UsMy AccountView CartContact UsManuals/Technical
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
Checkout
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
BEC Controls Corp. - Privacy Policy
Last updated: September 7, 2011
Security Statement
When you log on to BECcontrols.com, we respect your privacy. BECcontrols.com uses the information you provide us to help personalize product information and offers. We only use your name and address information to mail you promotional items, news and offers.
We will never give or sell your user information or email address to anyone without your consent.
Email Privacy Matters
We use your email address only to send you information and updates about BECcontrols.com. On your registration form you may select whether or not you want to receive emails from us. You can unsubscribe at any time you wish to be taken off the BECcontrols.com emailing list.
Cookies and Your Computer
Like most e-commerce websites, we use "cookie" technology. A cookie is a very small text file that a website can save onto your computer's hard disk to store your information and settings. When you log on, the cookie tells us whether you have visited us before or are a new visitor. It doesn't track any personal information, give us the means to contact you, extract information from your computer or deliver viruses. Furthermore, your address or credit card information is never stored in a cookie. Cookies are simply the most efficient way for us to be able to offer you an enjoyable online shopping environment.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Any information you provide to us at this site when you establish or update an account, enter a contest, shop online or request information (i.e. name, address, email address, telephone number and credit card information), is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. This information is used to enable BECcontrols.com to deliver services and information about our products to you.
To ensure compliance with federal law, BECcontrols.com does not maintain information provided by children under the age of 16. If you are visiting BECcontrols.com from a location outside of the U.S., your connection will be through and to servers located in the U.S. Your orders placed through BECcontrols.com will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the U.S. and all information you provide will be securely maintained in our Web server and internal systems located within the U.S.
Security
BECcontrols.com believes in providing a safe and secure shopping experience for all of our clients. We provide stringent and effective security measures on our Website.
It is our policy to never send private information, such as your credit card number, via email. In fact, this is a practice we recommend you adopt in all of your Internet activities.
We designed BECcontrols.com to accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology; for example, 3.0 versions or higher of Netscape Navigator and versions 3.02 or higher of Internet Explorer. This means you'll be unable to inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection.
Third-Party Ad-Servers
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel .gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
Products
Pressure and Vacuum Transmitters
Air Pressure Proving Switches
Gauge Isolators and Protectors
Military Applications
All Products
My account
Sign in / Register
Orders
Privacy policy
Track my order(s):Track my order(s):
Information
About our company
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Tech Tips
Terms & Conditions
Manuals and Technical Information
Search:
- All categories -
Pressure and Vacuum Transmitters
Air Pressure Proving Switches
Gauge Isolators and Protectors
Military Applications
All Products
© -2020 BEC Controls Corp..