https://www.paydayuk.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Who we are?Payday UK is a registered trading name of Payday Loans Ltd who are an introducer appointed representative of Flux Funding Limited, who are a credit broker, not a lender. Registered in England and Wales (Company number 12430457 / FRN 921539). Licenced by the Information Commissioners Office, (registration number ZA654345). Registered Office: Payday Loans Limited, The Charter Building, Charter Place, Uxbridge, UB8 1JG. Flux Funding is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is entered on the Financial Services Register under reference number: 806333.What is the purpose of a Privacy Policy?This privacy policy was written to give users of this website a clear explanation of the information that we will ask you to provide, how we will use that information and who we will share it with. It is important that you read and understand this privacy policy, along with our Terms and Conditions before using this website.When using this website, you may be redirected to the website of one of our partners. It is important that you read the privacy policy on their site as we will not be responsible for how they use your personal information.What type of information is collected?Personal information in the context of this privacy policy is the information that you provide that can be used to identify you. This may include, but is not limited to, contact details, date of birth, address, bank details and IP address.Lawful basis for collecting your data.Flux Funding is a credit broker and when you use one of our websites to search for a personal loan, we will use the information that you provide in a number of ways.We will share your information with a panel of lenders and brokers to assist you in finding the financial services product that you are looking for.In order for us to process your data, we have to have a lawful basis to do so.Legitimate interests: the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect your personal data which overrides those legitimate interests.Our ServiceAs part of the service that we provide, we may contact you regarding your search for the product or service that you have asked us to help you with unless you have requested that we do not do so.In addition, we may also send you information regarding related products or services using the contact information that you supplied to us as part of your application. This is an essential part of the service that we provide to you and you can opt-out of this at any time using the contact details belowThe basis in which we are able to contact you is called ‘soft opt-in’, which applies when you have previously entered information on our websites and provided your information to us. This is useful for the majority of customers as it enables us to share related products and services similar to which you had requested previously. Again, you can opt of this at any time using the contact details belowMarketingFlux Funding will never share your data with third parties for marketing purposes. We will only contact you as a result of a request for information or for the purposes highlighted elsewhere in this privacy policy.How will you use my personal information?To enable us to fulfil our role as a credit broker, we will share your information with lender and broker partners who are authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.The information that we share will include some or all of the information that you have provided as part of your application. This will include personal data such as name, address, DOB, contact information, employment information, bank account, and details of your financial status.As part of our service, we may profile your personal information. This enables us to share advertisements regarding relevant products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. These advertisements may be presented to you on such platforms as Google and Facebook or similar platforms.You can opt-out of receiving such advertisements using the contact details belowWe may use your technical data such as IP address and cookies to assist in the improvement of our website.Who will you share my information with?To enable Flux Funding to assist you in finding the financial product or service that you have requested, we will need to share your information with lenders and brokers who are authorised and regulated by The Financial Conduct Authority. We may also share your information with companies who assist us in providing our service to you, such as telecommunication companies (for email and SMS communication) and advertising networks such as Facebook and Google.Our partners, with whom we share your information, may use it for their legitimate business interests to match applications, carry out fraud checks, carry out research such as analysis of market trends and customer demographics and to customise and develop the product/service which they offer to you or other individuals in the future.As part of your application for a loan, we will share your personal data with Monevo Limited (a regulated credit broker) who will then share your data with the members of its lender panel to try and find you a loan. Monevo may also share your personal data with TransUnion (formerly Callcredit) & other credit bureaus for the purposes of matching you to a lender. Full information as to how they process your personal data and your rights can be found hereWe may also share your information with the following companies as well as directly with lenders with whom we feel may be able to assist you as part of your application for a loanTFLI Limited, trading as Light Finance Privacy Policy Leadtree Global Privacy Policy Stop go networks Privacy Policy Mindflow Marketing Limited Privacy Policy Nouveau Finance Limited Privacy Policy T Dot UK Limited Privacy PolicyFor a comprehensive list of third parties with whom we may share your data you can request this via the contact information belowHow long will you store my personal information?We will keep your personal details for no longer than 12 months from the date you last used our service unless you ask us to delete it sooner. If you ask us to delete your personal information, please note that it may remain on our backup servers for legal or other regulatory reasons.What are my rights?The General Data Protection Regulation provides the following rights to individuals.The right to be informed You have a right to be informed about how your personal data is processed in a concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible manner, written in clear and plain language, that is free of charge. This is the purpose of this Privacy Policy.The right of access You have the right to obtain confirmation that your data is being processed and to have access to that personal data. You can request this using the contact details below.The right to rectification You have the right to have your personal data rectified if it is incorrect or incomplete and we must notify any third parties that have been shared your data to do the same. You can request this using the contact details below.The right to erasure You have a “right to be forgotten”, or to have your personal data erased and to prevent processing. The right is not absolute and in certain circumstances, this may not be possible. You can request this using the contact details below.The right to restrict processing You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal data. This does not stop the storing of your personal data, as it may be required to restrict processing in the future. You can request this using the contact details below.The right to data portability You have the right to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services in a safe and secure way, without hindrance to usability. You can request this using the contact details below.The right to object You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the public interest/exercise of official authority (including profiling); direct marketing (including profiling); and processing for purposes of scientific/historical research and statistics. You can request this via the contact details below.Rights in relation to automated decision making and profilingYou have a right to object to automated decision making, to express your point of view, ask for human intervention, and to be provided with an explanation of the decision with your option to challenge it. The right is not absolute and is not applicable for the entering into a consumer credit agreement. You can request this using the contact details below.The right to withdraw consent If you have given us explicit consent to process your personal data you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time, including but not limited to the removal of consent to be contacted by third-party marketers. You can request this using the contact details below.The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority You have the right to lodge a complaint with us directly and/or with a supervisory authority. In the UK the relevant authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). You can find their contact details here:https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/ For further information in relation to your rights visit www.ico.org.uk Do you use cookies? Flux funding uses “Essential,” “Functionality,” and “Marketing” cookies. Flux Funding may use all or a combination of all three categories of cookies. You can find out more about each cookie category below.Essential Cookies. These cookies enable you to move around the website and use its features.Functionality Cookies. These cookies are used to help improve the website experience. The cookies are placed when a user first visits the website and they track the user through the website, monitoring where they navigate to or where they drop out of the process.Marketing – we use third parties to help provide customised advertising and other content to visitors to our website. So that we can offer you the best possible online experience, new services using cookies may be added to our site from time to time. We aim to keep the cookies information provided here as accurate as possible and use all reasonable efforts to review and update the details.For further information please read our Cookie Policy.How do you keep my data secure?Your security and privacy come first in everything we do. We utilise the most advanced security infrastructure and measures to ensure your data is private. All personal data is stored on dedicated servers with high levels of encryption. All companies with which we share your information has to display that they have high levels of data security in place before we will share any information with them.Will you transfer my personal data to a country outside the European Economic Area (EEA)?We may transfer your personal data to a country outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) if the 3rd party lender or broker is based outside the EEA. The safety and security of your personal data are of the utmost importance to us and we have taken all necessary precautions to ensure your data is protected to the same level as within the EEA.How do I complain?If you have a complaint, we would like to hear from you.You can contact us using the information below:Post: Payday UK complaints, Payday Loans Limited, The Charter Building, Charter Place, Uxbridge, UB8 1JGEmail: complaints@paydayuk.co.ukPlease see our complaints policy for further informationHow do I contact you?If you wish to contact us, you can do so in a number of ways:Telephone: 0800 302 9409 Email: customerservice@paydayuk.co.uk Post: Payday Loans Limited, The Charter Building, Charter Place, Uxbridge, UB8 1JGUpdated 16th December 2019