https://www.marilake.co.uk/privacy-and-cookie-policy/
Welcome
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Marilake Aero Systems is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information, perhaps during the online quote process or online payment process or by any other means by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Marilake Aero Systems  may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 20th June 2014.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
Name.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode.
Other information relevant to customer service, quotes etc.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We may use the information to improve our products and service.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products or special offers.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive, the cookie helps analyse web traffic or allows web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of our websites.
We are not in control of the delivery of cookies from service providers such as Google Analytics and YouTube. Any comments or questions that you may have should be raised with the originator of those cookies.
Your use of this site is taken as consent to the placing of cookies on your system. If you disagree, please take the following action (for technical support please contact your IT support technician.)
Close this website
Use your web browser’s tools to “delete your cache”
Quit your browser
You can then choose to disallow cookies from this website via browser settings
If you continue without changing your settings, we’ll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies from our website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@marilake.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email info@marilake.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Select LanguageContact Us Tel: +44 (0)1202 863 747
sales@marilake.com
enquiries@marilake.com
Latest News & Events
Marilake Enhances Galley Business
Marilake Aerosystems adds Galley Equipment
Christmas 2019 Openening Hours
MRO Europe 2019
MRO Europe, Amsterdam from 16 to 18 October 2018
News Archive News Archive
Select Month
December 2020
June 2020
December 2019
September 2019
July 2018
June 2017
October 2016
February 2016
June 2015
January 2015
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
June 2014
May 2014
Connect With Us
Copyright © 2014 Marilake
Aero Systems  |  Civil and Military Avionics & Instrument Repairs
|  Cookies
|  Sitemap
|  Site
by IOW Geek
Back to Top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By clicking OK you confirm you agree to this, alternatively click read more to view our privacy policy.OKRead More