http://www.dicecorp.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
DICE Corporation respects your privacy. Information collected by this site is handled with respect and care. This information is used improve content, determine product offerings, and provide targeted advertising. We will only use this information to better serve you and never sell it to third parties.
When is information collected?
We collect information site usage statistics when you visit pages and collect personal information when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form.
What information do we collect?
We collect site usage statistics when you visit pages. We also collect personal information such as your name, email address, mailing address, or phone number when you subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, or fill out a form. We will never ask for sensitive information like credit card or social security numbers.
What do we use your information for?
Information we collect may be used for the following purposes:
Personalizing your experienceInformation you volunteer helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
Improving our websiteFeedback we receive helps us improve the content and navigation of our site.
Improving customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more effectively and efficiently.
Sending newsletters
When you sign up for our newsletter, you provide your email address. Your email address will only be used to send you the requested newsletter. Detailed unsubscribe instructions are provided at the bottom of each newsletter.
How is your information protected?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies? (Last updated: March 16, 2020)
DICE Corporation (“DICE,” “us,” “we,” or “our”) uses cookies on dicecorp.com (the “Service”). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you. Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies.
How DICE uses cookies When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser. We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Service, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising. We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Third-party cookies In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies? If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can you find more information about cookies? You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?’
No. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
We may provide links to third party websites. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We take no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy
Protection Act ComplianceWe comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Therefore, we will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children
This site does not intentionally or knowingly collect information from children. Any information found to be submitted by children will be promptly deleted.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please visit our Terms and Conditions page that establishes the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Consent
By using this site, you consent to this privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
If we change this privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Subscribe Today To Receive Our Latest Product And Service Updates
First Name *Last Name *Email *Industry *Select list(s) to subscribe toDICE Subscription Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from DICE Corporation. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: DICE Corporation, 1410 South Valley Center Drive, Bay City, MI, 48706, https://dicecorp.net. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
1410 South Valley Center Drive Bay City, MI 48706 USA 1-800-RUN-DICE (1-800-786-3423) 1-989-891-2800 | International 989-891-2801 | Fax
Follow DICE
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2020 DICE Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. Do not sell my personal information.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.