https://www.pafcu.org/information-desk/privacy-policy.php
Click here for more information and updates about COVID-19.
- Privacy Policy
Because we value your membership, the following are the policies and practices of People's Alliance Federal Credit Union in relation to governing and protecting your privacy.
People's Alliance Federal Credit Union Privacy Notice
FACTS - What Does People's Alliance Federal Credit Union (PAFCU) Do With Your Personal Information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives the consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members' personal information; the reasons PAFCU chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does PAFCU share?
Can you limit this sharing?
To limit our sharing
Call (631) 434-3500 — our menu will prompt you through your choice(s) or visit us online: www.pafcu.org
Please Note:
If you are a new member, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions? Call (631) 434-3500
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or to report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
YES
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
NO
WE DON'T SHARE
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes information about your creditworthiness
NO
WE DON'T SHARE
For nonaffiliates to market to you
NO
WE DON'T SHARE
What we do
How does PAFCU protect my personal information?
To protect your information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards, secured files and buildings, internal controls, and staff training.
How does PAFCU collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
give us your contact information
apply for a lease
provide employment information
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
Definitions
Other important information
PAFCU recognizes its responsibility to protect children's privacy and online safety. PAFCU's website is not directed to children and does not collect or retain individually
identifiable information about children under the age of 13.
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
PAFCU has no affiliates
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
PAFCU does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between non-affiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include: insurance companies and financial planners, car leasing companies, mortgage companies.
The privacy policies and practices of People's Alliance Federal Credit Union are subject to change. If this should be the case, you will be notified prior to any changes being made.
Your browser does not support video. Please upgrade it.