https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/96530081/full-legal
Privacy Policy of cdesignfashion.com
Cdesignfashion.com collects some Personal Data from its Users.
This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.
Owner and Data Controller
C-DESIGN 29 rue Notre-Dame-de-Nazareth - 75003 Paris (France)
Owner contact email: privacy@cdesignfashion.com
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that cdesignfashion.com collects, by itself or through third parties, there are:
Cookies; Usage Data; first name; last name; phone number; company name; profession; country; state; email address; city; various types of Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using cdesignfashion.com.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by cdesignfashion.com is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for cdesignfashion.com to provide its services. In cases where cdesignfashion.com specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by cdesignfashion.com or by the owners of third-party services used by cdesignfashion.com serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through cdesignfashion.com and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of cdesignfashion.com (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of
this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following:
Analytics, Contacting the User, User database management, Managing contacts and sending messages, SPAM protection, Tag Management, Handling payments and Data transfer outside the EU.
For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of cdesignfashion.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy – Opt Out;
Ireland
–
Privacy Policy.
HubSpot Analytics (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot Analytics is an analytics service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy – Opt Out .
LinkedIn conversion tracking (LinkedIn Corporation)
LinkedIn conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by LinkedIn Corporation that connects data from the LinkedIn advertising network with actions performed on cdesignfashion.com.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Analytics collected directly (cdesignfashion.com)
Cdesignfashion.com uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Contacting the User
Contact form (cdesignfashion.com)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes cdesignfashion.com to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data processed: city; company name; country; email address; first name; last name; phone number; profession; state.
Phone contact (cdesignfashion.com)
Users that provided their phone number might be contacted for commercial or promotional purposes related to cdesignfashion.com, as well as for fulfilling support requests.
Personal Data processed: phone number.
Data transfer outside the EU
The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the EU to third countries (i.e. any country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a specific legal basis. Any such Data transfer is based on one of the legal bases described below.
Users can inquire with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service.
Data transfer abroad based on consent (cdesignfashion.com)
If this is the legal basis, Personal Data of Users shall be transferred from the EU to third countries only if the User has explicitly consented to such transfer, after having been informed of the possible risks due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards.
In such cases, the Owner shall inform Users appropriately and collect their explicit consent via cdesignfashion.com.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses (cdesignfashion.com)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out by the Owner according to “standard contractual clauses” provided by the European Commission.
This means that Data recipients have committed to process Personal Data in compliance with the data protection standards set forth by EU data protection legislation. For further information, Users are requested to contact the Owner through the contact details provided in the present document.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Data transfer from the EU and/or Switzerland to the U.S based on Privacy Shield (cdesignfashion.com)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU or Switzerland to the US is carried out according to the EU - U.S. and Swiss - U.S. Privacy Shield.
In particular, Personal Data is transferred to services that self-certify under the Privacy Shield framework and therefore guarantee an adequate level of protection of such transferred Data. All services are listed within the relevant section of this document and those that adhere to Privacy Shield can be singled out by checking their privacy policy and possibly also by specifically checking for Privacy Shield adherence in the official Privacy Shield List.
Privacy Shield also specifically guarantees rights to Users which can be found in its most current form on the website run by the US Department of Commerce.
Personal Data may be transferred from within the EU or Switzerland to the U.S. to services that are not, or not anymore, part of Privacy Shield, only based on other valid legal grounds. Users can ask the Owner to learn about such legal grounds.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Data transfer to countries that guarantee European standards (cdesignfashion.com)
If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out according to an adequacy decision of the European Commission.
The European Commission adopts adequacy decisions for specific countries whenever it considers that country to possess and provide Personal Data protection standards comparable to those set forth by EU data protection legislation. Users can find an updated list of all adequacy decisions issued on the European Commission's website.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Other legal basis for Data transfer abroad (cdesignfashion.com)
If no other legal basis applies, Personal Data shall be transferred from the EU to third countries only if at least one of the following conditions is met:
the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between the User and the Owner or of pre-contractual measures taken at the User’s request;
the transfer is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract concluded in the interest of the User between the Owner and another natural or legal person;
the transfer is necessary for important reasons of public interest;
the transfer is necessary for establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims;
the transfer is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of other persons, where the data subject is physically or legally incapable of giving consent.
In such cases, the Owner shall inform the User about the legal bases the transfer is based on via cdesignfashion.com.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data.
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable cdesignfashion.com to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, cdesignfashion.com shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
PayPal (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:
See the PayPal privacy policy
–
Privacy Policy.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
HubSpot Email (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot Email is an email address management and message sending service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Mailchimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
Personal Data processed: company name; Cookies; country; email address; first name; last name; phone number.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
SPAM protection
This type of service analyzes the traffic of cdesignfashion.com, potentially containing Users' Personal Data, with the purpose of filtering it from parts of traffic, messages and content that are recognized as SPAM.
Google reCAPTCHA (Google Inc.)
Google reCAPTCHA is a SPAM protection service provided by Google Inc.
The use of reCAPTCHA is subject to the Google privacy policy and terms of use.
Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Akismet (Automattic Inc.)
Akismet is a SPAM protection service provided by Automattic Inc.
Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Tag Management
This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on cdesignfashion.com in a centralized fashion.
This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data.
Google Tag Manager (Google LLC)
Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC.
Personal Data processed: Usage Data.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to cdesignfashion.com, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving cdesignfashion.com.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on cdesignfashion.com.
HubSpot CRM (HubSpot, Inc.)
HubSpot CRM is a User database management service provided by HubSpot, Inc.
Personal Data processed: email address; phone number; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing:
United States
–
Privacy Policy.
Further information about Personal Data
Analysis and predictions based on the User’s Data (“profiling”)
The Owner may use the Personal and Usage Data collected through cdesignfashion.com to create or update User profiles. This type of Data processing allows the Owner to evaluate User choices, preferences and behaviour for the purposes outlined in the respective section of this document.
User profiles can also be created through the use of automated tools like algorithms, which can also be provided by third parties. To find out more about the profiling activities performed, Users can check the relevant sections of this document.
The User always has a right to object to this kind of profiling activity. To find out more about the User's rights and how to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document outlining the rights of the User.
Automated decision-making
Automated decision-making means that a decision which is likely to have legal effects or similarly significant effects on the User, is taken solely by technological means, without any human intervention.
Cdesignfashion.com may use the User's Personal Data to make decisions entirely or partially based on automated processes according to the purposes outlined in this document.
Cdesignfashion.com adopts automated decision-making processes as far as necessary to enter into or perform a contract between User and Owner, or on the basis of the User’s explicit consent, where such consent is required by the law.
Automated decisions are made by technological means – mostly based on algorithms subject to predefined criteria – which may also be provided by third parties.
The rationale behind the automated decision making is:
to enable or otherwise improve the decision-making process;
to grant Users fair and unbiased treatment based on consistent and uniform criteria;
to reduce the potential harm derived from human error, personal bias and the like which may potentially lead to discrimination or imbalance in the treatment of individuals etc.;
to reduce the risk of User's failure to meet their obligation under a contract.
To find out more about the purposes, the third-party services, if any, and any specific rationale for automated decisions used within cdesignfashion.com, Users can check the relevant sections in this document.
Consequences of automated decision-making processes for Users and rights of Users subjected to it
As a consequence, Users subject to such processing, are entitled to exercise specific rights aimed at preventing or otherwise limiting the potential effects of the automated decisions taken.
In particular, Users have the right to:
obtain an explanation about any decision taken as a result of automated decision-making and express their point of view regarding this decision;
challenge a decision by asking the Owner to reconsider it or take a new decision on a different basis;
request and obtain from the Owner human intervention on such processing.
To learn more about the User’s rights and the means to exercise them, the User is invited to consult the section of this document relating to the rights of the User.
Personal Data collected through sources other than the User
The Owner of cdesignfashion.com may have legitimately collected Personal Data relating to Users without their knowledge by reusing or sourcing them from third parties on the grounds mentioned in the section specifying the legal basis of processing.
Where the Owner has collected Personal Data in such a manner, Users may find specific information regarding the source within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
Cookie Policy
Cdesignfashion.com uses Trackers. To learn more, the User may consult the Cookie Policy.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of cdesignfashion.com or the related Services.The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, cdesignfashion.com may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, cdesignfashion.com and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with cdesignfashion.com (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
Cdesignfashion.com does not support “Do Not Track” requests.To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within cdesignfashion.com and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through cdesignfashion.com (or third-party services employed in cdesignfashion.com), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use cdesignfashion.com, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using cdesignfashion.com who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of cdesignfashion.com. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of cdesignfashion.com.
cdesignfashion.com (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by cdesignfashion.com as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.
Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to cdesignfashion.com, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: January 29, 2019
iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.