http://www.spycentre.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Audio Recorders
Hidden Cameras
GPS Tracking
Spy Gear
Dash Cameras
Misc
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to your privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy the following notice explains the information we collect, how it is used, how it is safeguarded, and how to contact us if you have any concerns.
Our Commitment to the Security of Your Data
This site uses SSL encryption on all orders in order to protect your privacy. We also follow all PCI compliance standards to maximize the security of your data.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site and/or place an order. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your full name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. Generally, you control the amount and type of information that you provide to us when using our website.
Using Our Website
When you enter and use our website you accept cookies, some of these cookies may contain your Personal Data. A cookie is a small piece of data or a text file that is downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you access certain websites. Cookies may contain text that can be read by the web server that delivered the cookie to you. The text contained in the cookie generally consists of a sequence of letters and numbers that uniquely identifies your computer or mobile device; it may contain other information as well.
What We May Use Cookies For
Identifying the areas of our website that you have visited.
Personalizing content that you see on our website.
Our website analytics.
Remarketing our products to you.
Remembering your preferences, settings, and login details.
Targeted advertising and serving ads relevant to your interests.
Allowing you to post comments.
Allowing you to share content with social networks.
Restricting Data Tracking Settings
You can modify and control how and when cookies are set through your browser settings. If you choose to reject cookies, certain functions of our website may not work properly impacting your buying experience, you may need to enable cookies to view certain sections of our website for a more enjoyable shopping experience.
Legal Actions, Subpoenas, Internal Investigations
Spy Centre Security may disclose Information to cooperate with an investigation by law enforcement agencies in response to subpoenas, court orders, warrants or other legal proceedings.
Questions & Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. Please click here to visit our Support Centre for Questions or Feedback.
SaveSave
Fast Shipping On Every Order
Over 100,000 Satisfied Clients
The Largest DFW Security Retailer
Retail LocationsOnline Order, Pickup In-Store
A+ Rating Since 1999