http://www.monacotool.com/privacy-policy/
Sign In
|
Cart
Manufacturer of Heavy Duty Diesel Engine Tools
Need Help?
541-689-8579
Made in the USA
Satisfaction guaranteed since 1986
Toggle navigation
Home
Sign In
Cart
Products
Brands
Caterpillar
Cummins
Detroit Diesel
Ford
Fuller Transmission
Mack
Navistar
Universal
Tool Families
Accessory Drive Tools
Bearing Installers
Bearing Pullers
Camshaft & Cam Gear Tools
Compression Tester Tools
Counterbore & Block Repair Tools
Countershaft Retaining Tools
Crankshaft Seal Tools
Cylinder Tools
Fuel System Tools
Guide Studs
Injector Cup Tools
Injector Sleeve Tools
Miscellaneous Tools
Seal Tools
Timing Block Tools
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Physical Address: 190 S. Danebo Ave. Eugene, OR. 97402Mailing Address:PO Box 42267, Eugene, OR. 97404 We can be reached via e-mail at sales@dieselenginetools.comOr you can reach us by telephone at 541-689-8579 For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.The information we collect is used to improve the content of our web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company. If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending email to us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address.Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online. Please provide us with your correct phone number. We will not share your telephone number with other organizations.
Privacy Policy | Refund Policy
©2020 Monaco Tool Company
Web Design by Feynman Group