http://www.sterlingchemical.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
THE TERMS OF STERLING COMPANY OF FLORIDA’S INTERNET TERMS AND CONDITIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE.Thank you for visiting us online at SterlingCompanyFL.com. This Internet Privacy Statement sets forth our policy regarding information received about you during your visits to our web site.We respect our web site visitors’ privacy concerns and accordingly, no personal information is automatically collected by visiting our site. However, we may automatically obtain certain non-personal information from our web site visitors such as the total number of visitors to our site, type of browser and the type of operating system used. We only gather personal information about you such as first and last names, addresses and email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you.What this Privacy Policy CoversThis Privacy Policy covers www.SterlingCompanyFL.com treatment of personally identifiable information that it collects when you are Sterling Company’s website and when you use our services. This policy also covers our treatment of any personally identifiable information that Sterling and its subsidiaries, affiliates and business partners share with us or that we may collect on a related entity’s or business partner’s website. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Sterling Company does not own or control, or to people that Sterling does not employ or manage.Information CollectionAs you browse www.SterlingCompanyFL.com, personal information – such as your name, address, phone number or e-mail address – is not collected. www.SterlingCompanyFL.com does, however, use “cookies” to collect information about how our website is used. Information, such as the server your computer is logged onto, your browser type (for example, Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) and the pages you view/request are automatically collected and tracked in aggregate.In order to provide you with online services, we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information including your name, e-mail address and contact information.Information Use may use information you have given us to, for example, provide a service, measure guest interest in certain new products and inform you about products and services. You are submitting a valid email address and “opt-in” for receiving commercial electronic messages. By providing your email address you are giving explicit consent to receiving commercial electronic messages from Sterling Company of Florida, Inc.  If you have provided your e-mail address to us or to a company we have partnered with to make their products and services available to you, we may send you e-mail offers. We may also send you e-mail offers if you have provided your e-mail address to a third party and have actively chosen or requested, on an opt-in basis, to receive e-mail offers from other parties. Please note that we DO NOT provide your e-mail address to our business partners. However, we may send you offers on behalf of our business partners. When we send e-mails to you, we may be able to identify information about your e-mail address, such as whether you can read graphic-rich html e-mails. If your e-mail address is html-enabled, we may choose to send you graphic-rich html e-mails.Information Sharing and Disclosure www.SterlingCompanyFL.com will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. www.SterlingCompanyFL.com may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:We have you consent to share the informationWe need to share your information to provide the product or services you have requestedWe need to send the information to companies who work on your behalf of Sterling Company to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us.  Changes to the Privacy Policywww.SterlingCompanyFL.com may amend the Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be published on this page and the date revised will be updated.
This website uses marketing and tracking technologies. Opting out of this will opt you out of all cookies, except for those needed to run the website. Note that some products may not work as well without tracking cookies.
Opt Out of Cookies
Date Revised: 07 Jun 2018