http://www.thegeneral.com/legal/terms-and-conditions/
Available on the
App Store
Get it on
Google Play
Close
Terms & Conditions
This document provides the terms and conditions of use of thegeneral.com and of The General®
app. Your use of this app or website is expressly conditioned on your acceptance of these Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree with any part of the Terms & Conditions, you must not use this app or website.
The General Automobile Insurance Services, Inc. and its insurance company affiliates (“The General®”) reserve the right to modify the Terms & Conditions at any time. Continued use of this website by you will constitute your acceptance of any revisions to the Terms & Conditions. Please check this page regularly.
Paperless Electronic Delivery
Copyrights and Trademarks
Third-Party Websites
Password Registration
Disclaimer of Warranty
Limitation of Liability
Jurisdiction / Enforceability
The General® Account Alerts
Claims Texting - Hi Marley
Privacy Policy
Paperless Electronic Delivery
Enrolling in Paperless Electronic Delivery means that you consent to allowing The General® to electronically deliver important policy documents to you.
This means you will no longer receive paper versions of policy documents in the mail, but will rather receive an electronic notification to an email address you provide. The documents are accessible using your MyPolicy
account at www.thegeneral.com/mypolicy. Policy documents that will no longer be mailed include but are not limited to the following:
Policy Contract and Endorsements
Insurance Identification (ID) Cards
Billing Notices
Declaration Pages
Underwriting notices
Some documents, including cancellation and non-renewal notices, may be delivered to you in paper form by mail in addition to being provided electronically.
If you consent to Paperless Electronic Delivery, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Once you withdraw your consent The General® will begin sending your policy documents in paper format to the last known address in our records. However, a Paper Document Fee may apply if you (1) do not consent to Paperless Electronic Delivery; or (2) withdraw your consent to Paperless Electronic Delivery. At any time you may consent to Paperless Electronic Delivery or request a paper copy of a particular policy document by calling our customer service department at 1-800-280-1466.
You can access the electronic version of your documents anytime by logging into your online self-service account at www.thegeneral.com/mypolicy (MyPolicy). You will be required to register for an account and create a unique User ID and password to securely access your policy information. Step-by step instructions are provided on our website or you may call customer service for assistance. You will need the following to access our website: (1) a computer, tablet or phone capable of accessing the internet (2) an internet service provider and (3) an internet browser capable of viewing our website.
After registering your MyPolicy account, you may access all of your policy documents on the View/Print Documents page. You will be able to view, print, or save your policy documents in Adobe Portable Document format (pdf). If you do not have a program to view the documents in Abode pdf format, you can download Adobe Acrobat Reader from within your MyPolicy account. If these technical requirements change, we will provide you with the updated requirements. If you have trouble with your MyPolicy account or accessing your documents, it is your responsibility to contact The General® and notify us of the problem at 1-800-280-1466.
You are responsible for accessing and reading the policy documents in your MyPolicy account.
Electronic documents have the same legal effect as printed ones. If an email sent to you for Paperless Electronic Delivery is returned as undeliverable, you will be unenrolled from Paperless Electronic Delivery and you will receive your policy documents by mail. It is your responsibility to update any changes to your email address with The General®.
The General® is not responsible for an inactive or out-of-date email address you provide to us.
You may change your email address and if necessary, re-enroll for Paperless Electronic Delivery by contacting The General® customer service department at 1-800-280-1466 or by logging into your MyPolicy account.
The General® may amend the terms of this agreement at any time by providing notice of the amended Terms & Conditions to you. If you do not agree with the amended terms, you may withdraw your consent from Paperless Electronic Delivery.
By enrolling in Paperless Electronic Delivery, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to these Terms & Conditions and consent to receive important policy documents in electronic format.
This agreement is effective immediately when The General® receives consent to Paperless Electronic Delivery.
Back to top
Copyrights and Trademarks
Except where otherwise indicated, all materials contained within The General® app or website are the copyrighted or trademarked intellectual property of The General® or its third party licensors. All logos and other trademarks and service marks used on this website are owned by The General®, unless otherwise denoted.
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy and distribute these materials as presented in The General®
website and without alteration for non-commercial purposes only; provided that all copyright and other proprietary notices appear in all copies in the same manner as the original. All other uses are prohibited.
Except as expressly provided herein, you shall not use any portion of this website, or any other intellectual property of The General® (including, but not limited to its service marks), on any other website, in the source code of any other website, or in any other printed or electronic materials. Except as expressly provided herein, you shall not modify, publish, reproduce, republish, create derivative works, copy, upload, post, transmit, distribute, or otherwise use any of The General® website’s content or frame The General®
website within any other website without our prior written permission. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this website to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory, without prior written permission from The General®, is prohibited. Linking from another website to any page in this website is strictly prohibited without prior written permission.
Back to top
Third-Party Websites
The General® app and website contains links to other Internet websites (third-party websites) that are not maintained by The General®. These links are provided solely for your convenience. The General® makes no warranties or representations about the content of, about any products or services offered by, or about the security or the intellectual property compliance of, such third-party websites. We recommend that, before using these websites, you take the time to read the privacy policies and user agreements of those websites.
Back to top
Password Registration
The General® online service website (MyPolicy) and app are restricted and requires a user identification code (User ID) and a password for access. Unauthorized, unlawful or deliberately damaging use of or access to the online service website is strictly prohibited.
In accessing the online service sites, you agree that:
The General® is entitled to act on instructions received under your User ID and password.
The General® is not liable for any unauthorized access to your personal information that is not the direct result of gross negligence or intentional misconduct on the part of The General®.
You will keep your password confidential and you will notify The General® immediately if you believe someone else has obtained your User ID and password or any unauthorized access to the online service site has occurred or may occur.
The General® may block access to the online service site without prior notice if we believe your User ID and password are being used by someone other than you, if any unauthorized access to your personal information has occurred or may occur, or for other reasons including the protection of the individual’s personally identifiable information.
Back to top
Disclaimer of Warranty
The content and materials in The General® website and app are provided “as is” and without representations or warranties of any kind, either express or implied. The General® expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to this website including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. The General® does not warrant or represent that the functions or operation of this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this website, its servers or any email sent from The General® are free of viruses or other harmful components. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so some or all of the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.
Back to top
Limitation of Liability
The General® shall not be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or damages of any kind, whether based in contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise, which arises out of (1) the use of, or inability to use, this website or content found in this website or app, and (2) unless resulting from the gross negligence or intentional actions of The General®, or the unauthorized access to or alteration of your data but only to the extent of the cost to correct the security defect or to restore the affected information. The General® shall not in any case be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or similar damages of any kind, even if The General® has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some states do not allow the exclusion of liability for certain damages, so some or all of the foregoing exclusions or limitations may not apply to you.
Back to top
Jurisdiction / Enforceability
Use of The General® website and app shall be governed by, and its language must be construed in accordance with the laws of, the State of Tennessee without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Any dispute concerning this website or the stated policies shall be subject to the exclusive venue of a court of competent jurisdiction in Davidson County, Tennessee.
Should any provision of these Terms & Conditions be held to be invalid, unlawful or for any reason unenforceable, then the affected provision shall be severable from the remaining provisions. A severed provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Back to top
The General® Account Alerts
Text Messages.
The General® Account Alerts Program - With your prior consent to opt-in for text messages regarding your policy, we will send text messages to your mobile device. The frequency of the messages will depend on your account activity.
We do not charge for this service but message and data rates may apply from your carrier.
You can log into MyPolicy to change your profile settings.
To stop receiving text messages from us, text STOP to 737373. If you elect to stop receiving text messages, you will receive a final text confirming that your number has been unsubscribed.
For help, text HELP to 737373 or call support at 1-800-280-1466.
At this time, we cannot accept questions or policy changes via text; those should continue to be handled by accessing your MyPolicy account or by contacting us at 1-800-280-1466.
Alerts sent via SMS (texting service) may not be delivered to you if your phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of your wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer's equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. You acknowledge that urgent alerts may not be received timely and that your wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered.
Likewise, The General® cannot guarantee timeliness or delivery and we are not liable for losses or damages arising from non-delivery, delayed delivery, or misdirected delivery of a text message.
Text messages to The General® can never be used to contact 911 or other emergency services.
SMS text message notifications may be delayed or not received during regional emergencies or other periods of high messaging traffic.
Third parties can send SMS text messages disguised as alerts from The General® and therefore you are urged to verify independently the authenticity of any message that you receive.
SMS text message notifications from The General® will be presented on your mobile device in the same manner as any other SMS text messages.
You accept that each text message may not be encrypted, and may contain information about your policy.
The General® will send text messages using automated technology.
If your mobile number is disconnected or transferred to a different mobile carrier, you must complete the consent process at The General® for your new mobile phone number.
The General® is working with AT&T, Verizon Wireless, T-Mobile®, Metro PCS, Sprint, Boost, Virgin Mobile, U.S. Cellular®, and others.
Customers who use a different carrier should contact their mobile carrier to determine if this service is available and the cost associated with texting.
The mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
Because many phone companies recycle phone numbers, it is possible for customers who purchase a new phone to receive messages that the previous owner had subscribed to or otherwise consented to receive.
The General® will periodically purge phone numbers that have been reassigned or discontinued after being notified by the phone companies of discontinued/recycled phone numbers.
Customers are not required to provide consent to receive text messages as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.
By consenting to receive text messages from The General®, the customer is stating that they are over the age of 13 years and that they wish to receive text communications from The General®. Consent can be given via email, web site form, text message, telephone key press or voice recording.
We reserve the right to terminate this text messaging service, in whole or in part, at any time without notice.
Phone Messages.
The General® Account Alerts Program - With your prior consent to opt-in for automated phone messages regarding your policy, we may deliver messages to your land-line or mobile phone. The number of messages we will leave on your land-line or mobile phone will vary depending on your account activity.
To stop receiving automated phone messages during delivery of the recorded call press 9 or after the call ends please call support at 1-800-280-1466, option 9 to opt-out.
You can call customer service at any time for assistance or log into MyPolicy to change your profile settings for automated messages.
Back to top
Claims Texting - Hi Marley
Permanent General Assurance Company, Permanent General Assurance Company of Ohio, The General Automobile Insurance Company, Incorporated, Homesite Insurance Company of Georgia, and Old American County Mutual Fire Insurance Company, (collectively, “The General®”) would like to welcome you to our text messaging program. Hi Marley is a third-party vendor that will provide you with information regarding your claim with The General® via text messaging. This has no impact on your policy or coverage as it may relate to a claim.
Hi Marley does not have a separate charge for this service, but message and data rates may apply from your mobile carrier. By providing your consent to participate in this program, the account holder approves any such charges from their mobile carrier. You may contact us at any time to change these preferences.
If you have provided us with your mobile number, we have your consent to send you automated texts to service your claim. Your consent allows us to use text messaging for information and claim servicing. You are not required to consent to the agreement as a condition of purchasing any property, goods or services.
How to Opt-in. You may sign up for the Hi Marley text messaging program by responding ‘Yes’ to the welcome message that will be sent from your claims adjuster.
By opting-in to this service, the number of text messages received and sent may vary depending on account activity and your participation in this text messaging program.
After signing up, you will receive an invitation text message from Hi Marley asking you to confirm your enrollment request. The message states: “Hi {FirstName}, I’m Marley, your virtual assistant on behalf of The General. To text with your claim representative, please review and agree to the terms/privacy policy (himarley.com/tp) by respond ‘Yes.’ Msg and data rates may apply. Msg freq varies. Reply HELP for help or STOP to opt out.”
How to Opt-out. To stop receiving text messages reply STOP. You can also notify your claims adjuster directly, and they will remove you from texting. You may receive a confirmation of your request.
By enrolling in this subscription program, you consent that following such a request to unsubscribe, you may receive a standard rate message stating: “First Name, you successfully unsubscribed from Marley Texting. If you change your mind, simply text ‘YES’ to reactivate at any time.”
We reserve the right to terminate this text messaging service, in whole or in part, at any time without notice. The information in any text message may be subject to certain time lags and/or delays.
Supported Carriers. Hi Marley will support all mobile carriers based on their ability to support SMS.
Interruption. Delivery of information and content to your equipment/mobile device may fail due to a variety of circumstances or conditions. The Hi Marley program is subject to transmission limitation or interruption. You understand and acknowledge that mobile network services are outside of The General®’s control, and The General® is not responsible or liable for issues arising therefrom, or the failure thereof, including, without limitation, technical, hardware, software, electronic, network, telephone or other communications malfunctions, errors or failures of any kind, errors in transmission, traffic congestion, lost or unavailable network connections, telephone connections, wireless phone connections, website, Internet, or ISP availability, unauthorized human intervention, traffic congestion, incomplete or inaccurate capture of entry information (regardless of cause) or failed, incomplete, garbled, jumbled or delayed transmissions which may limit or restrict your ability to receive or send a message, including any injury or damage to your or any other person’s equipment/wireless device relating to or resulting from participating in or using the Hi Marley program. If the Hi Marley program is not available within your intended location, you agree that your sole remedy is to cease using the Hi Marley program.
Revisions. The General® may revise, modify, or amend these Terms & Conditions at any time. Any such revision, modification, or amendment shall take effect when it is posted to The General®’s website. You agree to review these Terms & Conditions periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. Your continued consent to receive text messages will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
Privacy. All information collected from users of our sites is subject to our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference into this agreement. For more information, visit thegeneral.com to review our policy.
Applicable Law. The terms of use shall be governed in accordance with the laws of the Tennessee.
Third Party Vendor. By agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, you acknowledge and understand that The General® has engaged a third party to administer the texting program contemplated by these Terms and Conditions. The General® is not responsible for, and has no control over, any third-party actions or omissions, intentional or unintentional.
Back to top
Privacy Policy
Please read this notice to learn how your information may be used by us and about your right to review and correct personal data. Our goal is to protect the confidentiality of information that you provide to us. By providing any information through our site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy is important to us. Permanent General protects the confidentiality of personal information that you provide to us or we collect. We have physical, electronic, and procedural security in place to protect personal data. We may collect personal information, such as consumer reports that include credit information (where permitted by law) and reports about you, your vehicles and the drivers in your household with respect to your application for insurance, renewals, changes to your policy, and claims. Insurance scoring information including credit, where allowed by law, may be used to determine your premium for insurance. We may use a third party to get this score. Any nonpublic personal information we have about you or listed drivers is confidential information and kept private. However, the personal information collected, may, if permitted by law, be disclosed without prior authorization to non-affiliated third parties. We may also share information with affiliated companies for such purposes as claims handling, servicing, underwriting, pricing and insurance marketing. Information may be provided to others when required by law to or pursuant to legal process.
Types of Information We Collect and Disclose. We collect non-public personal financial and health information about you, your family and your property in order to issue and service policies, and handle claims. Non-public personal financial and health information is defined as information not generally available to the public. We collect this information in a number of ways, including:
E-mail. We may email requests to you to complete and support your transactions with us and to comply with law. We may also send you email to follow-up on coverage quotes, respond to your questions, and to provide you with information about your policy and other information. We will not share your email address with third parties without your consent.
Information that you give us when you apply for a policy or make a policy change. When you apply for a policy we record the information that you give us on an application form. We also record information when you request a policy change. The information we obtain may include your name, address, and telephone number, driver’s license number, social security number, date of birth, length of employment, gender, marital status, prior insurance information, home ownership, length of residency, vehicle descriptions, miles driven and vehicle use, other drivers, vehicle garaging address and driving history.
Information that we acquire in the course of doing business with you. We collect information about your transactions with our company and other companies. It may include your insurance coverage selections and premiums, payment and claims history, information used to calculate premium, and your payment and billing information. It may also include information used to adjust, investigate, settle, and defend claims, such as witness statements, and police reports.
Information that we acquire from third parties. We collect information from consumer reporting agencies. It may include motor vehicle and driving records, accident and claims history reports, insurance records, and consumer reports that may include credit information. Upon your written request to us, we will provide you with a copy of this information and the provider of such information. You have the right to review this information and ask for correction of any erroneous information found in the records of these third parties.
Information that we acquire from our Web site. Our website is encrypted to protect your information. We create “cookies” (a small text file stored on your computer) while you are on our Web site. The “cookie” does not contain any personal information. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. In addition, tracking technology including, but not limited to, cookies, beacons, tags and scripts or other similar technologies may be utilized by Permanent General and analytic service providers (e.g. Google Analytics). These tracking technologies are used to gather information about our user base. The information collected may include device specific-information (including, but not limited to, hardware model, operating system version and unique device identifiers) and unique application numbers if included within the respective service. We may receive reports on this demographic information from analytic service providers to understand specific market segments based on the demographic and interest data received. This information will be used for, but not limited to, Remarketing, Display Network Impression Reporting, and Demographics and Interest Reporting. The use of these tracking features is governed by Google’s
Privacy Policy, as amended by Google. You may opt-out of this data collection by installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on and Google Ad Removal Plugin.
Parties to Whom We Disclose Information. We do not sell information to third parties for marketing or any purposes without your consent. We may disclose your information without authorization to affiliated and non-affiliated third parties as permitted by law and for our everyday business purposes, such as to process insurance transactions, maintain a policy, respond to court orders and legal investigations, and reports to credit bureaus. This may include disclosure to agents, insurance regulators, actuarial studies, law enforcement and affiliates. Information obtained from a report prepared by an insurance-support organization may be retained by the insurance-support organization and disclosed to other persons. All third parties are subject to agreements to maintain the confidentiality of your nonpublic personal information. When you are no longer our policyholder, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
Confidentiality & Security. We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to our employees and other parties who must use that information to provide products or services to you. Their right to disclose or use the information is limited by our employee code of conduct, applicable law, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or use.
Your Right To Review and Correct Personal Data. Upon your written request, and pursuant to law, you may review your information in our records. If you see any inaccuracies in your information you can send us a written statement describing the information you believe is incorrect and information that should appear in its place. We will either make the requested correction or tell you why we will not or cannot make the correction. If we correct your records, we will send confirmation to you and send the corrected information to any insurance support organizations we provided with your information. We will also furnish the corrected information to any person you designate who may have received the information within the last 2 years. We cannot correct Consumer Report Information, such as a credit report. To do this, you must contact the consumer reporting agency that provided it. If we refuse to make a requested correction, you may file a written statement with us describing the information you believe is incorrect, and information that should appear in its place. Your statement will become part of your file. It will be sent to the same persons to whom we would send a copy of any correction or change. Additionally, your statement will be included in any subsequent, lawful disclosure.
If you wish to review your personal information or learn more about your right to review and correct personal data, please send a written request to us at: Permanent General, 2636 Elm Hill Pike, Suite 510, Nashville, Tennessee 37214. Include your name, address, policy number, and a description of the data you would like to review. We may charge a reasonable fee. Upon written request, we will identify persons or organizations to which the data has been disclosed within the last two years, or if not recorded, we will identify persons or organizations to which the data is normally disclosed. We will not provide privileged data, such as insurance claims and lawsuits.
California Privacy Rights. California Civil Code §1798.83 permits our website and app users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties. To obtain this information, a request should be made in writing to us: 2636 Elm Hill Pike Suite 510, Nashville, TN 37214.
WE WILL DELIVER OUR NOTICE OF INFORMATION PRACTICES FOR YOUR STATE TO YOU.
Back to top
Privacy Policy
Get Your Free Quote Now
GO
Terms & Conditions
Permanent General Privacy Policy – Information Practices
Request to Not Sell My Personal Information
Request to Opt-In for Information Sharing
Request to Disclose My Personal Information