http://www.teisseire.com/en/global/privacy-policy/
X
This website uses Cookies, which are text files placed on your computer. Some of these are essential to the site’s operation whilst others analyse how visitors use the site. These cookies are set by default but you can disable them or view more information about how they are used here.
By using this website, closing this message, or accepting it, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
Accept
Cookies
We use cookies to ensure our users get the best experience using the site, by using this site, you agree to our
Cookie Policy.
nav
Our ProductsInspirationOur StoryFOR PROFESSIONALS
Close
Change your location below
globalcnfrkrvnnlukbe nlbe fr
Our ProductsInspirationOur Story
Search
FOR PROFESSIONALS
Close
Privacy Policy
This website is owned by Britvic Soft Drinks Limited (“Britvic”). Britvic is a leading soft drinks company and, like most businesses, holds and processes a wide range of information about individuals. Britvic respects your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in relation to personal information about individuals (“information”) collected whether offline or online including through our website teisseire.com (“Website”) in addition to software applications, branded pages on third party platforms or electronic messaging.
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Who we are, what we do and how to contact us?
We are a soft drinks manufacturer headquartered in the United Kingdom with group companies all around the world. Britvic PLC is the holding company.
Britvic is the data controller responsible for your information. We are an English company with company number 00517211 and our registered office address is:
Breakspear Park
Breakspear Way Hemel Hempstead Hertfordshire HP2 4TZ England
We are also registered at the Information Commissioner’s Office with registration number Z6054065. Britvic PLC is also registered at the Information Commissioner’s Office with registration number ZA299386.
For more information about us, please see the “About Us” section of our Website at http://www.britvic.com/about-us/who-we-are.
What personal information do we collect and why?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Website may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, to submit enquiries to us and/or to comment on or evaluate our products or Website.  The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
Information that we collect automatically
When you visit our Website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device.  In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.  We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Website, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website are of interest to them.  We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website to our visitors.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology” below.
Information that we obtain from third party sources
From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (including companies which facilitate our competitions or provide media services to us), but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.
The types of information we may collect from third parties may include your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number and we use the information we receive from these third parties to contact you if we have your consent to do so.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We don't share your information with third parties unless it is with:
your consent;
to another company in the Britvic Group which shall include our subsidiaries and our ultimate holding company (Britvic PLC) and its subsidiaries as defined in section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006. An up to date list of companies in the Britvic Group is available here: http://www.britvic.com/where-we-operate
Google Analytics - Web Analytics platform
law enforcement or government authorities, or if we believe it is necessary for legal or public safety reasons; and/or
the new owner of either a Britvic Group company, or a Britvic Group company's assets, in the event of a sale.
Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect and process personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
You don't have to give us your information. But if you don't, we won't be able to communicate with you. Sometimes that means that we won't be able to respond to a question. It might also affect our ability to look into and report back to you on an issue you've raised. Other times, it might mean you won't be able to participate in a promotion or competition we're running (or that we won't be able to send you a prize if you win!).
Cookies and similar tracking technology
We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you. For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Policy.
The Website may contain links to third party Website and services. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Website to another website or you request a service from a third party, this Privacy Policy no longer applies.
Your browsing and interaction on any other website, or your dealings with any other third party service provider, is subject to that website's or third party service provider's own rules and policies.
We do not monitor, control, or endorse the privacy practices of any third parties and we encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of every website you visit or third party service provider that you deal with and to contact them if you have any questions about their respective privacy policies and practices.
This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by us and does not apply to these third party Website and third party service providers.
How do we keep your personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you.  The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
We have implemented information security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal information that we have under our control from:
unauthorised access;
improper use or disclosure;
unauthorised modification; and
unlawful destruction or accidental loss.
All our employees and data processors (i.e. those who process your personal information on our behalf, for the purposes listed above), who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the personal information of all users of the Website.
We keep your information only for as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose it was collected for. In considering how long to keep it, we will take into account its relevance to our business and our legal and regulatory obligations.
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident.  These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, our Website servers are located in the EEA (UK), and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world  http://www.britvic.com/where-we-operate.  This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
We require group companies and third parties which receive your information to provide adequate safeguards. By providing us with your information, you agree to us (or third parties acting on our behalf) transferring your information outside the EEA.
Special provisions for children under the age of 13
If you're a child under the age of 13, please DO NOT send us any information about yourself unless one of your parents or a guardian has agreed to us having that information and you can show us that they have agreed.
Calls to us
Calls that you make to us are recorded for training and quality control purposes.
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with information or a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
Your data protection rights
You have the following data protection rights:
If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal information, you can do so at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
In addition, you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.  To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
Similarly, if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including the US and Canada) are available here.)
We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us using the address above or the following telephone number: 0044 121 711 1102
© Britvic PLC. All Rights Reserved
Global
Privacy Policy
Discover our products and inspiration, specially created for professionals. Discover more
FOLLOW US
Facebook
Google
Instagram
Twitter
Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyBRITVICTerms and ConditionsABOUT USContact Us
© teisseire 2020