https://www.cdic.ca/about-us/reports-and-disclosure/disclosure/privacy-and-access-to-information/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Providing content in Canada’s official languagesCDIC’s commitment to accessibilityLicenceIntellectual Property RightsUsing files located on non-CDIC serversUse of the CDIC WebsiteLinking to third-party websitesLive ChatBreach of the Terms of UseDisclaimerIndemnityGoverning LawChangesQuestions and Feedback
These Terms of Use apply to the Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation (“CDIC”) website located at www.cdic.ca.
These Terms of Use affect the site visitor’s legal rights and responsibilities and create a legally binding contract between the visitor and CDIC. By using the CDIC website, the visitor agrees to these Terms of Use.
Providing content in Canada’s official languages
CDIC is committed to ensuring that any member of the public can communicate with and obtain available services from CDIC in either official language.
CDIC’s commitment to accessibility
CDIC is committed to achieving a high standard of accessibility to individuals with disabilities. CDIC recognizes the importance of providing a website as accessible as possible to all users. In the event of difficulty using our Web pages, applications or device-based mobile applications, please contact us for assistance.
Licence
CDIC grants the visitor, upon agreeing with these Terms of Use, a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, limited licence to enter and use the CDIC website.
Intellectual Property Rights
CDIC either owns or is the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the text, graphics, logos, audio clips, video clips, interfaces, software or computer code on the CDIC website, including any translations into other languages (“Content”).
Except as provided in these Terms of Use, the visitor must first obtain our express written consent and comply with any terms and conditions we specify relating to that use before publishing, displaying or otherwise using any Content in any form or media. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the visitor agrees not to:
make any commercial use of any Content; include any Content in or with any product that they create or distribute; or copy such Content onto their or any other website.
Using files located on non-CDIC servers
To improve the functionality of the CDIC website, certain files (such as open source libraries, images and scripts) may be delivered automatically to your browser via a trusted third-party server or content delivery network. The delivery of these files is intended to provide a seamless user experience by speeding response times and avoiding the need for each visitor to download these files.
Use of the CDIC Website
In using the CDIC website, the visitor agrees to comply with the laws of Canada and any applicable Canadian provincial and territorial laws. The visitor agrees not to do or threaten to do anything that may or does (1) constitute any illegal or improper activity, (2) harass any other party (3) disrupt, undermine, corrupt or damage the CDIC website or anything accessible through the CDIC website; or (4) damage CDIC’s goodwill or reputation. CDIC may at any time without notice suspend or terminate operation of the CDIC website and the visitor’s access to the CDIC website or any portion of the CDIC website.
Linking to third-party websites
Links to websites not under the control of CDIC, including those to our social media accounts, are provided solely for the convenience of users. We are not responsible for the accuracy, currency or reliability of the content of such websites. These third-party websites may not be available in both English and French, and they may not be accessible to all users. CDIC does not offer any guarantee in that regard and is not responsible for the information found through these links, nor does it endorse the sites and their content.
For information on privacy regarding third-party websites, please see CDIC’s Website Privacy Notice for more information.
Third-party social media
Content and frequency
CDIC uses its social media accounts on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube as an alternative method of sharing the content posted on the CDIC website and interacting with the public. By following CDIC’s social media accounts (by “following,” “liking” or “subscribing”), the visitor can expect to see information about CDIC. Social media accounts are not hosted on CDIC servers.
CDIC understands that the Web is a 24/7 medium, and visitor comments are welcome at any time. Comments submitted after regular business hours or on weekends will be read and responded to once regular business hours, Eastern Time, resume.
Because the servers of social media platforms are managed by a third-party, social media accounts are subject to downtime that may be out of CDIC’s control. CDIC accepts no responsibility for platforms becoming unresponsive or unavailable.
Links to other websites and ads
Social media accounts may post or display links or ads for websites that are not under the control of the CDIC. These links are provided solely for the convenience of users. CDIC is not responsible for the information found through these links or ads, nor does it endorse the websites or their content.
Comments and interaction
CDIC recognizes that all Canadians have the right to free speech and that social media channels are equally accessible to all. CDIC requests that users respect the members of its community and always use appropriate language.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, CDIC reserves the right to delete without notice any comment or content posted that:
is contrary to the principles of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms;includes personal information; infringes upon intellectual property or proprietary rights;is racist, hateful, sexist, homophobic, slanderous, insulting, defamatory or life-threatening messages, or contain or refer to any obscenity or pornography;puts forward serious, unproven or inaccurate accusations against individuals or organizations;is threatening, violent, intimidating or harassing;is offensive, rude or abusive to an individual or organization;is contrary to any federal, provincial or territorial laws of Canada;constitutes impersonation, advertising or spam;encourages or incites illegal activity;is written in a language other than English or French;is unintelligible or irrelevant;does not add to the normal flow of a discussion; and/oris otherwise deemed unacceptable by CDIC.
CDIC reserves the right to report users and/or their comments and contributions to third-party social media service providers to prevent or remove the posting of content that is contrary to these rules, or to the terms of service/use of the third-party social media platform.
Official languages
CDIC replies to comments in the official language in which they are posted. If we think the response is a question of a general public interest, CDIC may respond in both official languages.
Live Chat
CDIC uses a live chat feature on its website for general inquiries about CDIC and deposit protection.
The live chat feature is only available during regular business hours, Eastern time. CDIC replies to chats in the official language in which they are posted.
CDIC recognizes that all Canadians have the right to free speech and requests that users always use appropriate language.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, CDIC reserves the right to discontinue any chat without notice for any comment or content posted that:
is contrary to the principles of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms;includes personal information;infringes upon intellectual property or proprietary rights;is racist, hateful, sexist, homophobic, slanderous, insulting, defamatory or life-threatening messages, or contain or refer to any obscenity or pornography;puts forward serious, unproven or inaccurate accusations against individuals or organizations;is threatening, violent, intimidating or harassing;is offensive, rude or abusive to an individual or organization;is contrary to any federal, provincial or territorial laws of Canada;constitutes impersonation, advertising or spam;encourages or incites illegal activity;is written in a language other than English or French;is unintelligible or irrelevant;does not add to the normal flow of a discussion; and/oris otherwise deemed unacceptable by CDIC.
Breach of the Terms of Use
If CDIC determines that the visitor has breached these Terms of Use, CDIC may pursue any and all available remedies available to it, in any combination. These remedies include termination of the visitor’s access to the CDIC website, with or without notice.
Any breach by visitors of these Terms of Use may cause irreparable harm to CDIC for which monetary damages would be inadequate. CDIC may seek, in addition to the other remedies available to us, any injunctive or equitable relief that we deem appropriate, without needing to post a judicial bond.
Disclaimer
The information on the CDIC website is provided for general reference purposes only. While every effort is made to ensure that the CDIC website is up to date and accurate, CDIC accepts no responsibility or liability for the accuracy or completeness of the content or for any loss which may arise from reliance on information contained in the CDIC website. The Content is provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. In no event shall CDIC be liable for any damages whatsoever, including special, indirect or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of information available on this CDIC website.
Indemnity
The visitor will indemnify the CDIC and their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents and other representatives against all claims, demands, damages, losses, fines, expenses (including all legal fees and costs) and/or any other type of liability (collectively, “Claims”) to the extent the Claim is caused by (1) the visitor’s breach of these Terms of Use, and/or (2) the visitor’s use of the CDIC website. We may, in our sole discretion, assume the exclusive defence and control of any Claim otherwise subject to this indemnification by the visitor. Even if we assume the defence of a Claim, the visitor will remain responsible for the payment of the Claim, and the visitor will cooperate as fully as reasonably required by us in the defence of any Claim.
Governing Law
These Terms of Use and all disputes or other matters arising out of the visitor’s use of the CDIC website will be governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario and the applicable laws of Canada, without regard to conflict of law principles. Any dispute will be dealt with solely by a court of competent jurisdiction in Canada or such other location as the parties may expressly agree.
Changes
CDIC may at any time without notice change these Terms of Use. The visitor’s continued use of the CDIC website following the posting of changes to these Terms of Use will mean that they accept and agree to the changes. The date of the last update or change to these Terms of Use is noted at the bottom of this page.
Questions and Feedback
CDIC welcomes questions and feedback. Contact us by mail, telephone or email.
Mail: Canada Deposit Insurance Corporation50 O’Connor Street, 17th floorOttawa, OntarioK1P 6L2Telephone: 1-800-461-2342TTY service: 613-943-6456Email: info@cdic.ca
If the visitor chooses to send CDIC an email, their personal information will be used by CDIC in order to respond to their inquiry. CDIC does not use the information to create individual profiles, nor does it disclose the information to anyone outside of CDIC.
Emails and other electronic methods used to communicate with CDIC are not secure. Therefore, it is recommended that visitors do not send sensitive personal information, such as Social Insurance Numbers or dates of birth, through non-secure electronic means.
Last updated: February 12, 2020
About CDICOur history
History of failures
Evolution of CDIC
Organizational Structure
Our management team
Business conduct
Board of Directors
Biographies
Robert Sanderson
Linda Caty
David Dominy
Wendy Millar
Andrew Kriegler
Tiff Macklem
J. Martin Castonguay
Paul Beaudry
Paul Rochon
Leah Anderson
Jeremy Rudin
Jamey Hubbs
Judith Robertson
Board Charter
Board nominations and terms
Advisory Panel
Board Committees
Audit Committee Charter
Risk Committee Charter
Governance and Human Resources Committee Charter
Our Partners
Financial safety net
Oversight of Canada’s Financial System
Provincial Deposit Insurers
International Cooperation
Reports and Disclosure
Corporate Reporting
Annual Report 2020
Corporate Reporting Previously Published
Disclosure
Travel and hospitality expenses
Previously published travel and hospitality expenses
Dean Cosman – Travel
Dean Cosman – Hospitality
Michael Mercer – Travel
Michael Mercer – Hospitality
Anthony Carty – Travel
Anthony Carty – Hospitality
Chantal Richer – Travel
Chantal Richer – Hospitality
Karen Badgerow – Travel
Karen Badgerow – Hospitality
Michèle Bourque – Travel
Michèle Bourque – Hospitality
Claudia Morrow – Travel
Claudia Morrow – Hospitality
Tom Vice – Travel
Tom Vice – Hospitality
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2019-2020
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2018-2019
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2017-2018
Report on annual expenses for travel, hospitality and conferences 2016-2017
Access to Information Act Annual Report 2019-2020
Privacy Act Annual Report 2019-2020
Special examination report – 2020
InfoSource
Privacy & Access to information
How to make a request
Principles for assisting applicants
Completed Access to Information requests
Privacy Impact Assessments
Personal Information Banks Registered by CDIC
Employment Application Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Website Privacy Notice
Social media
Social media terms of use
Back to top
We use cookies to improve functionality and performance. By clicking "OK" or by continuing to browse this site, you agree to the use of cookies. To find out more, visit the cookies section of our privacy policy.
OK