https://www.mia.org.uk/privacy-policy/
Home » Privacy Policy
MIA Privacy Policy
May 2018
Data controller:
Music Industries Association
Bailey House
4-10 Barttelot Road
Horsham
RH12 1DQ
01403 800500
enquiries@mia.org.uk
The Music Industries Association (MIA) take your privacy seriously. Therefore we aim to provide you with information on how we collect, gather, and identify information during your visit to our site.
As part of any membership application process, we collect and process personal and/or business data relating to members. We are committed to being transparent about how we collect and use the data and to meeting data protection obligations.
What information do we collect?
The MIA collects information on our users in two ways: by your voluntary submissions (for instance, if you sign up as a member, or for our newsletters) and through cookie technology. In our effort to provide personalisation and opportunities for services, we may at times ask you to submit information such as your name or email address, or to share your interests and musical preferences with us. You never have to answer these questions, and you can decline this exchange of information on any site, at any time.
This information may be expanded or updated as we change or develop our site. We suggest that you review this policy from time-to-time for updated information. Your continued use of our site (www.mia.org.uk) signifies your acceptance of our privacy policy.
Please note that the MIA does not pass the Personally Identifiable Information of our users to unidentifiable Third-Parties. Personally Identifiable Information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, phone number, email or postal address. In many cases we need this information to provide the personalised or enhanced service that you have requested. The amount of Personally Identifiable Information that you choose to disclose to the MIA is completely up to you. The only way we know something about you personally is if you provide it to us in conjunction with one of our services.
Data will be stored in a range of different places, including on your application record, systems and on other IT systems (including email).
How do we use the data?
The information the MIA collects is used in a variety of ways: for internal review; to improve the content of the site, thus making your user experience more valuable; to notify you about updates to the service; and to let you know about products and services that you may be interested in. E-Mail: If you have provided us your email address, the MIA occasionally sends promotional e-mail to its subscribers about services offered by our company and its partners.
For MIA Members, in accordance with the agreement on the application form, the following apply:
As a member of the MIA your contact details will be displayed on the MIA website.
We will also contact you, as required, by phone, email or mail with information designed to promote, protect and support your business.
We require at least one nominated member of your team to subscribe to the MIA newsletter, which is designed to both inform and protect our members.
With whom does the MIA share the information?
Your information may be shared internally for the purposes of the application process.
We will not share your data with third parties, unless your application for membership is successful. We will then from time to time share your data with our partner companies for marketing purposes or the information is used by the MIA to contact members for its own marketing schemes.
Third Party Data Processors
Like most organisations we rely on a number of third-party providers to support our day-to-day operations, for example in areas such as online file storage and email delivery. We may also hire third parties to operate, maintain or improve our website and other digital services. Some of these service providers will by necessity have access to or be directly involved in processing or storing a subset of the personal information you share with us.
All our third-party data processors have been carefully chosen as service suppliers who also practice responsible data handling. We believe that each has in place appropriate protections to ensure the security of the data we store or process with them and have clear policies for how they treat that data. But if in doubt you should review their individual Privacy Policies.
Google (Website analytics): https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
MailChimp (Email marketing): https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Microsoft (Email services) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-GB/privacystatement
Dropbox (Cloud Storage) https://www.dropbox.com/help/security/data-transfers-europe-us
Before using or sharing your information with third parties in ways not described here or previously authorised by you, we will provide you with notice and an opportunity to control the further use or disclosure of your personal information.
Other circumstances in which we may share personal data with third parties
We may also share your personal data with the following third parties in certain circumstances:
We will share personal information with law enforcement or other authorities (such as tax authorities) if required by applicable law.
We may share personal information with professional advisors such as lawyers, accountants or auditors in order for them to provide legal, accounting or auditing services to us.
How do we protect data?
We take the security of your data seriously. We have internal policies and controls in place to ensure that your data is not lost, accidentally destroyed, misused or disclosed, and is not accessed except by our employees in the proper performance of their duties.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If any of the information is incorrect or incomplete we will change it at your request. If you want us to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing please let us know.
If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal and/or business information, please email us at the following address; enquiries@mia.org.uk or write to us at Bailey House, 4-10 Barttelot Road, Horsham, West Sussex RH12 1DQ. We may make a small charge for this service
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org
You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use by the Music Industries Association of the information described in this Privacy Policy. Again, if you do not wish us to share this information with other reputable companies that we think you might be interested in, please let us know by emailing us at enquiries@mia.org.uk
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you: by email enquiries@mia.org.uk or write to us at Bailey House, 4-10 Barttelot Road, Horsham, West Sussex RH12 1DQ
Search for:
Brexit Guide for the Music Industry