http://www.bibbytransmissions.co.uk/legal/privacy-policy
Select Language
English
Contact
Toggle navigation
Company
Overview
Careers
Service & Support
Terms & Conditions
Altra Industrial Motion
Legal, Privacy Policy
Products
High Performance Disc Couplings
Industrial Couplings
Torque Control
Key Markets
Aerospace & Defense
Bridge & Dam
Crane & Hoist
Forestry Market
Marine
Material Handling
Metal Processing
Metal Producer
Metal Shredder
Mining & Aggregate
Oil & Gas
Power Generation Market
Wastewater
Literature
NewsRoom
Home
Legal, Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. General Statement
2. Organizational Information, Website & Data Collection
3. Online Tracking Information
4. Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From You
5. Saving Content
6. Creating Login Credentials
7. How We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
8. Other Information We Collect
9. How We Use Other Information We Collect
10. Methods to Collect Information
11. Sharing Your Information
12. Storage and Retention
13. Security of Your Information
14. Processing of Personal Data
15. Links to Other Sites
16. Children’s Privacy
17. Rights to Data; Contacting Us
18. California Consumer Privacy Act Statement
19. Acknowledgment and Consent
1. General Statement
Altra Industrial Motion Corp. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (herein collectively referred to as “Altra”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Notice explains our policies and practices regarding online visitor information. It is through this disclosure that we intend to provide you with a level of comfort and confidence in how we collect, use, and safeguard personally identifiable and other information we collect or that you provide through this website, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. By using the site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice.
2. Information About Our Organization and Website and General Data Collection Practices
The business purpose of the Altramotion.com website (this “site”) is to provide visitors with knowledge of the Altra brands and products.
3. Online Tracking Information
When you visit this site other parties such as third-party advertising partners and analytics providers may collect information about your digital activity over time and across digital platforms. This information may include identifiers that may permit those parties to serve tailored ads to your device(s).
Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies, however, this may prevent you from having access to some functions or services on our sites.
4. Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From You
When you visit this site we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. For purposes of this Privacy Notice, personally identifiable information is information that identifies you as an individual including, without limitation, your name, street address, telephone number, email address (and credit card number if you place an order) and other personally identifiable information as you may voluntarily provide to us. If you opt not to provide us with personally identifiable information you may still access our website, however you will be unable to participate in certain promotions, such as sweepstakes, create login credentials in order to use certain functionalities on this site, activate or use a service, have a purchase order fulfilled, receive product information, or find the name, address and telephone number of a dealer.
5. Saving Content
Some functionality and services we provide you offer the opportunity to save certain content in two ways. You can save it anonymously
(in that instance, content will be associated with your computer by placing a session or persistent cookie on it), or by creating login credentials described in the next paragraph.
6. Creating Login Credentials
Certain pages of this website may allow you to create login credentials by typing in your user name/ID or email address and password and other information, or by using one of the available social
media authentication methods such as Facebook, Google +, and Yahoo. If you choose to create login credentials using your account with one of the available social media authentication tools,
you allow us to access your information that is publicly available or that you have made publicly available (e.g., name, user ID, profile picture), and information you “Allow” the website to access.
By authenticating through one of the social media options, you allow us to receive your information that is accessible. We encourage you to review the privacy policy and any terms and conditions,
for the method you choose to utilize for authentication.
7. How We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Personally identifiable information collected on this site will be used for legitimate business and marketing purposes, including, without limitation to:
Fulfill a site user request (e.g., create log in credentials, brochure fulfillment, send marketing or promotional materials including e-mails, price quotes, save or share content)
Fulfill and deliver an order for goods
Respond to your comments or requests for information
Meet a request for or to develop new products
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Develop new and improved products and marketing
Contact you if necessary in the course of processing or shipping an order for products
Generate site analytics that improve our site layout, content, product offerings
Compile user data that is stored in our corporate database; for site visitors in the U.S. this data may be used for marketing and other purposes
Match personal data collected here with data about you that we collect through other sources
Comply with legal and regulatory requirements
8. Other (Non-Personally Identifiable) Information We Collect From Site Visitors
This site collects other “non-personally identifiable information” from site visitors. This means that we do not track these items on an individual basis that identifies the site visitor, but rather gather and collect this information on an aggregate or anonymous basis that includes all site visitors. Non-personally identifiable information may include information such as tracking the site pages that are visited, the amount of time spent on our site, clicks, mouse movements, scrolls, page views, events (which shopping tools you interacted with), and zip code. This includes aggregate data provided by a third-party that surveys site visitors on our behalf.
If you visit a related mobile site or are directed to this site via a QR Code that you scanned, we collect additional non-personally identifiable information which may include the type/model of the mobile device viewing this site and the mobile device’s service provider and operating system.
If your mobile phone has the capability and the GPS feature on the mobile phone is turned on, you can utilize certain locator functionalities on this site which may utilize GPS data to determine your location in order to fulfill your request.
Our primary goal in collecting non-personally identifiable information from you is to be able to perform site metrics that allow us to improve the functionality of the website.
We may use session and persistent “cookies,” session logs, spot light ads/web beacons/GIF/pixel tags, banner ads or links, third-party networks that serve user-requested emails (e.g., a third party email service provider for Tell-a-Friend user-customized emails), and third-party click tracking analytics tools (such as Google Analytics, BrightEdge and Siteimprove; these companies may also use such tools) to collect aggregate or other non-personally identifiable information about site visitors. An explanation on collection methods and how they work is included in Section 7 - Methods to Collect Information, below.
Google is independently owned and operated, and data collected by Google is subject to its privacy policy. We encourage you to review the Google privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy.html and Google’s How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ ) so that you can understand how the data is collected, used and shared.
9. How We Use the Aggregate or Non-Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Non-Personally identifiable information collected on this site may be used to:
Compile aggregate and statistical data to help in website design and to identify popular features
Measure site activity to allow us to update our site to better meet user wants and needs
Provide you content that may be of interest to you based on pages visited and items viewed
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Develop new and improved products, services and marketing
This site utilizes non-personally identifiable information for the purpose of performing analytics on the user’s experience while visiting this site. This analysis:
Is performed on an aggregate level and does not identify you or your information personally
May involve the use of a third-party vendor acting on behalf of this site
May be combined with data collected by third parties on other sites and apps and across devices
Is performed in order to improve our website and the user experience
May include the use of session and/or persistent cookies to track user movement across this and other Altra Industrial Motion Corp. websites or to track
other events within or across this and other Altra Industrial Motion Corp. websites.
10. Methods to Collect Information
A “cookie” is a small text file that helps us in many ways to make your visit to our website more enjoyable and meaningful to you. For example, cookies avoid you having to log in every time you come back to one of our websites. They also allow us to tailor a website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. There are a couple different types of cookies.
A “session” cookie is stored only in your computer’s working memory (RAM) and only lasts for your browsing session. When you close all your browser’s windows, or when you shut down your computer, the session cookie disappears forever.
A “persistent” cookie is stored on your computer’s hard drive until a specified date, which could be tomorrow, next week, or 10 years from now. Persistent cookies stay on your computer until either a) they expire, b) they are overwritten with newer cookies, or c) you manually remove them. Most browsers can be configured not to accept cookies, however, this may prevent you from having access to some site functions or features.
This site may use a third party to activate and/or deliver a service, or deliver site functionality such as fulfilling your request to purchase a product or service, including items from our online store. In performing this function the third party may place a persistent cookie on your computer or have to gather personal information from you in order to activate and deliver the service, or facilitate the processing of your purchase.
This site may use third-party click tracking analytics tools (such as Google Analytics, BrightEdge and Siteimprove) to capture clickthrough statistics. These parties may collect information about your use of this site and across different sites and mobile apps, and across devices over time.
This site may use spotlight ads/web beacons/GIF/pixel tags which are site instrumentation tools that help us to determine, for instance, whether a page has been viewed or not and, if so, how many times. Emails or electronic newsletters we send may use tools (e.g., pixel tags or web beacons) to gather email metrics and information to improve the reader’s experience such as how many of the emails are opened, if they were printed or forwarded, the type of device (e.g., mobile or PC) from which they were opened, and the city, state, and county associated with the applicable IP address. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a webpage, including an ad banner, can act as a web beacon.
This website may generate a “session log” when you visit our site. We use session logs to help us determine how people travel through our site. In this way, we can structure our pages so that the information most frequently visited is easier to find. By tracking page visits, we can also determine if the information we’re providing is being used. The only data gathered is the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you came, the website that referred you, the pages you visited and the date and time of those visits.
Users may be directed to this site via banner ads, site links or QR Codes. Ads, site links or QR Codes may use tools such as cookies or web beacons to deliver metrics on the effectiveness of the ads or links. They do not collect personally identifiable information from the user.
Users you may be provided the opportunity to integrate with third-party social media sites, and this site may track on an aggregate level the number of items “liked” on this site, or items on this site that you choose to share with a third-party social media site.
11. Sharing Your Information
This site does not share, sell, rent, release, disclose, disseminate, make available, transfer, or otherwise communicate orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, personally identifiable information with independent companies or third parties for their own use for monetary or other valuable consideration.
If you create account credentials, you may be provided the opportunity to use the same account identification (email address) for one or more Altra websites or you may choose to create a new account. To facilitate this for you, when you provide your email address to us on registration on certain portions of this website, we may check whether there is already an existing account with this email address and advise you. When you register with another Altra website, we share with such website whether an account exists for the email address you have entered so that you can be advised whether you may use an existing account.
Personally identifiable information that you provide to us in the course of using our site features or requesting a product through this website may be gathered and stored in one or more of our corporate databases. For site visitors in the U.S. personally identifiable information may be used for purposes of contacting you for things like promotional offers, marketing programs, or other communications from this website or other Altra Industrial Motion programs.
We may share personally identifiable information that we collect about you internally among Altra affiliates worldwide (see Section 14).
We may also share personally identifiable information with external third-party vendors, contractors or partners performing services for Altra in the normal course of business. Such third-party service providers have access to your data solely for the purposes specified in this Privacy Notice, and we require these providers to undertake security measures consistent with the protections specified in this Privacy Notice and required by applicable law.
We may be required to disclose your data to other third parties (a) as may be required by applicable law; (b) to protect Altra’s legal rights to the extent authorized or permitted by law, in the context of business transactions, or (d) in an emergency where the health or safety of an individual may be endangered.
In addition, in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, or other transfer or disposition of all or any portion of our business, we may transfer your data to successor entities or parties.
12. Storage and Retention
We will retain your data until you request its deletion in accordance with Section 17 below.
13. Security of Your Information
Safeguarding information of visitors to our website is important to us. While no systems, applications or websites are 100% secure, we employ technical and organizational safeguards designed to maintain accuracy of information, to protect information from loss, misuse or alteration and to comply with applicable legal requirements for information security.
When you send personally identifiable information, such as email address or telephone numbers, to this site we use technologies such as “Secure Socket Layers” (SSL) or “Transport Layer Security (TLS) to protect your data. SSL and TLS are encryption technologies that helps safeguard your personally identifiable information against misuse by unauthorized individuals.
Vendors, contractors or partners of this site who have access to your personally identifiable information in connection with providing services for this site are required to keep the information confidential.
Vendors are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for this site.
14. Processing of Personal Data
Altra is a global organization and, accordingly, your personally identifiable data may be transferred to and processed in the United States and other countries that may not be deemed to provide the same level of data protection as your home country.
We maintain and apply data protection standards consistent with those specified in this Privacy Notice to our operations globally.
In addition, Altra has entered into Standard Contractual Clauses with each of its European affiliates in order to facilitate lawful transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA) to all third countries, including the United States, while providing sufficient protection for the privacy of individuals located within the EEA.
15. Links to Other Sites
This site provides links to other websites. We encourage you to review the privacy notices, statements and/or policies of all sites that you visit, including those whose links are provided so that you can understand how those sites collect, use and share your information. This site is not responsible for the privacy statements/notices, content or data handling practices on other websites.
Parts of this site may provide distributor and seller locator services which are provided by a third-party vendor. In order to provide you with the closest distributors, we may need to collect your IP address to determine your general location, or we may ask you to provide location information such as zip code or City and State. In instances where we use a third-party vendor to provide dealer locator services, we will provide them a zip code.
If you use available mapping functionality on this website, you agree to be bound by the mapping service’s terms and conditions/privacy policy. For example, if you use Bing you agree to be bound by the Microsoft Service Agreement and Microsoft Online Privacy Statement. In addition, if you are on an associated mobile site and the GPS feature on the mobile phone is turned on (if it has such capability), the GPS data may be utilized by the mapping service to determine your location in order to fulfill your request for location services.
If you use the Google Street View functionality on this website, you agree to be bound by Google's Terms of Use and Google's Privacy Policy.
16. Children’s Privacy
This site does not knowingly intend to collect personally identifiable information from children under 16 years of age.
If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at the phone number or mailing address listed in Section 14, or through a CCPA rights request listed in Section 19, if they want this information deleted from our records. We will then make reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from the database that stores information for this site.
17. Rights to Data; Contacting Us
You may exercise the following rights in relation to the personally identifiable data you provide to us:
You may access and obtain a copy of your data upon request;
You may require us to change incorrect or incomplete data;
You may require us to delete or stop processing your data, for example when your data is no longer necessary for purposes of processing (except where retention is required by any contractual relationship with Altra, in the context of a legal dispute, or as otherwise required by law); and
You may object to the processing of your data.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or if you otherwise have any questions, comments or concerns about this online Privacy Notice, this site’s privacy practices, or the contents of this website please contact us at:
Email: dataprivacy@altramotion.com
In addition, if you believe that we have not complied with your data protection rights, you have the right to file a complaint with the data protection authority of your home country.
18. California Consumer Privacy Act Statement
This California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) Statement applies to California residents only, and supplements this Privacy Notice with additional disclosures, rights, and obligations. Any terms defined in the CCPA, unless otherwise defined, have the same meaning when used in this section.
(a)	Disclosures about the information we collect
Altra has collected the following categories of Personal Information from its consumers within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
Sold
Identifiers
name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, account name, phone number, email address, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
No
To learn more about the types of Personal Information we collect from you, see Sections 4, 5, & 6 of this Privacy Notice. To learn about the business or commercial purposes for collecting this Personal Information, see Section 7 of this Privacy Notice. To learn about the sources of Personal Information, see Section 10 of this Privacy Notice. To learn about who we share this Personal Information with, see Section 12 of this Privacy Notice.
(b)	Rights under the CCPA
As of January 1, 2020, California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their Personal Information is shared with third-parties or affiliated companies. California residents may exercise the following rights with respect to their Personal Information:
i. Right to Knowledge and Access
Up to two times each year, California residents may request that Altra disclose what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. Once we confirm your verifiable request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you.
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
Sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
Disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
ii. Right to Deletion
California residents may request the deletion of their Personal Information collected or maintained by Altra. Once we confirm your verifiable request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
iii. Right to Opt-Out
California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of Personal Information to third-parties. However, as disclosed in this Privacy Notice, Altra does not sell your information to third parties (see section 11).
(c)	Exercising your rights and verifying your request
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, or if you otherwise have any questions, comments or concerns about this CCPA Statement, please contact us at:
Email: dataprivacy@altramotion.com
Toll-free number: 877-939-9039
If you are exercising any of these rights, Altra will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days and provide you with information about how we will verify your request and when you should expect a response. Within 45 days Altra will respond your request, unless we require an additional 45 days, in which case we will give you notice and an explanation of the reason for the extension. In verifying your request, we will match the identifying information you provide us to your Personal Information maintained by Altra. We will consider the following factors when reasonably verifying your request:
type, sensitivity, and value of the Personal Information collected and maintained;
risk of harm posed by unauthorized access or deletion;
whether the Personal Information provided to verify your identity is sufficiently robust to prevent against fraudulent requests;
the manner in which Altra interacts with you; and
available technology for verification.
Altra will not discriminate against any California resident for exercising their rights under the CCPA (e.g. denying access to goods, charging different prices, etc.), unless permitted by applicable law, including differences reasonably related to the value provided by the California consumer’s Personal Information.
19. Acknowledgment and Consent
By visiting this site and providing your personally identifiable information to us, you acknowledge and consent that:
You have reviewed this Privacy Notice and agree that we may process your personally identifiable data in accordance with this Privacy Notice; and
Your personally identifiable data may be transferred and processed worldwide, including in the United States and other countries that may not be deemed to provide the same level of data protection as your home country, for the purposes and in the manner specified in this Privacy Notice.
We will process your data in accordance with this Privacy Notice, unless in conflict with the requirements of applicable law, in which case applicable law will prevail.
Legal, Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclosure
Resources
Application Profiles
Literature
ATEX Certification
ISO Certification
UK Customer Service
Customer Service
+44 (0) 1924 460801
sales@bibbytransmissions.co.uk
SA Customer Service
Customer Service
+27 (0) 11 918 4270/9
salesza@altramotion.com
Contact Us
Bibby Turboflex, Unit 16
Victoria Spring Business Park
Wormald St, Liversedge
WF15 6RA - England
Phone: +44(0) 1924 460801Fax: +44(0) 1924 457668Email: sales@bibbytransmissions.co.uk
Quick Links
ATEX Certification
ISO Certification
Media
Application Profiles
Literature
NewsRoom
Follow Us At
facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
2020
©
Altra Industrial Motion Corp.
ALL Rights Reserved.
Legal, Privacy Policy
|
UK Tax Policy Statement
|
SiteMap
|
Contact