http://www.governmentauctions.org/privacy.asp
Read our Blog
| Member Privileges |
FAQ
| About |
Contact |
Affiliates
| Mobile | Login
Privacy Commitment
See What Others Are
Saying About Us!
Thursday, December 10, 2020
See Us on CNBC
Listen to Our Interview
Our Latest Interview
"State and local
government surplus sales are currently about 25 percent higher
than they were in July, according to GovernmentAuctions.org
. . . ."
See
More News
Privacy Commitment
Your Privacy is
of Utmost Importance to Us
Effective
01/06/2017
Privacy
Notice Table Of
Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Outside Websites
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's
Privacy
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
How to Access or Correct
Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better
protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information
practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is
collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on
our homepage and at every point on our website where personally identifiable
information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected
or submitted on the GovernmentAuctions.org®
website. On some pages, you can order services, make requests, register for
membership, and join our affiliate program.
The types of personally identifiable information that may be
collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Your Chosen Login Information
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself
when registering for membership or for our affiliate program to help us complete
that membership or affiliate program registration and to offer you the services
you registered for or that you otherwise request or have contracted for.
GovernmentAuctions.org®
will not sell or rent any your personally identifiable information to any third
parties and will not share any of your personally identifiable information with
third parties except in the limited circumstances described below, or with your
express permission.
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically
receive certain information and store it in log files.  This information
includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service
provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and
clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify
individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’
movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user
base as a whole.  Specifically, we use third-party log analytics software called
Urchin that uses log files to track this non-personally identifiable information
about visitors. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally
identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a
user’s computer for record-keeping purposes.
We use cookies on this site to recognize you as a
GovernmentAuctions.org®
member or as our affiliate program participant. We use session cookies, if and
when you log into our website. These cookies make it easier for you to navigate
our site by allowing our website to recognize you if you visit multiple pages in
our site during the same session, so that you don't need to re-enter your login
information multiple times. Once you log out or close your browser, these
session cookies expire and no longer have any effect.
We also use longer-lasting cookies, which are not
linked to any personally identifiable information, to gauge our online
advertising and promotion efforts and to prevent users from registering for more
than the maximum allowable number of special offers or trials, as we may make
available from time to time. Additionally, we use longer-lasting cookies to
process our Affiliate Program such that if you use an affiliate referral link to
sign up with us (either for membership or for our affiliate program), your
account is recorded as having been referred by that affiliate. For your
protection, your account information is never shared with any affiliates.
Finally, from time to time, we may also use longer-lasting cookies to enable us
to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our
site.
Some of our business partners (for example,
advertisers and others) may use cookies on our site.  We have no access to or
control over these cookies. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by
GovernmentAuctions.org (http://www.governmentauctions.org)
only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-parties. [See also
Outside Websites section.]
You can remove cookies by following directions
provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. If you reject cookies, you may
still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as our
member pages, will be limited.
Pixel Tags
Like many websites, GovernmentAuctions.org®
may also use pixel tags, also known as use clear gifs, web beacons, or spotlight
tags to help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content,
advertising, and promotions are effective.  We may also implement pixel tags
provided by other companies, for the same purpose. Pixel tags are tiny graphics
with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track
the online movements of Web users across specific pages.  In contrast to
cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, pixel tags are
embedded on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this
sentence.  We do not tie the information gathered by pixel tags to our
customers’ personally identifiable information.
Third-Party Advertising Companies
Like other sites, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect data when you
visit our Website.  These companies may use information (not including your name,
address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this web site,
other Web sites and other forms of media, in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you.  If you would like more information
about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information
used by these companies you can click here.
Disclosure to Third Parties
We will not sell or rent any your personally
identifiable information to any third parties and we will not share any of your
personally identifiable information with third parties except in the limited
circumstances described below, or with your express permission.
1.
We disclose information that we in
good faith believe is appropriate to cooperate in law enforcement investigations
of fraud or other illegal activity, and to conduct investigations of violations
of our Terms of Use and/or our Affiliate Agreement.
2.
We disclose information as required by
law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights
and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, or legal
process served on us.
3.
We may disclose information to your
agent or legal representative such as a holder of a power of attorney that you
granted, or a guardian appointed for you.
4.
As with any other businesses, it is
possible that Cyweb Holdings Inc. or the GovernmentAuctions.org®
website in the future could merge with or be acquired by another company (either
via stock transfer or asset sale). If such an acquisition or merger occurs, or
in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, the successor company or other assign would
have access to the information maintained by us, including account information
of our members and affiliates, but it would continue to be bound by this Privacy
Policy unless and until it is amended as described below.
5.
When you register for membership on
our website, it is necessary for us to share some of your information with our
payment processors (which may be Paypal or Clickbank) for the purpose of
accepting registration fees and/or associating your chosen or given login
information with your account with us. If and when you enter information on
PayPal’s or Clickbank’s site, the collection and use of the information that you
share with them will be subject to their respective privacy policies.
6.
We may share information necessary to
conduct their duties or functions with our employees or with those who are
otherwise contracted to conduct customer service, technical support, affiliate
support or other functions on our behalf. These service providers are subject to
confidentiality agreements with us or are otherwise limited by law or by
contract from using the information for secondary purposes beyond those limited
ones for which the information is shared.
7.
We use non-identifying and aggregate
information to better design our website and to share with advertisers, other
parties, and for public relations purposes. For example, we may tell an
advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website,
or that Y number of individuals from Alabama and Z number of individuals from
Florida filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything
that could be used to identify those individuals.
8.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect data when you
visit our Website.  These companies may use information (not including your name,
address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this web site,
other Web sites and other forms of media, in order to provide advertisements
about goods and services of interest to you.
9.
If you do not complete your registration/transaction, We may allow third party software use of your name and email to
inquire why you did not complete your registration/transaction.
Communications
from us
We have the ability to retain any data that you provide on this website, even if you do not complete your registration/transaction . Such contact details and data may be used
to contact you to inquire why you did not complete your registration/transaction.
We use
return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Email addresses obtained
in this manner are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with
outside parties, unless your issue or question requires it. If you send us
correspondence, including e-mails and faxes, we retain such information in the
records of your account. We will also retain customer service correspondence and
other correspondence from GovernmentAuctions.org®
to you. We retain these records in order to measure and improve our customer
service, and to investigate potential fraud and violations of our Terms of Use
and our Affiliate Agreement. We may, over time, delete these records if
permitted by law.
We communicate with members and affiliates on a
regular basis via email to provide requested services and support. When you
register for membership on our website or for our affiliate program, we may send
you updates or other important information regarding your account. For example,
we may send you confirmation email and registration expiration and renewal
updates. We may also send your information related to changes to our policies,
products or services.  Generally, you cannot not-opt out of these service
communications. But they will be informational in nature rather than
promotional.
If you join us as an affiliate (but not as a
member), so long as you participate in our affiliate program, we may also use
the information you provide about yourself or about your organization to
communicate with you via email, mail, telephone or fax to reply to your
inquiries, to provide you with requested products and services, to set up your
affiliate account, and to contact you regarding new products, services, and
promotions. Affiliates may not opt out of these communications.
Opt-out
We never use or share the personally identifiable
information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described in
this statement without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise
prohibit such unrelated uses. If you join us a member, we may use your email to
send you other types of communications that you can control, such as
newsletters, and communications that advise you of new and/or related products,
services, and offers. If, at any time, you prefer not to receive these emails,
simply follow the unsubscribe/opt-out options at the bottom of the email to
opt-out of any future non-service emails.
Please contact us at mypreferencesgovernmentauctions.org
should you have any problems changing your email preferences.
Referrals
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we
will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically
send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Cyweb
Holdings Inc stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this
one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may
contact us at at support governmentauctions.org to request that we remove this
information from our database.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button
and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run
on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are
visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function
properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party
or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are
governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it
Outside Websites
GovernmentAuctions.org®
may link to other websites (including, but not limited to, our payment
processors, advertisers, business partners, and others we deem of interest to
our users). GovernmentAuctions.org®
is not responsible for the privacy practices of other Web sites. We encourage
you to view the privacy policies of all websites that you visit and use.
When you click to redeem
your hotel certificate, you will be taken to a third party site that may be
branded with GovernmentAuctions.org logos.  It may appear that the user is still
on our site, but the user is in fact on a third party Web site.  The privacy
policy of this third party governs the use and collection of the personally
identifiable information while on the hotel certificate redemption site.
Our Commitment to Data Security
The security of your personal information is important to us.
To prevent unauthorized access,
maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put
in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When you
register and pay  for membership or to be an affiliate with us, we protect any
information you enter  using Verisign’s secure socket layer (SSL)
encryption.   Furthermore, we physically restrict access to your personally
identifiable information to employees and service providers on a need-to-know
basis.
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the
personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission
and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method
of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee
its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site,
you can contact us at support@governmentauctions.org.
Our Commitment to Children's
Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is
especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information
at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our
website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This
policy may be revised over time as new features are added to our service or as
we incorporate suggestions from our customers, so please review it frequently.
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy
statement page (https://www.governmentauctions.org/privacy.asp)
and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information
we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose
it.  If we make material changes to this policy, 30 days prior to the change, we
will either notify you by posting a notice here, by email, or by means of a
notice on our home page. (if you no longer have a membership or affiliate
account with us, you will not be contacted to notify you of the amended changes
and your personal information will not be used or disclosed in this new manner)
Please check the GovernmentAuctions.org®
website at
www.governmentauctions.org for the most current version of our policy.
How You Can Correct Your
Information
If you have a membership account with us, you can correct factual errors in your
personally identifiable information or if you no longer desire our service, you
may ask to have it removed/delete it by sending us an email request at support
governmentauctions.org. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take
reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making
corrections
If you have an affiliate program account with us,
you may change your information by logging into your affiliate account, and
clicking on “Change Your Information.”
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about
these privacy policies, please send us an email at privacygovernmentauctions.org,
or write to us at:
Privacy Policy
GovernmentAuctions.org
70 Middle Neck Rd., Suite 5
Great Neck, NY 11021
See our
Commercial
Having Appeared in Various Markets
Watch a Live Government Auction
Showing both Preview & Bidding
Seized Car Sold at
Customs Auction
You won’t believe the deal!
US Marshals Vehicle Auction
Where some high-end vehicles are sold
GovernmentAuctions.org on
CNBC
Our interview on CNBC’s Power Lunch
Activate Free Trial
| Member Privileges
| Government
Auctions Blog | Contact Information | HOME| Affiliate Program
In the News
| Advertise | Terms of Use Privacy
Commitment | FEMA TRAILERS | Foreclosure
Investing Tutorial
| Tax Sales
| Articles
| Find Government Auctions
Car Auctions
| Seized Property & Surplus Property
| Foreclosures
| Video Tutorials
Copyright ©
2003-2019
Cyweb Holdings Inc. All
Rights Reserved. COPYRIGHT NOTICE
GovernmentAuctions.org is a registered servicemark of Cyweb Holdings Inc.
Follow
GovernmentAuctions.org on Twitter |
Become a Fan of GovernmentAuctions.org on Facebook
Government Auctions Listed
by State / Territory (ALL) | Federal
Government Seized Property Auctions | Federal
Government Surplus Property Auctions
Federal Government Real Estate Auctions
| Bankruptcy Auctions | State
Government Auctions
University Auctions
|
Local Government and Police Auctions | Canadian Government
Auctions | GovernmentAuctions.com