http://www.idealinc.com/policies#privacy
Home
/
Policies
Shipping
All orders are shipped via UPS within 5 business days.
If a tracking number if provided by the shipping carrier, we will update your order with the tracking information.
For the time being, we ship only within Canada and the United States. For exceptions, please contact us at orders@idealinc.com.
Free shipping
Free shipping excludes Hawaii, Alaska, Guam, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, and the Territories in Canada.
When a free shipping promotion is active, we reserve the right to refuse free shipping on certain orders. In such a case, we will contact you to advise you and provide an estimate for shipping, at which time you will have the choice to proceed with or cancel the order. We apologize for this potential inconvenience.
Trade Shipping Charges Policy (Retail & Wholesale Customers, Canada)
Transport paid by Ideal Security is limited to actual shipping charges from Prescott, Ontario to the customer’s business address. Any special or additional charges incurred for appointments, re-delivery, small truck, lift-gate or tail-gate unloading, will be charged to the customer.
If you are aware of special receiving circumstances at your business, please contact our customer service for a shipping quote or to make other shipping arrangements.
Returns and refunds
You must contact us to request a return authorization within 30 days of your purchase
Your item must be in its original unused condition to be returned, unless there is a manufacturer defect.
How To Return An Item
Send an email to info@idealinc.com, and be sure to include your order or invoice number..
We’ll give you an authorization number.
Mail your returned item to one of our distribution centers. Make sure to include your authorization number and a copy of your original invoice or packing slip.
In the United States
Ideal Security Inc
C/O A.N. Deringer, Inc.
835 Commerce Park Drive
Ogdensburg, NY
13669
In Canada
Ideal Security Inc.
855 Edward Street
Prescott, Ontario
K0E1T0
Canada
Warranty
Limited one year warranty
All Ideal Security products are warranted to be free of labour and material defects for one year from date of purchase. Defective products can be returned to place of purchase with proof of purchase for replacement or repair. If this product fails to work as warranted,  customers’ sole and exclusive remedy shall be repair or replacement according to the terms of this limited warranty. Ideal security Inc. does not assume any responsibility for incidental or consequential damages. Please call customer service if you should have questions or missing parts at 1-800-361-2236 x 230 or visit our web site at www.idealinc.com
Privacy
This policy covers how we use your personal information.
We take your privacy seriously and will take all measures to protect your personal information.
What Information Do We Collect?
We only collect information that we need that is related to your order. This includes your:
Billing
Shipping
Email Address Adresse courriel
Credit Card Information
In addition, we also collect information on your IP address, browser type, and Refer URL data.
We use this data to prevent hacking attempts, help us know what web browsers people are using, and find
How Is My Information Used?
Your information is only used to fill your order. We do not sell or redistribute your information to ANYONE.
info@idealinc.com
More...
© 2020 commercebuild. All rights reserved.
To top