http://www.vitraform.com/privacy-policy.php
Vitraform: The Original Glass Sink
Glass Products
Standard Basins Rimless Basins Freestanding Basins Countersinks Pedestals Countertops Other Products
Wood Vanities Mirrors Hardware Colors & Finishes
Glass Colors Engraving & Gilding Wood Finishes Information
Regular Price Lists Specifications& Instructions About Us
History Recent Ads Contact Credits Find a Dealer
PRIVACY
POLICY
VITRAFORM,
INC. PRIVACY POLICY
Last
Revised: February 10, 2014
Vitraform, Inc., a Colorado corporation, and its
affiliates and subsidiaries (together, "Vitraform") are committed to
the protection and appropriate use of the information you submit to us online.  This Privacy Policy (the "Policy")
describes how we collect, use and safeguard personal information obtained from
individual consumers in the United States through the Vitraform website and
related sites managed by Vitraform.
What Personal
Information Does Vitraform Collect?
Vitraform may collect personally identifiable information
from you. Personally identifiable information means any information that may be
used to identify you, including, but not limited to, your name and email address.
You provide us with this personally identifiable information voluntarily
through optional submissions, such as registration forms and login pages. Vitraform collects (or in the future
may collect) personal information from visitors to the Vitraform website such
as names, postal addresses, email addresses, user IDs, password, and, if, when
available, you make an online purchase or pvoide credit card information. Personal
information is collected only for specific purposes and with the knowledge of the
person providing the personal information. WE DO NOT SHARE PERSONALLY
IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES. The only exception is when we
believe we are required to do so by law. Vitraform does not knowingly collect
personal information from persons under 13 years of age.
What Is
Our Policy Concerning Children?
Our website is not intended for children under the age of
13, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from such
children. We strictly comply with the federal Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act of 1998. Children under the age of 13 should not use our website
at any time without a parent or guardian’s consenting to their access. In the
event that we learn that we have inadvertently gathered personal information
from someone under the age of 13, we will take reasonable measures to erase promptly
such information from our records.
What if
I Live Outside of the United States?
Vitraform's site and services are hosted in the United
States. If you are visiting our website from outside the United States, you are
transferring your personal data into the United States when you use the Vitraform
service. Many regions, such as the European Union, have data collection
protections that differ from U.S. law. If you are a European Union citizen,
please see also the section entitled "BBB European Union Safe Harbor
Program" for further information.
How does
Vitraform Maintain Security?
Vitraform is strongly committed to protecting your
information. Vitraform uses several industry best standard methods of securing
user information and data. Examples of our security measures include, where
appropriate, firewalls and secure socket layers. We also maintain strict limits
on who at Vitraform can access the information databases that contain your
information. Since there is no such thing as perfect security over the
Internet, we cannot guarantee 100% security. However, in the unlikely case of a
security breach on our databases, we will take immediate steps to resolve the
problem swiftly and effectively.
Why Do We Collect This Personal
Information?
Purposes for which Vitraform may collect personal
information online include, but are not limited to, product and market research.
"Contact Us" Features.
Vitraform encourages visitors to the Site to contact us
with questions, requests and product reviews and feedback. Vitraform may offer email
news updates for visitors who expressly request such service. Personal
information of persons using these features may be collected in order to
facilitate our responses to those inquiries.
What
Other Information Do We Collect?
We collect non-personally identifiable information, which
does not personally identify you, in the following ways:
Aggregated Information.
We may aggregate personal information in a manner such
that the information does not personally identify you or any other user of the
Site, for example, by using personal information to calculate the percentage of
our users who have a particular telephone area code. Such aggregate information
is considered non-personally identifiable information for purposes of this
Policy.
"Clickstream" Data.
The Site automatically collects certain data concerning its
interactions with visitors that facilitate Site operation, management, and
planning. Such data may include the IP address of your computer, the date and
time of an online request, the type of browser and operating system used by
your computer, the time required to download information you requested, and
error codes generated while your browser is in contact with the Site.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
Cookies are small text files, placed on the hard drive of
a visitor's computer, that facilitate the operation of the Site and visitors'
use of the Site. As is standard practice on many corporate websites, the Site
uses cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags and web beacons, to
help us understand which websites our visitors are coming from and what
websites they go to when they leave the Site, which parts of the Site are the
most popular, and how much time visitors spend on the Site. We also use cookies
and other technologies to customize your experience and provide greater
convenience each time you interact with us. You can configure your browser to
accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set.
(Each browser is different, so click the "Help" menu of your browser
to learn how to change your cookie preferences.) If you reject all cookies, you
may not be able to use those services on the Site that require you to sign in.
Some uses of cookies in connection with the Site may be under the control of third-party
entities that Vitraform retains for the management of certain programs and
fulfillment of specific visitor/consumer requests. Vitraform requests these
entities to confine their use of cookies and similar technologies, but Vitraform
cannot be and is not responsible for third-party uses of cookies.
How Do
We Use the Personal Information We Collect?
Personal information provided by consumers and visitors
to the Site is used to fulfill requests and transactions submitted through the
Site. For example, if you choose to purchase a product or service through the
Site, we may use your personal information to process your transaction and
fulfill your order. If you contact us through the Site, we will use your
personal information to respond to your queries and requests. If you register a
product through the Site, we will use your personal information to fulfill your
registration. From time to time, in our sole discretion, we may use your
personal information to send to you important information regarding the Site,
or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. We may also use your
personal information for our internal business purposes, such as for data
analysis, for audits, to improve our website, to analyze usage patterns and to
improve our services.
When Do
We Disclose the Personal Information We Collect?
We may provide your personal information to our strategic
partners and third-party service providers to fulfill requests and transactions
submitted through the Site. For example, Vitraform may use third-party service
providers to conduct consumer surveys, and Vitraform sometimes shares
information submitted in connection with purchases.
Vitraform may also share certain information with third-party
organizations for the purpose of processing your credit card transactions. Vitraform
seeks to restrict third parties' use of such data to the purposes for which it
has been provided and to ensure the third parties do not disclose that information
to unauthorized parties.
Vitraform may from time to time share your personal
information with our affiliates, or with our business and promotional partners
that offer products or services that we believe will be of interest to you. Vitraform
will provide personal information to law enforcement authorities and other
entities where Vitraform determines that such disclosure is required by
subpoena, warrant, court order or other applicable law or process.
Additionally, Vitraform may disclose personal information if we determine that
such disclosure is required to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use; to
protect our operations; to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Vitraform,
you or others; and to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the
damages that we may sustain.
Although Vitraform seeks to require companies with which
it does business and to which personal information is provided, and to protect
such personal information, Vitraform cannot be responsible for third parties'
violations of this Policy or of any other rights of visitors or consumers that
use this Site. Vitraform may transfer personal information and other
information collected online from visitors and consumers to a purchaser or
successor entity in connection with the sale of Vitraform, a subsidiary or
affiliate or line of business associated with Vitraform, or substantially all
of the assets of Vitraform or one of its subsidiaries, affiliates or lines of
business.
How Do
We Use the Non-Personally Identifiable Information We Collect?
Because non-personally identifiable information does not
personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. In
addition, we reserve the right to share such non-personally identifiable information
which does not personally identify you with third parties for any purpose. For
example, we may share non-personally identifiable information collected in
connection with consumer surveys and other activities with consumer research
and marketing firms.
In some instances, we may combine non-personally
identifiable information with personal information (such as embedding email
addresses in cookies or where specific programs associated with this Site
require a user ID and password, and you have the option of requesting that we
save your user ID and password so that you will not have to reenter that
information the next time you access the Site — this function is accomplished
by placement of a cookie). If we do combine any non-personally identifiable information
with personal information, the combined information will be treated by us as
personal information hereunder as long as it is so combined.
Third-Party
Links.
The Site may contain links to third-party web sites not
affiliated with or managed by Vitraform. These linked sites are not under Vitraform’s
control, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the contents
of any such linked site, or any link contained in any linked site. We provide
such links only as a convenience, and the inclusion of a link on the Site does
not imply endorsement of the linked site by Vitraform. If you provide any
personal information through any such third-party web site, your transaction
will occur on such third party's web site (not the Site); and the personal
information you provide will be collected by, and controlled by the privacy
policy of that third party. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the
privacy policies and practices of any such third parties. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS
POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY OR INFORMATION PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD
PARTIES.
Security.
Vitraform takes measures designed to prevent unauthorized
intrusion to the Site and the alteration, acquisition or misuse of personal
information. Vitraform cautions consumers and visitors to this Site, however,
that no network is entirely secure. Accordingly, Vitraform cannot be
responsible for loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition of personal
information furnished to this Site and/or stored by us, or for any damages
resulting from such loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition.
Offline
v. Online Practices.
This Policy applies solely to Vitraform's online
information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the Site
and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline, with the
following exception: Vitraform may merge information collected about you
through offline means with information that is stored in our databases along
with information gathered online. Any such merged information, however, will
not be disclosed to others except as permitted by this Policy.
Vitraform complies with the US-EU Safe Harbor Framework
as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use,
and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. Vitraform
has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice,
choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To
learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page,
please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles, Vitraform
commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of
your personal information.
European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints
regarding this privacy policy should first contact Vitraform at: 303.295.1010
or email to info@vitraform.com.
Changes
to Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to read this Policy before using the
Site and not to use the Site if you disagree with any part of this Policy. Your
use of the Site signifies your agreement to all terms of this Policy.
Please note that Vitraform may revise this Policy from
time to time. You should bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure
that you are familiar with the most current version of this Policy. You can
determine when this Policy was last revised by checking the "Last
Revised" legend at the top of the Policy. Use of the Site following such
changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy then in effect.
This Policy is the sole authorized statement of Vitraform's
practices concerning the collection, use and protection of personal information
through this Site. Any summaries of this Policy generated by third-party
software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "Platform for
Privacy Preferences" or "P3P") shall have no legal effect, are
in no way binding upon Vitraform, and neither supersede nor modify this Policy.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns
regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please send an email to info@vitraform.com.
© 2014
Vitraform, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The Original Glass Sink
©1993-2020
Vitraform, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy policy.
Terms of use.
4201 E. 48th Ave. Denver, CO 80216
888.338.5725
inquiries@vitraform.com