http://www.look.com.au/privacy/
Home
COVID Signage
why work with us?
Solutions
Technical
Contact Us
Privacy
We care about your privacy. To prove it, we have written you this big, long collection of words.
Look Print Privacy Statement and Policy
This policy and statement refers to Look Corporate Pty Ltd t/as Look Print ABN 58 001 717 193 of 277 Parramatta Rd Leichhardt NSW 2040 and its related companies. Look Print is bound by the APP’s within the Privacy Act.  In order to carry out our business, we collect and store the following types of personal information.
Information collected
Personal information collected include your name, company details, contact address, email and telephone numbers. Credit information is collected (your repayment and default history, amount and type of credit provided, and any default information) when requesting credit terms. These details are collected electronically, by hardcopy, through job applications, credit account applications, or verbally. The type of information collected depends upon the products or services you use.
Look Print also collects details of the products and services we have supplied to you or that you have enquired about.
Cookies/IP Details
When browsing the website, Look Print makes a record of your visit and logs the following information for statistical purposes; your server address, your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc), the pages you accessed and documents downloaded, the previous site you have visited, the type of browser you are using. Look Print uses electronic images known as Web bugs – sometimes called single-pixel GIFs, transparent GIFs, or clear gifs- that allow us to track general user traffic patterns.
Your Internet browser has a feature called “cookies” which store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of our sites. Cookies tells us nothing about who you are unless you specifically give us personally identifiable information. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit our website. In addition, you may elect not to allow cookies to be collected by selecting certain options on your browser.
This information is stored securely and accessed for appropriate reasons.  Your information is needed in order for us to proceed with quotes and orders.  If you do not provide the information, Look print may be unable to proceed with your requests.
Use of Information
We may use this information for the following purposes:
keeping count of return visits to our site
accumulate and report anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on Web site usage
determining which pages and features users like best
direct marketing in relation to promotional activities
processing quotes and orders
carry out credit checks and credit reporting
historical data on products and services ordered
processing payments
Look Print will request your consent to use your personal information for any other purpose. This website does not provide facilities for the secure transmission of information across the Internet. Users should be aware that there are inherent risks transmitting information across the Internet.
Access to information collected
This information may be disclosed to our associated entities, parties related to your employment (eg referees), contractors, other Credit providers, risk insurers, debt collectors, lawyers and credit reporting bodies.
We will not make an attempt to identify users or their browsing activities. However, in the unlikely event of an investigation, a law enforcement agency or other government agency may exercise its legal authority to inspect our Internet Service Provider’s logs and other information collected.
Persons will be given access to their personal information upon request.
How to Update your Information
Look Print takes all care in ensuring the information collected is up-to-date and as accurate as possible. However, the accuracy of the information is largely dependant on what you provide us.  If your details change, please call our sales team on 02 9568 6855 or email sales@look.com.au  to update your information.
If you no longer wish to be on our mailing list, please do not hesitate to phone our sales team on (02)9568 6855 or email sales@look.com.au and advise you would like to be removed from the mailing lists.
Complaints Procedure
If you have any complaints or concerns about our Privacy Policy and Statement  or the type of information we hold about you, please contact our Privacy Officer at PO Box 337 Westgate NSW 2040 or email privacy@look.com.au.  Look Print has procedures in place on managing complaints relating to privacy matters.