http://www.andersonjohn.co.uk/privacy-policy/
+44 (0)7831 742 841 or +44 (0)7568 564 570
enquiries@andersonjohn.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Please read the following carefully before browsing this website.
1.0 Policy Purpose
The purpose of the J&S Anderson Privacy Policy and Statement is to ensure that all personnel whom we deal with either as prospective customers, customers, suppliers or employees fully understand the company’s commitment to meet or exceed all the GDPR legislation that is relevant to the company and the services it provides.
1.1 Distribution
All published on website.
2.0 The Policy
The EU General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) require all companies to treat personal information collected or handled securely and maintain accurate records as to how this information is stored and used. J&S Anderson recognise that your privacy is important. This document details the information regarding personal data that J&S Anderson collects, stores and uses.
J&S Anderson will comply in full with the principals of the GDPR that requires that personal data shall be:
Processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner in relation to individuals;
Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; further processing for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes shall not be considered to be incompatible with the initial purposes;
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed;
Accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date; every reasonable step must be taken to ensure that personal data that are inaccurate, having regard to the purposes for which they are processed, are erased or rectified without delay;
Kept in a form which permits identification of data subjects for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed; personal data may be stored for longer periods insofar as the personal data will be processed solely for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes subject to implementation of the appropriate technical and organisational measures required by the GDPR in order to safeguard the rights and freedoms of individuals;
Processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures..
2.1 How we collect personal information
J&S Anderson collect personal information via the following means:
Email Address – Various Pages
Social Shares – All Pages
General Anonymous Browsing Data (Google Analytics) – All Pages
2.2 The type of personal information we collect
The Type of Information Collected by J&S Anderson:
Name
E-mail Address
Postal Address
Telephone Number
Mobile Number
Message
Purchase History
2.3 How we use personal information
J&S Anderson uses this personal information to:
Contact new and existing customers relating to purchased products, sales and offers.
Administer and personalise the website, our services, newsletter and/or emails.
J&S Anderson employs a “need to know” policy of sharing information between its employees, agents or subcontractors and will only disclose sufficient information to allow our employees, agents or subcontractors to complete their objectives and as such these parties will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the uses described above J&S Anderson may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
2.4 How we insure your personal information is kept secure
J&S Anderson will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
2.5 What we will do in the event of data being compromised
If in any event we feel that the data has been compromised, lost or stolen we will immediately inform all interested parties and take immediate action to mitigate the compromise.
2.6 Our lawful basis for processing this data
If the personal information has been collected by J&S Anderson we will ensure we have your permission to use the data necessary for the fulfilment of services provided or in order to take steps to procuring further orders.
If the personal information is transferred to J&S Anderson for the purposes of fulfilling a service we will obtain a statement from the transferee that they have the consent of all personnel to which the information refers before entering into a contract.
2.7 Data Retention
All data transferred to us by third parties will be stored in a secure area.
It will be held there until either the data is no longer required or the transferee has requested us to destroy the data. Data transferred to us will be disposed of using an electronic shredder. Data that has not been used will be destroyed by secure means after a period no greater than 12 months.
All data collected on customers or potential customers will be held whilst ever that data is considered useful or unless requested to do otherwise. The Data will be reviewed at least annually.
2.8 Your rights
All personnel that J&S Anderson hold personal information on have the following rights:
The right to be informed of the data being held.
The rights of access to the information being held.
The rights to rectification of any errors in the information being held.
The rights to have the information destroyed.
The rights to restrict the use of the information.
2.9 Updating this statement
J&S Anderson may update this privacy policy from time to time and will ensure that the latest version is held on our web site http://www.andersonjohn.co.uk
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
3.0 Cookie Policy
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping baskets, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
3.1 This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. J&S Anderson uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of services. J&S Anderson has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
3.2. All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
3.3. Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling J&S Anderson to provide a better experience and service to you.
You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
Cookies that are collected via the J&S Anderson website:
Demographic information such as post code, preferences and interests;
IP address (automatically collected);
Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
Operating system (automatically collected);
A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected);
4.0 Contacting J&S Anderson
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or personal information that J&S Anderson holds please direct your enquiries as follows:
By email to enquiries@andersonjohn.co.uk
4.1 Making a complaint
If you have a concern about J&S Anderson’s information rights practices, you should report it to the ICO by accessing by either emailing casework@ico.org.uk or accessing their web site www.ico.org.uk
J&S Anderson Ltd., Broomhills Farm, Chesters, Bonchester Bridge, Hawick, Scottish Borders, Scotland, TD9 8TJ
Mobile: +44 (0)7831 742 841 or +44 (0)7568 564 570
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Pin It on Pinterest
Share This
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies and gathers some data so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Limited data is also gathered to help us provide you with some services. You can read our Privacy Policy to understand how we gather, store and use personal data.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes