http://www.dugganinc.com/privacy-policy#TermsofUse
OUR PROCESS
SERVICES
ABOUT US
LEADERSHIP
TESTIMONIALS
REQUEST A CALLBACK
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureTo send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party linksOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account and going to the 'Update Profile' page.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website here.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.This policy was last modified on January 29, 2020.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Duggan Associates1130 Ten Rod Road, Suite A201North Kingstown, RI 02852 USAinfo@dugganinc.com401-667-7299 Terms of use Welcome to the Duggan Associates website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern COMPANY’s relationship with you in relation to this website.The term ‘COMPANY’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 1130 Ten Rod Road, Suite A201, North Kingstown, RI 02852 USA. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website. The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.If you would like to request permission to use an article, to republish material from any of our publications or to acquire other information from us, please send a permission request to info@dugganinc.com. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us.This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorized use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States of America.
OUR PROCESS
SERVICESTRAININGIMPLEMENTATIONEXECUTIVE COACHINGPROJECT MANAGEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
ABOUT USLEADERSHIPTESTIMONIALSEMPLOYMENT
REQUEST A CALLBACK
OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AND BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION FIRM Corporate Office1130 Ten Rod RoadSte. A-201North Kingstown, RI 02852+1 (401) 667-7299
© 2020 Duggan Associates. All Rights Reserved
Share by: