http://www.awpagesociety.com/site/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
Welcome to www.awpagesociety.com, www.awpageup.com and https://awpageup.jiveon.com (collectively, the “Web site”). In order to access and use the Web site, you must agree to the terms and conditions set forth herein (“Terms of Use”). Your access and use of the Web site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not access or otherwise use the Web site. We may change these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. We will make such changes by posting them here. You should therefore check back here for such changes frequently. Your continued access of the Web site constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. You can review the most current version of these Terms of Use at any time here. You may request a copy of these Terms of Use or contact us with any questions by emailing us at: admin@awpagesociety.com. Proprietary Rights. All content within this Web site, including but not limited to, the software which operates the Web site, text, graphics, photographs, trademarks, artwork or other materials (collectively, “Content”), is the intellectual property of, or is authorized for use by Arthur W. Page Society (the “Society”). Except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use, you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way any Content without the Society’s prior written consent. We hereby grant you a limited, revocable, non-sublicensable license to reproduce and display the Content (excluding any software code) solely for your personal use in connection with viewing and utilizing the Web site for its intended purposes. Except as expressly set forth herein, no license to use or reproduce any Content on the Web site is granted to you by these Terms of Use or otherwise. Requests for permission to reproduce any Content may be sent to admin@awpagesociety.com. How does it work? If you opt to use this Web site and you are a Society member (“Member”), you will be asked to register a Member user account (“Account”). If you are not a Member, you will be able to access and use the Web site but you will not be granted access to any “Members-only” areas of the Web site. To register an Account, you will be prompted to enter your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. We take the privacy of the information you provide to us very seriously. All information about you must be truthful, and you may not use any aliases or other means to mask your true identity. You are responsible for the security of your Account access codes and passwords and will be solely liable for any use or unauthorized use under such access codes or passwords. For more information about how we use and protect the information collected from you by this Web site, please view our Privacy Policy located here. Unauthorized Use. This Web site is not intended for individuals under the age of 21 and if you are 21 years old or younger, you are not authorized to use this Web site. This Web site is intended for your personal, non- commercial use. You agree not to use the Web site for illegal purposes. You agree that you will comply with all laws, rules and regulations related to your use of the Web site (including participation in any Member forums made available by the Web site). You may not use spiders, robots or other automated data mining techniques to catalog, download, store or otherwise reproduce, store or distribute Content. You may not take any action to interfere with the Web site or any other user’s use of the Web site. You may not frame portions of the Web site within another Web site or establish links from any other Web site to any page of the Web site other than the home page. Any unauthorized use or violation of these Terms of Use immediately and automatically terminates your right to use this Web site and may subject you to legal liability. Member Content. We may, in the Society’s sole discretion, make available forums and materials where Members and others can share content with other Members (including without limitation, the “Insights and Research” and “Page Turner Blog” sections where you will be able to post publications authored by you). You are solely responsible for any content that you upload, post, display or otherwise provide to the Web site (“Member Content”). You represent and warrant that: (i) you own the Member Content posted by you on the Web site or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth herein; (ii) all opinions expressed are genuinely held by you; (iii) you will not post any content that is libelous, defamatory or invades any privacy or publicity rights of any third party; or is abusive, vulgar, hateful, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable; or infringes any copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, trade secret or confidentiality obligation; and (iv) the posting of your Member Content on the Web site does not result in a breach of any contract between you and a third party. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees and other monies owing to any person by reason of any Member Content you post on the Web site. We reserve the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any Member Content you supply and to remove or delete any such content that in our sole judgment violates these Terms of Use or which might be offensive to other Members or users of the Web site, or which content may be illegal. We also reserve the right to take appropriate legal action in our sole discretion against anyone who violates these Terms of Use. Some examples of prohibited Member Content include content that:
Is offensive to the Member community, such as content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual; Harasses or encourages harassment of another person; Involves the transmission of “junk mail,” “chain letters,” or unsolicited mass mailing or spam mail; Promotes information that you know to be false or misleading, or promotes illegal activity or conduct that is abusive, inflammatory, tortuous, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous; Promotes an illegal or unauthorized copy of another person’s copyrighted work; Displays pornographic or sexually explicit material of any kind; Solicits personal information about or from any other Member; Violates or encourages the violation of any law, rule, regulation, ordinance or other requirement to which you or we are subject; and Engages in commercial activities and/or sales without our prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising and pyramid schemes.
By supplying Member Content to the Web site, you automatically grant to us, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to so grant, an irrevocable, transferable, perpetual, non-exclusive, fully paid up, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, copy, perform, reproduce, display, and distribute such information and content and to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such content, and to authorize our sublicensees to do any of the foregoing for any purpose, in any media, including without limitation, on our Web site and social media websites. Additionally, we shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in your Member Content for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation, promotional materials and developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services which incorporate such content. All opinions expressed in Member Content are those of the individual authors or commentators and do not necessarily represent the views or policies of the Arthur W. Page Society. Fees. There is no fee or cost in order for you to register an Account. However, you will be charged the standard membership fee as set forth in your Membership Agreement with the Society. Releases; No Warranties; Reservations. By participating and using the Web site, you agree to indemnify, defend release and hold harmless the Society and its representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors (collectively, “Released Parties”), from any and all liability, loss, harm, damage, injury, cost or expense whatsoever, including without limitation, property damage, personal injury and/or death which may occur in connection with your use of this Web site, your breach of these Terms of Use or violation of law or infringement or violation of any rights of any person or entity, including, without limitation, violation of publicity rights, defamation, and/or invasion of privacy. Released Parties are not responsible for any printing, typographical, mechanical or other errors in promotional materials or Content made available by this Web site or in communications sent to you by us in connection with your membership. The Society makes no warranties, and hereby disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the Web site, including without limitation, that the functions contained in the Web site or any Content will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Web site or the server that makes it available is free of viruses or other harmful components. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, THE WEB SITE AND ALL SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND THE RELEASED PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSES AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Released Parties are not responsible for technical, hardware, software, electronic, network or other communications malfunctions, errors or failures of any kind, errors in transmission, traffic congestion, lost or unavailable network connections, Web site, Internet, or ISP availability, unauthorized human intervention, incomplete or inaccurate capture of entry information (regardless of cause), or failed, incomplete, garbled, jumbled or delayed transmissions which may limit or restrict your ability to send a message or upload or post Member Content, including any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer or other device relating to or resulting from your access of the Web site.  IN NO EVENT WILL THE SOCIETY (OR ANY OF THE RELEASED PARTIES) BE LIABLE UNDER ANY THEORY OF TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA, LOST OPPORTUNITIES, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, PERSONAL INJURY/WRONGFUL DEATH, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EACH OF WHICH IS HEREBY EXCLUDED BY THESE TERMS OF USE REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. If any of the foregoing warranty disclaimers or limitations of liability is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or if the Society is otherwise found to be liable to you in any manner, then our aggregate liability for all claims under such circumstances for liabilities, shall not exceed five dollars ($5). The Society reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, terminate, modify, extend or suspend this Web site for any reason without notice, including, without limitation, virus, bugs, non-authorized human intervention, fraud or other causes beyond its control, including, without limitation, anything that affects the administration, security, fairness or proper conduct of this Initiative. Links to Third Party Sites; Advertisers. The Web site may provide you with links or other access to other Web sites, services, products or content of third parties. The Society has no control over, nor do we endorse any, such Web sites, services, products or content. You acknowledge and agree that you access such third party Web sites, services, products or content at your own risk and are wholly responsible for making your own independent judgment regarding your use or interaction with the same. We recommend you read the privacy and terms of use policies of each third party’s Web site that you access. Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Notice. We are committed to complying with copyright and related laws, and we require all users of the Web site to comply with these laws. Accordingly, you may not store any material or content on, or disseminate any material or content over, the Web site in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by copyright law. Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) to report alleged infringements. It is our policy in accordance with the DMCA and other applicable laws to reserve the right to terminate the rights of any user to access the Web site if any such user is either found to infringe third party copyright or other intellectual property rights, including repeat infringers, or who we believe, in our sole discretion, is infringing these rights. Any user who feels that content posted by another Member is objectionable or infringing is encouraged to contact us immediately. Upon our receipt of a proper notice (please see the section immediately below labeled, “Infringement of Your Rights”) of claimed infringement under the DCMA, we will respond expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the content in issue. Our designated agent (i.e., the proper party) to whom you should address such notice is listed below. Notice of Infringement of Your Rights. If you believe that content that you or a third party owns has been used on the Web site in a way that violates your or someone else’s copyright or other intellectual property rights, please provide us with the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Web site; your address, telephone number, and email address; a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in your report is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
Our designated agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement can be reached as follows: By mail: 230 Park Avenue, Suite 455, New York, NY 10169 By Phone: 212-400-7959 By email: copyright@awpagesociety.com Miscellaneous. The laws of the State of New York, without regard to it conflict of law rules, shall govern these Terms of Use for all matters arising from or relating to these Terms of Use or your use of this Web site. YOU HEREBY EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION AND VENUE IN THE COURTS OF NEW YORK COUNTY, NEW YORK. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Nothing contained in these Terms of Use is in derogation of our right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Web site or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Use shall continue in effect. These Terms of Use, together with any additional terms and conditions or policies referred to and incorporated herein (including the Privacy Policy), constitutes the entire understanding between you and the Society with respect to your access and use of the Web site. International Access. The Web site is provided from the United States of America and all servers that make it available reside in the U.S.A. The laws of other countries may differ regarding the access and use of the Web site. The Society makes no representations regarding the legality of the Web site in any other country and it is your responsibility to ensure that your use complies with all applicable laws outside of the U.S.A. Notices and Contact Information. We may give you notice of certain events from time to time and may be required by state or federal law to notify you of certain events. You hereby acknowledge and consent that such notices will be effective upon our posting them on the Web site or (if we choose to do so in our sole discretion) delivering them to you through email if you have provided us with your accurate email address. If you have questions or comments for us, please send them to: Susan Chin, admin@awpagesociety.com, 230 Park Avenue, Suite 455, New York, NY 10169 These Terms of Use are effective and were last updated on September 13, 2013.
Back