https://www.munichre.com/syndicate457/en/general/legal-notice.html
Home
Legal Notice
Legal Notice
Terms and Condtions
General terms and conditions for use of the Munich Re Syndicate Limited website
General terms and conditions
This website is provided for your information by Munich Re Syndicate Limited (“MRSL”) of St Helens 1 Undershaft, London, EC3A 8EE. These are the general terms and conditions that govern your use of the Website.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully.
If you continue to use the Website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use which may be enforced against you by MRSL. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of the website.
These terms and conditions may change or be updated from time to time. It remains your responsibility to access and check these terms and conditions whenever you access the website. The latest version of these terms and conditions will govern any future usage by you of the website.
Statutory informations
MRSL is registered in England & Wales under Company Number 01328742 with its Registered Office at St Helens 1 Undershaft, London, EC3A 8EE. MRSL is the Lloyd’s managing agency responsible for the management of Syndicate 457 at Lloyd’s.
MRSL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Munich Re Specialty Group Limited (03399109), and is referred to as MRSL, and/or Watkins, and/or Syndicate 457.
Regulatory information
MRSL is authorised and regulated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority under Firms Registration Number (“FRN”) 204864. You can check this on the Financial Conduct Authority’s Register by visiting their website https://www.fsa.gov.uk/register/home.do or by contacting the Financial Conduct Authority on +44 (0) 845 606 9966.
Your responsibilities
You are wholly responsible for the use of the website by any person using your terminal or point of access and are responsible for ensuring that any such person also fully complies with these terms and conditions.
Use of the website
You agree to use the website in a manner consistent with any and all applicable laws and regulations in the country in which you access the website. The website is not intended for viewers in any other jurisdiction or country where local laws and/or restrictions prohibit any of the activities transacted by the website.
Your personal information
Usage of your personal information is governed by our Privacy Policy, which is available on a separate page on the website.
Applicable law
You agree that MRSL may sub-contract the performance of any of its obligations or may assign these terms and conditions or any of its rights or obligations without giving you notice. These terms and conditions shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with English law, and you consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Contracts (Rights of third parties act 1999)
Other than companies within the Munich Re Group of Companies, a person who is not a party to these terms and conditions has no right (including without limitation under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) to enforce or rely on any term of these terms and conditions.
Licensing information
This Website contains general information on MRSL and its products and services and the website and its contents are not intended to constitute investment or other advice (nor any solicitation to participate in investment or other business) in any country in the world. Certain products and services described on the website are not available to all users due to insurance regulatory restrictions.
Contact
Any problems or questions relating to the website should be sent to central@mrunderwriting.com
Other websites
The website contains links to other third party websites and you may have linked to the website from another website. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such websites. You should check the terms and policies applicable to each such website. Other websites operated by or on behalf of other members of the Munich Re Group of Companies may also contain a privacy policy that is different from this privacy policy. This privacy policy relates to the website only.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using the website you shall consent to these Terms and Conditions, the website Privacy Policy and the website Cookie Policy.
Disclaimer
Introduction
The information, including any financial information, on this website provided for information purposes only and none of the information on this website constitutes an offer to contract. We reserve the right to add, modify or delete information on this site at any time. We reserve the right to modify these terms at any time and without prior notice so you should rely on the most up to date version of these terms.
Availability
We will endeavour to ensure that this site is accessible for 24 hours a day. However, we will not be liable if, for any reason, the site is unavailable at any time or for any period. Access to this site may be suspended temporarily or permanently by us, without notice for routine or emergency updates and maintenance. We will not be liable for loss of use, profits or data or any indirect, special or consequential damages or losses in contract, negligence or tort including any losses relating to your use of, reliance upon or inability to use the website for any reason.
Accuracy and validity of information
Material and documents contained on this site are provided for information purposes only. Though we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the website remains accurate and up to date, it is supplied on an 'as is' basis and accordingly we do not accept any liability for any errors and omissions. Likewise, MRSL may not be held liable for any loss or damage caused by computer viruses when users retrieve or download data from this website.
The website may also contain hypertext links to websites operated by third parties. These links are provided for information and convenience and any link does not imply an endorsement by us in any way of the third party site. We accept no responsibility for the operation and content of third party websites. No one may link into this site without our prior written consent. We cannot warrant that this site is free of viruses or technical defects of any description and we will not be responsible for any technical problems arising from the use of this website.
Copyright
The copyright and any other rights in the material available on this site are owned by us unless otherwise indicated, and may not be used, sold, copied or reproduced in whole or part in any manner or form or in any media by any person other than for non commercial personal use without our prior consent. However, FCA regulated insurance brokers may also use the website to assist them when advising their clients.
Non UK visitors
If you are visiting the website from outside the UK your visit will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international borders. By visiting this site and communicating electronically with us you are consenting to these transfers.
Reset all filters
results
Load next results