http://www.leds.co.uk/privacy-policy/
MenuHomeNewsServicesProductsAbout UsContact UsDistributors & RepsHomePrivacyCookiesOn an initial visit to the site, you will see a notice asking whether you wish to accept cookies.
These are:acceptCookies and acceptCookies-legacy: - Required - these are set even if you decline (which sets them to 'false') as they're necessary to save your preference so that we know not to keep asking. They do not interfere with your privacy and are strictly for the above purpose only.
No other cookies will be set if these are set to 'false' or not present.For our Contact Form: 1P_JAR, ANID, APISID, CONSENT, HSID, NID, SAPISID, SID, SIDCC, SSID, __Secure-3PAPISID, __Secure-3PSID, __Secure-APISID, __SECURE-HSID, __SECURE-SSID, DV, OTZ: Optional - if you accept cookies, these are set by Google when you visit the Contact Us page.
They're used by the reCAPTCHA spam filtering service which is used to determine whether you are a human or a robot.
Google may also use these cookies for tracking and advertising purposes unless you have told them otherwise.
The list of Google cookies is outside of our control and subject to change.
For more information see the Google Privacy Policy.For YouTube Videos: SIDCC, __Secure-3PAPISID, __Secure-SSID, SSID, __Secure-HSID, SAPISID, __Secure-3PSID, APISID, HSID, SID, __Secure-APISID, IDE, YSC, PREF, LOGIN_INFO, CONSENT, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE: Optional - if you accept cookies, these are set by Google when you view any page that has a YouTube video on it.
If you decline cookies, we will respect your privacy choice by displaying a link to the YouTube video instead (but by following the link you would leave our website and be subject to Google's cookie policies).
If you accept cookies, Google may also use them for tracking and advertising purposes unless you have told them otehrwise.
The list of Google cookies is outside of our control and subject to change.
For more information see the Google Privacy Policy.For Site Search: 1P_JAR, ANID, NID, SIDCC, __Secure-3PAPISID, __Secure-SSID, SSID, __Secure-HSID, SAPISID, __Secure-3PSID, APISID, HSID, SID, __Secure-APISID, CONSENT: Optional - if you accept cookies, these are set by Google when you open the search window. If you decline cookies, search functionality will be removed to protect your privacy.
We are working on independent search.
For more information see the Google Privacy Policy.For Live Chat: TawkConnectionTime, Tawk_*, __tawkuuid, __cfduid: Optional - if you accept cookies, these will enable Live Chat using tawk.to. These cookies are used to link your chat sessions and to track your browsing of the site, in order for our agents to understand what you may be referring to and provide a better service. For more information see the Tawk.to Privacy Policy.For Google Analytics: _ga, _gat, 1P_JAR, _gid, CONSENT, io: Optional - if you accept cookies, these are set by Google throughout the site.
They are for Google Analytics, which we use to to understand how users browse our website so that we can make improvements.
For more information see the Google Privacy Policy.Resetting your cookie preferencesYour current cookie preference is: Undecided (Cookies will not be set, as you must opt in from the banner below)Reset cookie preferencesYou may reset your preferences at any time using the button above. This will delete any and all existing cookies set via our website, and re-prompt you for your preferences based on the details above.If you do not see the prompt (a large banner at the bottom of the page) then please check you have disabled any ad blockers, as some of them block cookie notices (they can be considered an annoyance, but are required by law to protect your privacy).General Privacy / GDPRMarl follows the rules and guidelines of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) 2016/679, which establishes a strong foundation of privacy by law.
Privacy and compliance with GDPR are also reliant on cyber security, and we can confirm that our data security practices certify Marl for Cyber Essentials Plus, as detailed in the Quality Statement.Google AnalyticsWe use Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our site. This information helps us to determine factors for improving our website such as which pages are popular, how we were found (e.g. Google search) and what devices are being used to view it.No Personally Indentifiable Information is used for this (for example, IP addresses are anonymised before being stored by Google Analytics, making it impossible to identify the individual).We may from time to time share the anonymous, aggregated data with trusted Internet Marketing experts, where their service is to help us interpret it and improve upon our internet presence. It does not include any personally identifiable information, and we do not share data with any other third party for any other purpose. If however you remain uncomfortable with this and prefer to opt out, visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.Tawk.to Live ChatTawk.to is used to offer a live chat service with our Sales team. It is possible to observe an individual user's movements around the site and to 'push' instant messages offering assistance e.g. when lingering on product pages. However, personally identifiable information is not collected unless you choose to provide your name and email address yourself when contacting us, and would be used only for the purpose of providing follow-up responses unless you explicitly opt in to any optional communication such as newsletters.Cookies are used as part of the online chat tool to distinguish users, approximate geographical location, allow for chat history and preferences and to know whether the chat tool has been clicked. For more detail, see the cookie section above.Use of your Contact DetailsWe ask for a number of your contact details if you should wish to contact us via our Online Contact Form or Live Chat. Alternatively by emailing, you would automatically be giving your email address along with your name (if configured in your email client), and any details included in your email or signature. If ongoing communication is reasonably expected, contact details may be stored in our Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system in order to keep track of your enquiry. Should you prefer not to provide these details, a telephone number is also available.
For any method of enquiry, you have the right to decline or withdraw your consent to process your contact details.When contacting us and providing details, our Sales department may contact you to assist with your enquiry, and from time to time may contact you with new information and to discuss your future needs. If you do not wish to be contacted in future, please let us know during your enquiry or at any other time and our Sales team will ensure that your preference is respected (some data retention may be required to help keep track of the fact you have opted out of communication).Under the Data Protection Act, you are legally entitled to request a copy of any of your data that is in our possession, and may do so through any of our contact channels.Your email address will be added to our mailing list if you opt-in via the contact form or subscription links. A confirmed-opt-in system is in operation and you will be asked to verify the subscription via a link sent to your email address. You may opt back out via the Unsubscribe link provided in every newsletter, or by contacting us directly.Marl International does not and will not pass personal details on to third parties.