http://www.omicrongroup.net/privacy/
Loading...
Home
About us
Products
Decoupling Feet
Stabilizers
Gold & Platinum
Tesla
Iai exclusive accessories
Faqs
News
Distributors
Installations
Fine-tuning
Contact
© 2020 Omicron Group, All Rights Reserved.
Home
Products
About Us
News
Faqs
Distributors
Contact
Privacy Policy
Please Read !
Privacy Policy
All content on this Internet site is owned or controlled by Omicron Group.
Omicron Group provides access to and use of our Web site subject to the following Privacy Policy.
Omicron Group is committed to protecting your personal information.
The following privacy policy describes how Omicron Group collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us when using this website. This privacy policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms of Use Policy.
Types of Information We Collect:
We collect two types of information from you:
Information you submit to us and
Information our site gathers automatically
Information You Submit:
You may submit personal information directly to Omicron Group through our website; for example, on our 'Contact Us' web pages. Omicron Group uses this information to:
Contact you
Provide you with information relating to our products and services and
Generally respond to your queries
Information our Site Gathers Automatically:
Usage Tracking:
We welcome everyone to search and use the Omicron Group site without charge to view our products and services. As you browse the web-site we automatically record the Internet address of your computer (not your e-mail address) and other standard tracking data to track the number of visits to our web site, the parts of our site that are most frequently visited and the average time spent on the Omicron Group web site.
We use this information to:
Evaluate interest invarious products.
Measure the use of our site and
Generally improve the content of our web site
You should know that usage tracking data is not associated with individually identifiable or personal information, and does not reveal anything personal about you.
Cookies:
Like many other web sites, Omicron Group uses standard technology known as 'cookies' to collect information about how you use the site and to ensure that visits go smoothly. Cookies do not reveal or contain any personal information, nor can they read any information on your computer or interact with other cookies on your hard drive.
These cookies will help us understand the effectiveness of our content, what matters to our customers and improve the functioning of our website. This information is used only for statistical purposes and is not used to personally identify any user.
How to control cookies?
You should know that if you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in your browser settings. However, please note that disabling cookie support may prevent this site from functioning properly and you may not be able to fully utilize all of its features and information.
You can check and / or delete cookies as you wish - for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being entered. In this case, however, it may be necessary to manually adjust some preferences each time you visit a site and some services and features may not work.
Need for Personal Information:
Personally identifiable information is not required to obtain access to our public sites, however, if you choose to withhold such information where it is expressly required, we may not be able to:
Give you access tocertain sections of our web site
Send you information on Omicron Group's products or services or any other information you may have requested or
Contact you.
Use of Personal Information:
Omicron Group uses your personal information in response to the purposes for which it was provided, or as otherwise set out herein.
If you provide us with your email or other contact details we will ask you if we can use it to send you updates on the latest Omicron Group products and services. If you do not want us to contact you, you may decline to receive this information and Omicron Group will respect your wishes. If you do not decline to receive this information we may use the information that you have given us to inform you about our products and services.
Regardless of your choice, you may, at any time, request to discontinue receiving information about Omicron Group products or services by contacting our Privacy Officer and informing us of your preferences.
The information you provide or we obtain from you via the Omicron Group web site will be held primarily by Omicron Group. Our employees will have access to such information on a 'need to know' basis and, because Omicron Group operates internationally, we may send it to our Omicron Group distribution partners within Omicron Group.
We may provide individually identifiable information to third parties in cases where it is required by law, or we may provide your personal information to our legal or tax advisors for business purposes.
It is Omicron Group's policy not to disclose any personal information about site users to third parties without specific permission to do so. Omicron Group does not sell or disclose any of your personal information to marketers or periodical publishers.
Any third party display advertisements shown on our site may collect user information if you click or follow their instructions. We do not control any data collected voluntarily or involuntarily through these advertisements. You should investigate the privacy policies of any advertised site if you have concerns about its collection and use of user information.
Acceptance and Consent:
By using this web site, you signify acceptance and agreement with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not agree with any one or more of our terms, please discontinue use of this site.
By submitting information to Omicron Group, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of that information for the purposes described to you at the time of collection, or as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
If you have questions or concerns about your personal information or if you wish to stop receiving information about Omicron Group products or services, please contact us in writing at:
Omicron Group
Attention: Privacy Officer
Phone: +39 331 801 2568
Email: info@omicrongroup.net
Protection of Children Online:
It is our intention that the Omicron Group web site be used by adults. Children should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before sending personal information to Omicron Group or to anyone else. We encourage parents to take an active role in their children's use of the Internet. No information should be submitted to, or posted by visitors under 16 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian and Omicron Group will not knowingly send direct mailings, including email or other correspondence to anyone under the age of 16.
Security and Encryption:
Omicron Group protects customer data we collect by storing it on password and firewall protected servers using encryption technologies to protect against unauthorized access.
While Omicron Group uses reasonable endeavors to provide a secure contracting environment it cannot guarantee the absolute security of information and you agree to assume the security risk for the information you provide on this site.
We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data while you are on the Internet. At a minimum, we encourage you to change your passwords often, using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure that you are using a secure browser as you surf the Internet.
Links:
This site contains links to other web sites and Omicron Group has no control over the content of third party sites and is not responsible for the privacy policies of such sites, nor for any information contained on those sites.
We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third party sites prior to disclosing any of your personal information.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use:
This Privacy Statement co-exists with our Terms of Use.
Together these govern the general web site practices of Omicron Group. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with these documents.
Updates and Contact:
This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 1, 2019. Omicron Group reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use from time to time. Please check our pages periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Omicron Group site following the posting of changes means you accept the changes we make. If you have any comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, or if you have any issues regarding your personal information maintained by Omicron Group, you may contact the Privacy Officer at the address noted above.
Legal references:
This privacy statement is drafted on the basis of multiple legislative orders, including articles 13 and 14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679.
Unless otherwise specified, this privacy statement applies exclusively to this application.