http://www.bundysugar.com.au/privacy.html
Bundaberg Sugar
Home
Our Company
Health & Nutrition
Export
Product Range
Recipes
Educational
Navigation
Site Map
Privacy Statement
Finasucre Investments (Australia) Pty Limited (Group)and Bundaberg Sugar Group Ltd
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION & PRIVACY
The privacy of your personal information has always been important to Bundaberg Sugar (BBS) which includes all the organisations in the Australian Group.
NATIONAL PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
As from 21 December 2001, we have adopted the National Privacy Principles set out in the Commonwealth Government's Privacy Act 1988 (as amended) to the way we collect, use, store, disclose and destroy your personal and sensitive information.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
This is information or opinions about individuals where the individual can be identified, eg your name, address, contact details and age.
WHAT IS SENSITIVE INFORMATION?
This is a particular type of personal information and includes information about a person's health, racial or ethnic origins; membership of political, professional or trade associations; political opinions or philosophical or religious beliefs; criminal record; or sexual preferences.
HOW IS EMPLOYEE INFORMATION AFFECTED?
Employee records are exempt from the privacy principles, but we have always maintained appropriate levels of confidentiality to employee records.
WHY DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL AND SENSITIVE INFORMATION?
We may directly or indirectly collect this information to enable BBS to undertake its business operations.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE PERSONAL AND SENSITIVE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
Unless you tell us not to, we may disclose this information to other organisations where we believe it is necessary to assist us with our operations. Recipients will typically be employers, health workers, investigators, lawyers, accountants, insurers, administrators and other service providers utilised by BBS. These organisations in turn may need to disclose the information to other such third parties, but BBS limits the use and disclosure to the purpose or purposes for which we supplied it.
We also use the information for administrative purposes such as processing operational and sales and marketing records.
We may also use your information to let you know about our range of products and services unless you advise otherwise.
We may sometimes be required by law, such as under legislation or by court order, to disclose some of your personal information.
If you do not provide the required information, it may not be possible to provide appropriate products or services to you.
BBS takes reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information it collects from you is accurate, complete, and up-to-date when BBS collects, uses or discloses it.
Unless you notify BBS in writing otherwise, by proceeding to deal with BBS, you confirm on your behalf and/or on behalf of those you represent agreement to the above Principles.
WHAT YOU ARE REQUIRED TO DO
When you provide BBS with personal information about other individuals, BBS relies on you to have made them aware that you will or may provide their information to us, the purposes for which BBS will use it, the types of third parties BBS discloses it to and how they can access it (as described in this statement). If it is sensitive information BBS relies on you to have obtained their consent to the above. If you have not done either of these things, you must notify us before you provide the relevant information.
If BBS gives you personal information, you and your representatives must only use it for the agreed purposes.
Where relevant, you must meet the requirements of the National Privacy Principles when collecting, using and handling personal information on BBS's behalf. This obligation extends to your agents, employees, and contractors to meet all of these requirements.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may store your personal information electronically or in hard copy. We endeavour to protect it from misuse and loss, and from unauthorised access, modification, and disclosure.
BBS WEBSITE
When you browse the BBS website, our Internet Service Provider collects information which identifies the network identity of the computer which is accessing the Bundaberg Sugar website. This information is used for the purposes of usage analysis, capacity planning and patterns to further improve our site. Access to this information is restricted within Bundaberg Sugar and any consultants who are bound to respect the privacy of the information.
The BBS website is 'Cookie' free, which means we will not use information obtained from your browsing activities to send you unsolicited information.
Bundaberg Sugar does not disclose or publish information which identifies browser activity without consent. Bundaberg Sugar reserves the right to gather information about any attempted access to the Bundaberg Sugar website which raises security issues and may make required disclosures to relevant authorities.
If you would like a copy of the BBS Privacy Statement or would like to access your personal information, please contact the BBS Privacy Officer at:
Privacy OfficerBundaberg Sugar LtdLevel 1, 155 Wharf StreetSpring Hill Qld 4000Telephone: (07) 3835 8400Fax: (07) 3835 8411Email: privacy@bundysugar.com.au
Privacy
Site Map
Contact
Bundaberg Foundry
Bundaberg Molasses