http://www.ownersrental.com/privacy.php
Home
About Us
All About Our Company
We're In The News!
Letters & Testimonials
Latest Announcements
Browse RV rentals
All
Class A
Class C
Travel Trailers
Toy Haulers
Tent Trailers (popups)
Class B (campervans)
5th Wheels
Renting an RV in Arizona
The RV Travel Advantage
RV Rental Rates & Policies
Questions & Answers
RV Rental Classifications
Grand Canyon RV Rentals
RVing NASCAR @ PIR
Arizona RV Travel Resources
Rental Documents
Rental Inquiry
Renting Your RV
Renting Overview
Listing Inquiry
Contact
Contact Form
Rental Inquiry
Listing Inquiry
string(22) "admin@onlinebrands.com"
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for the
Owner's Rental of Phoenix Inc
web site.
Information Collection and Use
Owner's Rental of Phoenix Inc
is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not
sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from
what is disclosed in this statement.
Owner's Rental of Phoenix Inc
collects information from our users at several different points on our
website.
Contact Form
We request information from the user on our contact form. Here a user
must provide contact information (like name and address). This information
is used for the purpose of serving the user's request.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing
information about the user. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie
simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the
user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving
time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use
our site. The only drawback to this is that the users experience will
be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user might not
be able to participate in any of our contests or monthly drawings that
may take place. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests
of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Registration
In order to use certain parts of this website, a user must first complete
a registration form. During registration a user is required to give their
contact information (such as name and email address). This information
is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they
have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic
information, and unique identifiers, but encouraged so we can provide
a more personalized experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's
movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we at
Owner's Rental of Phoenix Inc
are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We
encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site and to
read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally
identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information
collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information
such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys
or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely
voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose
this information. Information requested may include contact information
(such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such
as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the
winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes
of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about
our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address.
Owner's Rental
will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit
the site.
Owner's Rental
does not store this information.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, that information
is protected both online and off-line. When sensative information is requested
on our web site, that information is encrypted and is protected with the
best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page,
the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator
and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked,
or open, when you are just 'surfing'. If you are interested to learn more
about SSL, Wikipedia's
page on the subject is a good place to start. While we use SSL encryption
to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our
power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information,
not just the sensitive information, is restricted in our offices. Only
employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted
access to personally identifiable information. If you have any questions
about the security at our website, you can send an email to the web site
administrator at
admin@onlinebrands.com
.
Special Offers
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username.
Established members will occasionally receive information on products,
services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy
of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and service announcement updates. Members are
not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important
information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide
requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account
via email.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your
zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor
to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data
provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page
or by emailing our Customer Support.
Client Information:
Owners Rental will not rent or sell any personal information that
you supply to us. It is not our policy to sell, rent or otherwise provide
access to any other person or company other than the owner of the RV you
decided to rent.
Your information will only be provided to the owner of the
RV you have chosen to rent once you have completed the rental application and
paid the 25% reservation fee. Your privacy is very important to us and we will
always take steps to insure your information is safe.
Owners Rental requires
you to pay 25% of the rental in order to reserve an RV which we will charge
to the credit card you provide us with.
Your credit card information will
never be given to a third party, not even the owner of the RV you have
decided to rent.
Once we charge the 25% to your credit card we will always
delete any information regarding the credit card you have provided to Owners
Rental. This information will be deleted the rental application (reservation
form) before we send a copy of the rental application (reservation form) to
the owner of the RV you have chosen to rent.
Your credit card information
will only be used by Owners Rental of Phoenix to charge the 25% of the
rental to reserve the RV and will not be used for any other reason.
Please know that we will do everything possible to keep all of your
information safe and we have never, nor will we ever sell or rent any
of the information you have provided to us.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
on our web site so our users are always aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at
any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner
different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify
users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not
we use their information in this different manner. We will use information
in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was
collected.
Phone / Fax
+1 (623) 247-3984 (local)
+1 (800) 793-7460 (free)
+1 (855) 670-0398 (fax)
Why rent from Owner's Rental?
Flexibility! Thinking of more than a few days or a weeks vacation? Long term rental on some rental units.
Owner's rental is the premier RV motorhome rental referral service in the industry with decades of experience.
More...
Get our Newsletter!
Register
Follow @ownersrental
Copyright © Owner's Rental of Phoenix Inc 1997-2020.
All Rights Reserved.
Legal | Privacy
Site built and maintained by Alan T Miller