http://www.cagamas.com.my/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Your browser does not support the video tag.
NATIONAL MORTGAGE CORPORATION OF MALAYSIA As the Mortgage Corporation of Malaysia, Cagamas Berhad promotes the broader spread of home ownership and growth of the secondary mortgage market.
Learn More About Us
Awards
1 ProductsCagamas provides liquidity and risk/capital management solutions to the financial system through Purchase With Recourse (PWR), Purchase Without Recourse (PWOR) and mortgage guarantee products.
2 Debt SecuritiesConventional and Islamic debt securities inclusive of green, social and sustainability bonds and sukuk issued by Cagamas to fund its operations.
3 SukukIslamic debt securities inclusive of green, social and sustainability sukuk are issued by Cagamas to fund its Islamic operations.
Products
Cagamas purchases conventional assets through Purchase With Recourse (PWR) and Purchase Without Recourse (PWOR) schemes and provides mortgage guarantee through the Mortgage Guarantee Programme (MGP) and Skim Rumah Pertamaku (SRP).
Conventional Products
Cagamas purchases conventional assets through Purchase With Recourse (PWR) and Purchase Without Recourse (PWOR) schemes and provides mortgage guarantee through the Mortgage Guarantee Programme (MGP) and Skim Rumah Pertamaku (SRP).
Learn More
Islamic Products
Cagamas purchases Islamic facilities/assets through Purchase With Recourse and Purchase Without Recourse schemes and provides Islamic guarantee through the Mortgage Guarantee Programme and Skim Rumah Pertamaku.
Learn More
Debt Securities
Conventional and Islamic debt securities inclusive of green, social and sustainability bonds and sukuk issued by Cagamas to fund its operations.
Debt Securities
Conventional and Islamic debt securities inclusive of green, social and sustainability bonds and sukuk issued by Cagamas to fund its operations.
Learn More
Sukuk
Islamic debt securities inclusive of green, social and sustainability sukuk are issued by Cagamas to fund its Islamic operations.
Sukuk
Islamic debt securities inclusive of green, social and sustainability sukuk are issued by Cagamas to fund its Islamic operations.
Learn More
Highlights
IFN Asia OnAir Forum 2020
27 Nov 2020
Cagamas Berhad’s President/ Chief Executive Officer, Datuk Chung Chee Leong…
Read More
Workshop on Green Housing Finance 2020
23 Nov 2020
Cagamas Berhad (Cagamas) in collaboration with Japan Housing Finance (JHF)…
Read More
REDF Saudi Housing Finance Series
17 Nov 2020
As part of the REDF Saudi Housing Finance Series, Cagamas Berhad’s President…
Read More
HSBC Asia Credit Tour 2020: Virtual Investor/ Issuer Meeting
30 Oct 2020
Cagamas, led by President/ Chief Executive Officer, Datuk Chung Chee Leong,…
Read More
Second International Secondary Mortgage Market Association Meeting for 2020
14 Oct 2020
The International Secondary Mortgage…
Read More
View More Highlights
Press Releases
Cagamas Bucks Market Sentiments with RM2 Billion Combined Issuances of Bonds and Sukuk
03 Dec 2020
Cagamas Issues Short-Term Papers Totalling RM545 Million
23 Nov 2020
Cagamas Issues First Multi-Tenured Asean Sustainability Bonds for SME Sector
27 Oct 2020
Overwhelming Response To Cagamas’ Issuance Of Malaysia's First Asean Sustainability SRI Sukuk For Affordable Housing
21 Oct 2020
Cagamas Concludes Pricing of Short-Term Papers Totalling RM600 Million
19 Oct 2020
View More
Asian Secondary Mortgage Market Association (ASMMA)
Bank Negara Malaysia
Housing Watch
Skim Rumah Pertamaku
Skim Perumahan Belia
How can we help you?
Contact Us