https://www.michigansugar.com/website-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy0hn0ad2019-09-26T18:19:27+00:00
Website Privacy Policy
(March 25, 2015)
PRIVACY POLICY
Michigan Sugar Company (“MSC”) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience using our websites and mobile applications on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console, or other device (collectively, “Device”).  This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means.  By accessing or using our websites or mobile applications you consent to our Privacy Policy. If you give us personal information, we will treat it according to this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use so you understand MSC’s privacy practices and the terms and conditions of your use of our websites and mobile applications. MSC may modify this Privacy Policy at any time effective upon its posting.  Your continued use of our websites or mobile applications constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any updates.  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms and Conditions of Use.
Do you sell or trade customer information?
Except for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not, without your permission, give, sell or provide to others the information that you provide to us. We will ask for and obtain your permission before sharing your personal information for purposes beyond the scope of the Privacy Policy with anyone other than MSC subsidiaries and affiliates, unless we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
What kind of information will I be asked to provide?
When you supply us with your personal information, we will use it only for the express purpose for which it was collected; for example, registering your account, placing an order, and participating in a promotion, contest or survey. Personal information means personally identifiable information such as your name, street address, telephone number, credit card information, user name and e-mail address.   We also collect personal information if you contact us via telephone, email, text, postal mail, social media interaction, or other methods of communication, such as for customer support purposes.
We may automatically collect information regarding your interaction with and use of our websites and mobile applications.  Information we may collect includes, but is not limited to, your  telephone number, device identifier and hardware information, IP address, browser type and language, cookie information, system type, whether you have enabling software to access certain features, access times, referring website URLs, and other information about your interactions with us.
If you use a social media platform or your mobile device (or other method of communication) to interact with MSC or our websites or mobile applications, the platform, device, or method of communication may have a specific privacy policy that governs the use of personal information related to that application. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device, please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
We may receive additional personal information from merchants or other third parties. We may use this personal information to enhance other information we have about you to help us better understand you and to otherwise enhance our websites or mobile applications.
Do the Websites or Mobile Applications collect precise real-time location information of my Device?
Our websites and mobile applications do collect and process precise information about the location of your Device. Certain features of our websites and/or mobile applications require precise location information to work.  By using our websites and/or mobile applications, you authorize us to locate your Device and to record, compile, and display your location.
How will MSC use the information I provide?
MSC uses personal information to:
Enhance, customize and personalize your experiences and communications with MSC as well as operate and improve our websites and mobile applications;
Provide customers with offers for products and services from participating merchants, including offers based on variables such as stated and anticipated customer interests, personal characteristics, or location;
Facilitate orders for the redemption of discount offers;
Evaluate eligibility of customers for certain offers, products or services;
Evaluate the types of offers, products or services that may be of interest to customers;
Provide customer support, including to our merchants or business partners;
Fulfill requests for MSC products and services;
Communicate and provide additional information and marketing that may be of interest to you about MSC and our merchants and business partners, such as news, special offers and discounts, announcements, and marketing materials;
Send you reminders, support and administrative messages, or marketing;
Provide advertisements to you through our websites or mobile applications, email messages, text messages, applications, postal mail or other methods of communication;
Administer surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored by us or our partners; and
Manage our everyday business needs such as administration, fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, Terms of Use or to comply with the law.
We sometimes use testimonials from our customers in printed material or on this websites. Testimonials come from customer comments sent or e-mailed directly to us. Please see the Terms and Conditions of Use for more information on our use of customer comments.  We may transfer your information to service providers to conduct our business.  We may also disclose information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or other’s rights, property or safety.  We use a variety of security measures such as encryption and authentication tools to protect your information.  Only those people who need access to perform their jobs are provided access to your information.   However, like other companies, we cannot guarantee the absolute security or confidentiality of the information concerning you.
Children’s Privacy (Age 13 and Under).
MSC has no intention and does not knowingly collect or solicit any personally identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of age. Where appropriate, MSC will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our websites or mobile applications. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may request that the information be deleted from our records by contacting us.
What is a cookie?
We automatically collect information stored by your browser or device.  We may use a variety of methods to collect this information, such as cookies.  A cookie is a series of data characters that, when programmed, is placed by the web server into the browser’s application folder on your computing device. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow our websites to “recognize” you as a unique individual.
Does the websites or the mobile applications use cookies?
We use cookies to make your experience more efficient, convenient and personalized. Cookies are not required for you to interact with us; however, they are required for you to utilize certain features of our content and enhance the user experience.
Third-party merchants
We may also work with other companies who use tracking technologies and these companies may collect information about your interaction with use, including advertising.  MSC may periodically offer products or services for sale directly through our websites and mobile applications, but use third-party merchants to fulfill those orders or process payments.  With a link originating from this us the information you provide to those third-party merchants, such as your credit card number and contact information, is provided to the third-party merchants. Providing this information to the third-party merchant enables the transaction to take place. However, you should know that those merchants may, if you do not advise them to the contrary, share your name and postal and e-mail addresses with third parties, including MSC.
Additionally, certain links originating from our websites or mobile applications redirect users to sites hosted by third-party merchants, including the “Michigan Sugar Company Store,” which is hosted by The Work Wear Store.
Third-party merchants have separate privacy and data collection practices. We have no control over and therefore no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. For more information regarding other merchants who send items or catalogs “presented by” MSC, please see the merchant’s home page and click on their information link. Third-party merchants that have links on our websites or mobile applications may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of these merchants are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
MSC is not responsible or liable for the independent privacy policies of third-party merchant websites. You should consult the privacy policies at those websites to determine how your information may be used.
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. In particular, the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by MSC pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via email to info@michigansugar.com, or by writing us at the following address:
Michigan Sugar Company122 Uptown Drive, Suite 300Bay City, MI 48708
Please allow 30 days for a response.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may use the information you provide us for new, unanticipated uses not previously addressed in our Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on the Privacy Policy page of our websites and/or by notice provided through our mobile applications to notify you of these changes. You should check this Privacy Policy periodically for more information on how we may use the data we collect.
Contact us
To contact us for any reason, including a request to be added to or taken off a list, or if you have any concerns or questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices associated with our websites or mobile applications, please contact us:
By mail:Michigan Sugar Company122 Uptown Drive, Suite 300Bay City, MI 48708
By phone:1-989-686-0161
By e-mail:info@michigansugar.com
Special Note: When you contact us, please provide us with your exact name and address as it appears on correspondence you have received from us.
22000:00001:1759996-3
Go to Top