http://www.kooman.com/branches/library/disclaimers/rjfsprivacy.htm
PRIVACY POLICY
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., takes your privacy seriously. This policy covers how
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., treats personal information that is received from your use of this website.
Personally Provided Information
You do not have to give us personal information to visit our websites.
If you choose to provide us with additional information about yourself through an e-mail message, form, survey, etc., this information is sent to the financial advisor through e-mail and is not collected in any other format.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no attempt is made to identify individual users or usage patterns. Your privacy is important to us; therefore, we will not sell, rent, or give your e-mail address to a third party.
E-Mail Tips
Do not provide your e-mail address to third party websites without reading the privacy and securities policies and terms and conditions of these sites to ensure you understand the circumstances in which your e-mail address will be used.
Information Automatically Collected
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., collects computer IP addresses of non-clients on an aggregate, anonymous basis in which no personal information is associated with this collected data. This data is gathered through the use of Web server log files where site activity is stored. The information is used to help diagnose problems with our server, to measure the use of our website content and to administer our website. None of the information gathered by the Web server is associated with you as an individual. Although this contains no personal information other than the IP address, it may be used to track down an individual who is attacking or misusing our resources. Cookie files are used on the site to help visitors navigate the site more easily.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small amounts of data that a website can send to a Web browser on a visitor's computer. The cookie is stored on a visitor's computer. A cookie may enable the site holder to track how a visitor navigates through its site and the areas in which they show interest. This is similar to a traffic report: it tracks trends and behaviors, but does not identify individuals. Information gathered may include date and time of visits, pages viewed, time spent at the site, and the site visited just before and just after the Raymond James site.
Visitors may choose not to accept cookies. Your Web browser may alert and allow you to refuse cookies. When you received an alert, you may choose at that time to disallow that cookie. If the use of cookies is a concert to you , then please make sure your browser has the capability, and that you set your browser to alert you accordingly. Newer browser versions may allow you to be alerted or to automatically refuse cookies. You may need to download a more current version of your Web browser from your service provider.
Account Access
Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., offers online services via Investor Access to a limited segment of its client base. To protect our client information, users are required to log in using a unique user name and password. Raymond James uses encryption technology to secure client data as it is being transferred between computers and also has implemented a combination of computer hardware and software to keep unauthorized users from accessing information on Raymond James' computer network.
We do store information regarding actions taken by clients when they access their client accounts. This information may be provided to the client's financial advisor and to other Raymond James Associates who provide services or products to the client.
Links
This site contains hyperlink's to outside websites on servers not owned or controlled by Raymond James Financial Services, Inc. Raymond James Financial Services, Inc., is not responsible for the data collection, privacy practices or the content of such websites and does not endorse, approve or guarantee information, products, services or recommendations provided at a third party website.
Public Use
This website is considered public information and may be printed for personal use.
Children's Online Privacy
Our website is directed at customers and potential customers, most of whom are adults. However, children may access our website and provide information. For example, they may request information concerning our products and services and apply for certain products and services. Should children access our website, we are confident that parents will not judge any of the information provided as objectionable for viewing by their children. Parents can avail themselves of various software packages that are available to prevent their children from accessing websites which they deem to be inappropriate. Parents can choose to utilize this and other methods to limit the websites to which their children have access.