https://www.usbattery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
By using the U.S. Battery Mfg., Co. website or affiliated websites owned or operated by us (together “Site”) or submitting personal information on the Site, you consent to the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information as set out below.Collection of Information
We collect statistical information about you when you visit the Site, such as the pages visited on the Site, unique URLs visited within the Site, the domains from which you visit the Site, and browser type and IP address. Most of this information is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. Accepting the cookies used on our site does not give us access to your personal information, but we may use the cookies to identify your computer.We collect personally identifiable information about you that you voluntarily submit to us, such as filling out a form or survey or emailing us. We may also collect personal information from you at other points on the Site that state personal information is being collected. Personally identifiable information that we collect from you may consist of your contact information, product purchase information or product usage information. We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children, and we do not knowingly market our products to children.Cookies and Other Tracking
We may store information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive to help you navigate the Site as easily as possible. Cookies can help us to better understand how users use the Site, which in turn helps us focus our resources on features that are more popular with our users. If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing the Site, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies or generally refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser.  Some parts of the Site may not work properly if you elect not to receive cookies.Use of Information
We use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information for our marketing and sales purposes, for Web site administration, and for such purposes as expressly stated when you provided your information. We will not use this information for other purposes, unless you consent to the new usage or if required or permitted by applicable law. Of course, if applicable, we do use personally identifiable information to perform the services for which such data was collected (i.e., if you sign up for an email newsletter, we will send the email newsletter to the address you provide us). If you want to opt-out of receiving communications you have expressly requested (such as e-mail newsletters), you may do so by selecting the “opt-out” or “unsubscribe” link in each email that you receive from us. Personal information given to us in one country may be transferred to a different country for the purpose of processing, data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management, unless prohibited by applicable law.Occasionally, we will send you e-mail communications with information, which may be useful to you, including information about our products or about offerings from our distributors. When you first provide us with your e-mail address, you will be given the option of not receiving any such e-mail communications. We will include instructions in our e-mail messages on how to unsubscribe if you later decide you do not want to receive any future e-mail communications. From time-to-time, the Site request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose the requested information. This information will be used for our marketing and sales purposes, for Site administration and for such purposes as expressly stated in the survey.Disclosure of Information
Unless we tell you otherwise, or unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or required by law, we do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to any third parties. However, we may share your personally identifiable information and aggregated (non-personally identifiable) information with our affiliates, distributors and dealers, if allowed to do so under applicable laws. The affiliated companies, distributors and dealers may be in the United States or in other parts of the world.We may disclose your information when responding to subpoenas, court orders, government inquiries or legal processes, when establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims, when performing contracts with you or in other circumstances permitted or required under applicable law. We may collect and possibly share your personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or as otherwise required by law.Privacy Policy and Outside Links
This Privacy Policy only applies to the Site. The Site may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors, advertisers, or other third parties. These other sites are outside of our control. Please be aware that these websites may collect information about you and operate according to their own privacy practices which may differ from those contained in this Privacy Policy.Security
We are committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, we have in place physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. If appropriate, we use authentication tools among other methods to protect your web-based personal information. Of course, there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet. E-mails you send us are not necessarily secure when they are transmitted to us. If your communication is sensitive or includes highly confidential information, you may want to provide it by post or via the telephone instead. When appropriate, we restrict the number of employees internally who can access such data and instruct such employees that the data is to be used only in adherence with the principles set forth in this Privacy Policy and our internal policies.Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to comply with new laws or regulations or to reflect changes in our business practices. Such amendments will be effective when posted at this URL or other sections of the Site so you are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy on occasion.If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please email mwallace@usbattery.com Company InfoHomeAbout U.S. Battery Mfg.Frequently Asked QuestionsMeet the TeamCare and MaintenanceXtreme CapacitySpecificationsBlogContactCA, Corona Main OfficeU.S. Battery Manufacturing Co.1675 Sampson Avenue
Corona, California 92879800.695.0945
951.371.8090
951.371.4671 – Fax
GA, Evans OfficeU.S. Battery Manufacturing Co.717 North Belair Road
Evans, Georgia 30809706.868.0533
706.860.9342 – Fax
GA, Augusta OfficeU.S. Battery Manufacturing Co.1895 Tobacco Road
Augusta, Georgia 30906800.522.0945
706.790.0218
706.772.7756 – Fax
Scroll to topThis site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OKLearn moreCookie and Privacy SettingsHow we use cookiesWe may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website.Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.Essential Website CookiesThese cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our site functions. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website.Google Analytics CookiesThese cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.If you do not want that we track your visist to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:Click to enable/disable google analytics tracking.Other external servicesWe also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.Google Webfont Settings:Click to enable/disable google webfonts.Google Map Settings:Click to enable/disable google maps.Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:Click to enable/disable video embeds.