http://www.peachtreechecks.com/home/privacy
Register
Log in
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Laser Checks
Top Position
Middle Position
Bottom Position
3 Per Page
Blank Check Stock
Continuous Checks
Handwritten Checks
Deposit Slips
Envelopes
Binders
Stamps
Contact Us
About Us
Checks.org Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Protecting privacy is an important part of the business of Daily Business Forms and Supplies, Inc. (“Checks.org”). Throughout our existence, we have been a trusted custodian of sensitive data. Our customers rely on that trust. Founded in 1986, we have a long history of recognizing and protecting the privacy of our customers' information. We are committed to utilizing technology that gives you the safest and most powerful online experience available. We want to assure you that when we ask for customer information, our goal is to improve our business customer relationships and provide solutions you need to grow your business.
This website enables the ordering of a large suite of products and services designed to help your business grow. The following information will help you understand how we collect, use, and safeguard your information. The terms "we", "our", and "us" in this Privacy statement refer to Daily Business Forms and Supplies, Inc. and its affiliates.
Information Collection & Use
We use the information collected about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized and value-added experience. We may also use your information to communicate with you about products, services, and future promotions. For the purposes of order verification and fraud prevention, we may exchange information about our customers internally within Daily Business Forms and Supplies, Inc. and among our affiliates.
The type of information we collect, use, or share may depend on the product or service you have with us. At times, we may request that you voluntarily supply identifying information for purposes such as receiving correspondence, registering on this website, making purchases, or participating in online surveys, forums, blogs, chat sessions, market research or contests/sweepstakes. If you elect to participate, we may require you to provide business information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, financial institution information, credit card information, or e-mail address. In certain areas of our website, you may provide employee information such as when adding additional authorized users to your business account and updating contact information. When you submit business information to us, you understand and agree that we may access, store, and use your information.
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we may send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes. We may send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
For testimonials, we obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting their name along with their testimonial. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit through testimonials. Information you provide will be safeguarded according to industry standards for security and confidentiality. Checks.org recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of the information you choose to provide. We take steps to require that our vendors, consultants, suppliers, and contractors observe our Privacy Policy with respect to security and the collection, use, and exchange of our customers' information. They are expected to abide by our Privacy Policy when conducting work for us and are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Information Sharing and Your Choices
Reasons we can share your information
Does Checks.org Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - including billing, processing transactions, & fulfilling orders; customer & marketing support services
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer products and services to grow your business
Yes
Yes
For our affiliated companies to market to you
Yes
Yes
For third parties to market to you
Yes
Yes
We may selectively share customer information, including names and mailing addresses, with reputable third parties and organizations whose products and services we think may interest you if the customer information is independently obtained by us (that is, if the information is received from sources other than your financial institution). Names and other personal information that are received by us through a financial institution are not shared with third parties except for the purpose of fulfilling our contracts with financial institutions or as otherwise permitted by law. We do not share your email address with third parties for them to market their products or services directly to you. However, we may partner with selected companies to offer certain products or services we believe may be of interest to you on their behalf.
We provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving unsolicited marketing as a result of your transaction with us. If you no longer wish to receive special offers or promotional communications from Checks.org, you may edit your Account Profile or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each communication. You may also express your opt-out choices by contacting Checks.org customer service.
We may share your personal information with companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order, billing processing or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We reserve the right to disclose information about you as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Security
We are committed to protecting your personal and business information. Security measures are in place on this website to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We offer industry-standard security measures available through your web browser. When you are on this website, the sensitive information you provide such as credit card and financial information is encrypted with secure socket layer (SSL) technology and scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches us. Please remember that e-mail, which is different from the encrypted sessions above, is not secure. Therefore, we ask that you do not send sensitive information such as credit card or account numbers to us via an unsecured e-mail message.
Tracking Activity on our Website
In order to make your visit to our website as productive as possible, we track certain user activity. However, we want you to know that the tracking technology we use does not identify any personal information about you. It cannot retrieve data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture any personal information about you, such as your name, address, phone number, or email address. We only know who you are if you tell us.
As is true with most websites, we gather certain information automatically when individuals browse our site and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this non-personal information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, in order to improve the functionality of the website. We use a third-party tracking service that uses technology to track this non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate.
We use cookies to improve your shopping experience. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information (such as a unique user session ID) that is used to track the pages of the websites you've visited. The information in cookies helps to serve you better by keeping track of your order when shopping on this site; it also helps us improve site design. We do not store sensitive information, other than your name, in your cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can set your browser to decline cookies. Even if your web browser is set to decline cookies, you can use many of the features within this site. However, you will not be able to place an order or retrieve your order status.
Some of our business partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site to help us manage the content on our site as well as to manage our advertising on other sites. The technologies may be used to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other sites to provide you targeted advertising based on your interests. Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages. The information gathered by web beacons is not tied to our customers’ personally identifiable information.
Social Media
Our site includes social media features such as Facebook “Like” and “Share This” buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Children Visiting Our Websites
This website is intended for use by adults. We do not knowingly collect or use information from children. Should children access this website, we are confident that parents will not judge any of the information provided as objectionable for viewing. If you are under 18, you may use this web site only with the involvement and permission of a parent or guardian.
Other Websites Linked to this Site
This website contains links to other sites that may or may not be owned or controlled by Checks.org. We encourage you to be aware when you leave this site and to read the privacy policies and applicable terms of use posted on each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies only to information collected on this website.
Consent to Privacy Policy/Changes to Privacy Policy
By using this website you consent to our posted Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to these terms means that you accept these changes.
We may change our privacy policy at any time. Any changes to the privacy and security policy will be posted on this website and any other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of the information we collect, as well as how we use and protect it. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, or by means of a notice displayed on our web page prior to the changes taking effect.
To Correct/Update/Access/Opt Out:
We are committed to ensuring that the information we obtain and use about our customers is accurate. You can help us maintain accurate records by updating your profile information online or by contacting us directly. Our service representatives are trained to answer questions about and give you reasonable access to your personal information in our database.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and we will use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.