https://www.vegajardin.com/cookies-privacy/
Cookies privacy - VEGAJARDIN
Sorry, you have Javascript Disabled! To see this page as it is meant to appear, please enable your Javascript! See instructions here
+34 926 273 380
info@vegajardin.com
Español
English
Deutsch
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
Hidden
HOME
COMPANY
PRODUCTS
CHEESES
SHEEP
GOAT
COW
BLENDED
PASTEURIZED MILK
RAW MILK
PDO / PGI
BLUE
PORTIONS
CHARCUTERIE
SERRANO HAMS
IBERIAN HAMS
SAUSAGES
IBERIAN SAUSAGES
GAME SAUSAGES
LOIN, CECINA, BACON
FRESH SAUSAGES
DRIED FRUIT CAKES
Fig Cake
Date Cake
Other Fruit Cakes
NUTS
Marcona Almond
Valencia Almond
Valencia Flavors
Other Nuts
CONFECTIONERY
Quince Paste
Nougats
Artisan Specialties
OLIVES
FISH
OTHER SPECIALTIES
SERVICE
Environment
CONTACT US
Select Page
PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy on-line.
We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and this policy explains how we collect information about you, what we do with it and what controls you have.
Who we are?
The website is owned by Vegajardin, S.L., which is the party responsible for collecting the data.
Personal data we may collect about you
We can only provide the goods and services ordered by you if you provide us with your personal data. For the purpose of providing these services, we collect personal data about you such as : your name, address, email address.
We will use the information you provide for the purposes described in this privacy policy to which you agreed to at the time your data was obtained.
Your personal data will be used to provide the information, goods and services offered through our website to you, for billing and order fulfilment.
We may use your personal information to send you information about our products and services which you have requested from us by signing up to our newsletter. At any stage you can ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You can opt out of receiving any marketing communications from us by using the unsubscribe-function in the marketing email or email as at info@vegajardin.com
Your consent
Security
We place great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. We will use technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data.
You should bear in mind that submission of information over the internet is never entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of information whilst it is in transit over the internet and any such submission is at your own risk. All we can do is use all our reasonable efforts to safeguard your data and ensure that we maintain a reliable and safe environment to use your data. It is advisable to close your browser when you have finished your user session to help ensure others do not access your personal information if you use a shared computer or a computer in a public place.
Your rights
If you are concerned about your data, you have the right to request access to the personal data which we may hold or process about you.
Cookies Policy
Your cookies policy should include information about the types of cookies that are used on the site and the purpose for which they are used. Once you have identified the cookies that are used in your shop the following sample might help you in drafting your cookies policy.
A cookie is a small text file that we store on your device if you agree.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. Cookies also provide us with information about how this website is used so we can keep it is as up to date, relevant and error-free as possible. Further information about the types of cookies that may be used on this website is set out below:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are essential to the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website or use a shopping basket.
Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors to our website and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
This cookie enables us to:
– Estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
– Store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site and to provide you with offers that are targeted at your individual interests.
– Speed up your searches.
– Recognise you when you return to our site.
– Allow you to use our site in a way that makes your browsing experience more convenient, for example, by allowing you to store items in an electronic shopping basket between visits. If you register with us or complete our online forms, we will use cookies to remember your details during your current visit, and any future visits provided the cookie was not deleted in the interim.
More information
Please note that certain cookies may be set the moment you start visiting this website. You can choose to manage the cookies we use on this website through your browser settings at any time. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. For more information about how to change your browser settings, and about cookies in general, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Our contact details
We welcome your feedback and questions. If you wish to contact us, please send an email to info@vegajardin.com or you can write to us at Vegajardin, S.L., Avda. Isaac Peral, 10, 13005 Ciudad Real, Spain or call us on + 34 926 200 168.
Vegajardín offers a wide range of carefully selected Spanish gourmet foods, such as Manchego PDO cheese, goat cheeses, sheep cheeses, cow cheeses or blended cheeses, Iberian Bellota ham, sausages, fig cakes and date cakes, Marcona almond, quince paste, Spanish confectionery... You can buy directly from Spain in a simple and quickly way, with total satisfaction guaranteed. We are exporters of Spanish cheeses and gourmet products since 1999.
Contact
VEGAJARDIN, S.L.
Avda. Isaac Peral, 10
13005 Ciudad Real (Spain)
+34 926 273 380
info@vegajardin.com
ProductsCheeses
Charcuterie
Dried fruit cakes
Nuts
Confectionery
Other specialties
Contacto
VEGAJARDIN, S.L.
Avda. Isaac Peral, 10
13005 Ciudad Real (Spain)
+34 926 273 380
info@vegajardin.com
ProductsCheeses
Charcuterie
Dried fruit cakes
Nuts
Confectionery
Other specialties
© Vegajardín since 1999. Your Gourmet place. All rights reserved.
IMPRINT | PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
© Vegajardín since 1999. Your Gourmet place. All rights reserved.
IMPRINT | PRIVACY & COOKIES POLICY
ProductsCheeses
Charcuterie
Dried fruit cakes
Nuts
Confectionery
Other specialties
IMPRINT
Cookies privacy
© Vegajardín since 1999. Your Gourmet place. All rights reserved.
This website uses own and third parties cookies for analyze usage statistics to improve our services. By using this site, you agree with this. More info
Accept