http://www.wilson-company.com/t-privacy.aspx
Privacy Policy
1-800-580-1212
Login
Register
[0] Items
Toggle navigation
[0] Items
Home
About Wilson
About Us
Locations
Contact Us
Suppliers
Industries & Solutions
News and Reviews
Our Vision
We are committed to improving the lives of our associates, customers and community.
Shop Online
View Our Products
Hydraulic Products
Pneumatic Products
Hose
Fittings
Valves
Clamps
Couplings
Gauges
Filtration - Filters
Tubing
Septic
Parker Divisions
NEW on Wilson Company
Services
Fluid Power Solutions
Parker Stores
Training Courses
Resources
Catalog Room
Formula & Calculations
Mobile Apps & Tools
Virtual Engineer
Config Management Tool
Careers
Order History
FREE SHIPPING on orders over $200. Online Only. Valid within the US.
Privacy Policy
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help us improve your experience.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures when you place an order, enter, submit, or access information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
All credit card information is processed through a gateway provider and is not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile information about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies in your browser:
If you disable cookies, some features will be disabled. It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. The third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
COPPA
We are in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not specifically market to children under 13.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of the email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this site and update the date below.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Wilson Company
16301 Addison Road
Addison, TX 75001
info@wilson-company.com
972-931-8666
Last edited on 2016-01-07
Contact Us  |  Locations  |  Privacy Policy  |  Terms and Conditions  |  Responsible Use and Conduct  |  Careers
© Wilson Company All Rights Reserved | IntelliTest is a trademark of Wilson Company
All specifications subject to change
Dallas TX  |  Fort Worth TX  |  Houston TX  |  Austin TX  |  San Antonio TX  |  Texarkana AR
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
Loading...