https://www.baikowski.com/en/legal-notice/
Legal notice
Site publisher
Baikowski®
A French limited company in the form of a Société Anonyme à conseil d’administration with share capital of €4,589,581.25
Company number RCS Annecy B 303 970 388
EU VAT number FR 14303 970 388
Registered office:
1046 route de Chaumontet
BP 501
74330 POISY
France
Editor: Laura PHILIPPE
Your questions or remarks may be addressed to us at marketing.team@baikowski.com.
Hosting and design
Net Design
ZAC Valparc – 74330 POISY – France
Telephone: +33 (0)4 50 244 244
Email: info@agencenetdesign.com
Website: www.agencenetdesign.com
Photo credits
©utopikphoto
©Photo Gilles BERTRAND
©Baikowski®
Please read this legal notice attentively before consulting the website.
This notice is designed to define the bases on which BAIKOWSKI makes the present website available to you and on which you access and use the website. Any connection to the website is subordinated to compliance with the present legal notice which BAIKOWSKI reserves the right to modify or update at any time.
1. Access to the website
BAIKOWSKI strives to maintain the website accessible but has no obligation of so succeeding. It is specified that for the purposes of maintenance, updating and eventually for other reasons (notably technical), access to the website may be interrupted. BAIKOWSKI shall in no event be liable for any such interruptions and for any resulting consequences for any user of the website.
2. Intellectual property
Access to the https://baikowski.com website gives you a right to private and non-exclusive use of the website. Any and all articles, photographs and other documents on the website are the property of BAIKOWSKI, or have been authorized for publication by their owners, and are subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights. The brands present on the website (in the form of trademarks, logos or other forms) are the property of BAIKOWSKI Group companies. No license or other right of use of the brands displayed on the present website may be inferred. Any reproduction, representation, modification, publication, transmission or alteration, partial or total, by any means whatsoever and on any medium whatsoever, of the present website or its content engages the user’s liability and may give rise to pursuit for counterfeiting.
3. Warranty and liability
Content published on the website is supplied “as is” and subject to no express or tacit warranty of any sort whatsoever. BAIKOWSKI reserves itself the right to modify, correct, interrupt and/or suppress content of or access to the website at any time and without notice. BAIKOWSKI may not be held liable in the event of any contamination of your computer equipment as a result of the propagation of a virus or other computer infections. It is your responsibility to take appropriate measures for the protection of your computer equipment.
In no event may BAIKOWSKI or its employees, vendors or other partners mentioned on the website be held liable, in respect of an action relating to contractual or penal liability, or of any other legal action, for any direct, indirect or incidental loss of any nature whatsoever, and notably for any financial or commercial loss, resulting from use of the website or of any information obtained on the website.
4. Hyperlinks
The www.baikowski.com website may have occasion to provide access to other websites by means of hyperlinks. Baikowski does not manage those websites and cannot control their content. Baikowski may therefore in no event be held liable for the content of said websites or for any collection and transmission of personal data, installation of cookies or other process for the same purposes performed by said websites.
5. Cookies
On opening a page of our website, you saw a message indicating the presence of cookies on the website. Such “cookie” files are installed on your terminal (computer, smartphone, tablet etc.) for the purpose of collecting information on your browsing. Below, you will find explanatory details as well as guidance for configuring the cookies in accordance with your choices.
Presentation of cookies:
A cookie is a file containing information in respect of your browsing. It is recorded on your hard drive by your browser (as, for example, for your browsing history) when you visit a website. It is a small file which enables the server hosting the website to identify and recognize you during the cookie’s lifetime.
Why use cookies?
There are 2 types of cookies we may use.
Most technical cookies (such as session cookies) are indispensable for the website’s proper functioning and their suppression may result in browsing difficulties.
1. Technical cookies
Technical cookies are indispensable for the website’s functioning. They provide access to protected areas of the websites (such as professional areas) by means of personal identifiers (login and session password). They generally have a very short lifetime.
2. Statistical cookies (web analytics)
Statistical cookies collect your connection data to provide the website owner information on such matters as the number of visits to its website, the average duration of visits, the most visited pages and by means of which browser. Google Analytics generates a cookie possessing a unique identifier which collects your IP address in order to determine from which town or city you were connected but without ever establishing which computer or natural person you really are.
How can cookies be managed?
Several possibilities for managing cookies are available to you. Any configuring you undertake may affect your internet browsing and your access to certain services requiring the use of cookies. You may choose at any time to express and modify your preferences in respect of cookies as described below.
Management of cookies
Configuration:
1. Configuration of your web browser
Each web browser may be configured to authorize (or not) the presence of cookies on your terminal.
List of the applicable procedures:
For Chrome™
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=fr&hlrm=en
For Internet Explorer™
http://windows.microsoft.com/fr-fr/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies
For Firefox™
http://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/cookies-informations-sites-enregistrent?redirectlocale=fr&redirectslug=Gérer+les+cookies
For Opera™
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
2. Opt-out
You may also configure your choices directly on the platforms which deposit cookies using the following link. NB in the event of refusal of a cookie, your terminal will record a cookie whose sole purpose is to deactivate the services associated with the cookie, which means that if you delete all the cookies recorded on your terminal, via your web browser, we will no longer know that you have chosen this option. For audience measurement cookies deposited by Google Analytics, see https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=fr.
Additional information:
For more information on cookies, you may consult the French data protection authority’s website at http://www.cnil.fr/vos-droits/vos-traces/les-cookies/.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
Privacy policy
I forget my password
A message will be sent to your email address.