http://www.cesales.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
X
Search Products
Careers
Contact
800-228-2790
Product Search
Products & SolutionsAutomation
Controls
Motion
Robotics
Safety
Sensors
Vision
Pneumatics
Marking Systems
Solution Center
Resource CenterPresentations
Product Overviews
Document Library
Compliance Documents
Technical Applications
Control Panel Selector Guide
Line Cards
Events
News
About Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
C&E Advanced Technologies is an in Ohio based supplier of factory automation solutions. It's headquarters are located 677 Congress Park Dr., Dayton, OH 45459, USA  The website of C&E Advanced Technologies and all online presence in the name of C&E Advanced Technologies values the privacy and security of the information that you share with us through our web site. It is important that you understand how we collect, use, and maintain your information.
C&E Advanced Technologies respects the privacy of every individual who visits any of the mentioned domain/website(s)s and/or purchases its Services. This Privacy Policy is our commitment to transparency in communicating how C&E Advanced Technologies collects, uses, and discloses the information that is collected from you, the visitor of its website and/or customer as well as the choices you have with respect to the information.
SCOPE OF POLICY
This Privacy Policy applies to how we collect, use, and disclose information from the following individuals:
Customers – individuals who register, on their own or on behalf of an entity, to use C&E Advanced Technologies Services with the creation or administration of a C&E Advanced Technologies account.
Event/Marketing Participants – individuals who provide their information to C&E Advanced Technologies when they register for C&E Advanced Technologies webinars, subscribe to marketing material, participate in surveys or contests, or attend other C&E Advanced Technologies events.
Website Visitors – individuals who visit C&E Advanced Technologies' Website and opt to provide contact information including an email address to receive communications from C&E Advanced Technologies. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, a Website Visitor does not include an individual who visits a website hosted by C&E Advanced Technologies but owned and operated by a C&E Advanced Technologies customer.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to a Customer’s website. Our Customers are responsible for the information they or their end users store in our hosting environment as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc.’s terms related to the collection and storage of personal information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Customers
C&E Advanced Technologies asks (where applicable) for your account information which includes your name, business name, email address, physical address, phone number, credit card and bank account information (stored directly with a third party processor), and website domain. By voluntarily providing C&E Advanced Technologies with your account information, you represent that you own and consent to our use of such personal data.
Website Visitors
At your option, C&E Advanced Technologies asks and may collect your name, email address, physical address, and phone number. In addition, we also collect information such as web server logs, internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, or other information as part of aggregated data.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
C&E Advanced Technologies uses cookies, beacons, tags, and other tracking technologies to gather demographic information about you, identify your visits to our Website, other interactions with our Website, and personalize your search experience on our Website. We gather information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, internet service provider (ISP), operating system, browser type, date/time stamp, and store it in log files. To collect this information, a cookie, a standard feature of a website that allows us to store a small amount of data on your computer to allow our web servers to recognize you, may be set on your computer or device when you visit our Website. We may track your use across different websites and services. In some countries, including those in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), the information in this paragraph may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.
You can control how websites use cookies by changing your cookie settings (www.aboutcookies.org), but your modification may limit your use and functionality of some of the features on our Website. We may also use cookies and other tracking technologies to provide you advertising based on your browsing activities. You may opt-out of targeted advertisements by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org, or if located in the EEA, you may opt-out by visiting http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
C&E Advanced Technologies uses the information it collects about you in the following ways:
To respond to any requests from you regarding sales and support
To contact you regarding any agreements or accepted terms that you may have with C&E Advanced Technologies for the Services
To provide you with marketing emails, special offers, advertising campaigns, or newsletters
To provide you with information logs associated with the use of C&E Advanced Technologies’ Services
To contact you regarding functionality changes to our Services or Website
To develop new features and functionality to our Services and Website
To collect payment and bill for our Services
To help personalize searches
To diagnose problems
To find and prevent fraud
To register your domain and IP address through ARIN (American Registry for Internet Numbers)
To carry out other purposes as disclosed to you through the Website, or found in terms or an agreement between you and C&E Advanced Technologies
Process for other purposes for which we obtain your consent
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
C&E Advanced Technologies shares the information it collects about you in the following ways:
Third-Party Providers – C&E Advanced Technologies may share your information with third-party providers that provide services on our behalf or resellers who provide C&E Advanced Technologies Services. These companies may assist with marketing support, processing credit card payments, content delivery, email, providing sales leads, and customer support. Third-party providers may only process personal information pursuant to C&E Advanced Technologies' instructions and in compliance with the Privacy Policy and other applicable regulations (e.g. EU-US Privacy Shield framework).
Advertising - Based on the cookies and other tracking devices, we may work with advertising companies to display ads that may be of interest to you.
Business Transactions – To provide information to a third party in the event of any disposition of all or any portion of our business (e.g. reorganization, sale, assignment, bankruptcy).
Aggregated or De-identified Data - We may disclose or use aggregated or de-identified information with third-party providers for research purposes relating to our Services.
As Required by Law or Similar Investigations - To comply with legal obligations (e.g. subpoena) or investigate potential legal violations. C&E Advanced Technologies may be required to share personal data in response to lawful requests from public authorities including to meet national security and/or law enforcement requirements.
Safety - We may disclose your information to protect and defend the safety of C&E Advanced Technologies in connection with investigating and preventing fraud or security issues.
Consent - C&E Advanced Technologies may share your information with your consent.
YOUR CHOICES
You may unsubscribe from receiving promotional or marketing emails from C&E Advanced Technologies at any time by using the “unsubscribe” link in the email received, or by emailing us at privacy@ceadvancedtech.com. As outlined in the Section, Cookies and other Tracking Technologies, you can also control your cookie settings.
With respect to your account information, you may update, correct or delete information that you provided to us by logging into your C&E Advanced Technologies account or contacting us at privacy@ceadvancedtech.com.
LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION
For individuals in the EEA, C&E Advanced Technologies' legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. C&E Advanced Technologies will process personal information from you where a) we have your consent to do so, b) where processing is necessary for C&E Advanced Technologies to perform Services pursuant to an agreement, or c) where processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. At any time, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent. If you do not provide the requested information, C&E Advanced Technologies will not be able to perform Services for you. Also, you have the right to object where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal information.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
C&E Advanced Technologies is a global based company and stores your information in its data centers in the United States or, in limited cases, in Indonesia. C&E Advanced Technologies may transfer your personal information to countries other than the country in which you live. Whenever C&E Advanced Technologies transfers personal information originating from the EEA or Switzerland to other countries not deemed adequate under applicable data protection law, it will do so on the basis of the Privacy Shield Frameworks or EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
To comply with European Union and Swiss data protection laws, C&E Advanced Technologies self-certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield, as administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce. These frameworks were created to enable companies to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal information from the EEA and Switzerland to the United States. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Frameworks, the Privacy Shield Frameworks shall govern.
DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS
Individuals located in the EEA may have additional statutory rights available to them with respect to their personal information, including the right to access your personal information, have it erased, have it corrected, or object to or restrict processing. If you would like to make such a request, please email privacy@ceadvancedtech.com and we will respond within thirty (30) days. C&E Advanced Technologies will need to verify that the individual is inquiring about his/her own information before we can assist with the request.
We will comply with such requests to the extent legally required by applicable law or the EU-US or Swiss-US Privacy Shield. For EU individuals, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
CHILDREN
Our Website and/or Services are not directed at children and our services are designed for businesses. We do not knowingly collect information from or about children under 13 years of age, and use of our services by children under 13 years of age is forbidden.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
C&E Advanced Technologies reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, however, should we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. If you disagree with the changes, you may terminate your Services.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns over this Privacy Policy or wish to exercise any of your statutory rights, please contact us at:
C&E Advanced Technologies
Attn: Security Officer
Dayton - Ohio
Email – privacy@ceadvancedtech.com
Connections that keep people working
2400 Technical Drive | Miamisburg, OH 45342 | 800.228.2790
Subscribe to our newsletter
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
©2020 by C&E Advanced Technologies, Inc. - All Rights Reserved