http://www.esourceoptics.com/privacy.html
eSource Optics
Optical Products
VUV-UV Filter Information
VUV Optical Filters
VUV Broadband Filters
UV Filters 220-266nm
UV Filters 270-320nm
VUV-UV Mirrors & Coatings
VUV-UV Spherical Mirrors
VUV-UV Grade Windows
VUV-UV Spherical Lenses
UV Spherical Lenses
VUV-UV Beamsplitters
UV ND Filters 200-320nm
VUV-UV Wedged Windows
VUV-UV CaF2 PL-CC Lenses
VUV-UV CaF2 Bi-CX/Bi-CC
VUV-UV CaF2 Meniscus
VUV-UV CaF2 Prisms
Window Sale! Excess Parts
Square Windows
Circular Windows >=12.7mm
Circular Windows >=38.1mm
Hardwood Optics Cases
VUV Material Properties
Contact Us
Request For Quote
Mailing List & Newsletter
Recommend eSource Optics
Rainbowindows: Optics Fun
Optics Tutorial & Info.
Glossary of Terms
About Us & Site Terms
Privacy Policy
Photonics Resources/Links
View Optics Shopping Cart
eSource Optics Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the eSource Optics Web Site.  This page will give you an overview of our privacy policy, what information we collect when you visit our site and submit a request, how that information is used, how you can contact us, and a general disclaimer about the use and content on our site.  If you have any questions that are not addressed here, please contact us directly or refer to our About Us page link for additional site terms and conditions.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Please be assured that eSource Optics takes your privacy very seriously and has the utmost respect for your privacy.  We only use the information we get from your visit for internal tracking purposes, to make our Company as useful and interesting to you as we can, and to respond to your requests for information and products.  We do not use your personal information for any other purpose and we will never sell, rent, loan or transfer any personal information regarding our customers to any unrelated third parties.  Any information you give us about yourself is held with the utmost care and security and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.
What information do we collect?
Information You Give to eSource Optics:  We receive and may store any information you enter on our Web Site or submit to eSource Optics in any other way.  This information may include:
your name
your mailing address
your e-mailing address
your phone and/or fax number
your credit card number
Along with any other personal or preference information you provide to us.
Maintenance of Accurate Information
eSource Optics will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on this site.  We try to ensure that our product and promotional information is current and accurate in keeping with reasonable standards.  We are committed to respond to requests to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner.  All users agree that access to and use of this Site and its content is at your own risk.  eSource Optics will not be liable for any damage arising out of your access to, use of, or inability to use this Site, or any errors or omissions in the contents thereof.  The materials in this site are provided "AS IS" and without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied.
Third-Party Sites
Our site may at times contain links to other sites whose information practices and privacy policies may be different from our own.  Visitors should consult with other sites privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Notification of Changes
The eSource Optics Privacy Policy may be revised over time as new features are added to our Web Site or as Internet security and privacy standards change.  We will post these changes so you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.  We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use the Site, in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact eSource Optics at:
Sales@eSourceOptics.com
www.eSourceOptics.com
eSource Optics / PMB 126 / 1225 Providence Rd. / Whitinsville, MA 01588
VUV-UV Optical Filters & Mirrors/Windows/Lenses/Hardwood Optics Cases & Boxes