http://www.signal-bg.com/en/article/67/privacy-policy.html
bg
en
DE
HOME
Products »
Fabric Labels
Clothing Labels
Custom Fabric Labels
Variable Data Labels
Printed Ribbons
Custom Printed Ribbons
Piping Trim Ribbons
Self-adhesive Labels
Fabric Adhesive Labels
Paper Adhesive Labels
Polypropylene Labels
Hang Tags
Barcode Labels
Supplies
Product Specs »
Label Materials
Printing Methods
Cuts & Folds
Artwork Specs
Get a quote
About us »
Welcome
History
Mission
Our Team
Useful Info »
How Does It Work?
Design
Delivery
FAQ
Printables
Our Clients
Gallery
Contact Us
SUBSCRIBE
Blog »
Specifications
Signal News
Art & Design
Technology
Business
LIFESTYLE
PRIVACY POLICY
I. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The current privacy policy concerns all personal data that SIGNAL Ltd. collects whenever you visit our website www.signal-bg.com and our social media pages as well as whenever you contact us via email or phone.
The current privacy policy is posted on our website www.signal-bg.com.
The current privacy policy comes into force on 7-st December 2015.
II. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
SIGNAL Ltd. has copyright over all the contents of this website. No copying, reproduction, distribution and storing of all or parts of the contents in any form is permitted without the preliminary written agreement of SIGNAL Ltd.
III. COLLECTING AND PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
Personal data is collected only when you give it to us voluntarily, for instance, by subscribing for our email newsletter, filling in the inquiry form or sending us an email, as well as when phoning our employees.
Your personal data will not be provided by us or our employees to third parties in any form unless we have your agreement to do so or we are obliged to do so by law.
III. YOUR RIGHTS
At your request, you can receive information about your personal data we have collected.
You can update your personal data at any time and you can also refuse to have it collected and processed by sending an email to online@signal-bg.com.
If you have subscribed to our email newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button or sending us an email to online@signal-bg.com.
IV. COOKIES
When you visit our website www.signal-bg.com, cookies (an informational file that can be deleted) can be stored in the web browser of your computer. Cookies do not allow us to identify you. They take record of the way you use our website, such as how long you stay there, when you leave, the pages you view, etc. Cookies allow us to collect statistical data and analyze it in order to improve our website.
V. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites. When you click on one of these links, you should bear in mind that they have their own privacy policy and we bear no responsibility for it. Please, familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of these websites before providing them with any personal data of yours.
VI. CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY
The current Privacy policy can be amended or supplemented by SIGNAL Ltd. The respective amendments and supplements come into force on the date they are posted on our website www.signal-bg.com.