http://www.avoncourt.com/privacy-policy.php
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Avoncourt recognizes that respecting user privacy over the internet is of utmost importance and we fully comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices of Avoncourt for the site http://www.avoncourt.com
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us via our website or by post to:
Avoncourt Packaging Ltd.
Ballycurren Industrial Estate,
Airport Road,
Cork,
Ireland.
Identifying Information
In general, you can visit the site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the site we may ask you to provide information. Generally, Avoncourt requests identifying personal information when you submit an online enquiry.
In these instances, Avoncourt will ask for your name, company name, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to respond to a query or provide you with services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to unsubscribe to these mailings at any time.
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This non-personal data comprises of information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding for example, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
What Avoncourt Will Do With Your Information
If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by Avoncourt and will only be used by Avoncourt to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.
What Others May Do With Your Information
Avoncourt does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organisation for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time Avoncourt may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for Avoncourt; however, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out these services for Avoncourt In addition, Avoncourt may also share aggregate information about its customers and its website visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.
Third- Party Links
http://www.avoncourt.com does not provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave http://www.avoncourt.com, Avoncourt cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Cookies
At times, we will use a feature on your web browser to send your computer a “cookie”. We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. We only use cookies to learn ways to enhance our sites, and to give you a better, more personalised service whilst using our website.
You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent. However, some functions of the site will not function if you refuse cookies. These areas of our website will have information posted about cookies, and when a cookie will be uploaded to your computer.
Changes to this Policy
Avoncourt may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the practices of our website, you can write to:
Avoncourt Packaging Ltd.
Ballycurren Industrial Estate,
Airport Road,
Cork,
Ireland.