http://www.welligent.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Welligent, Inc.
Toggle navigation
Who We Serve
Behavioral Health Providers
California Providers
CCBHCs
Court Case Managers
Foster Care Agencies
New York HCBS Providers
School Nurses
Virginia CSBs
Solutions
Cloud EHR
Mobile EHR
Patient Portal
Trusted Partner Integrations
Welligent Telehealth
Resources
Blog
Datasheets
Events
Meaningful Use
Thought Leadership
Why Welligent
Careers
Customer Success Stories
Featured Customers
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Login
Search for:
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Welligent is committed to the highest standards of protecting the privacy of visitors to our website.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to assist you in understanding how Welligent collects and uses the personally identifiable information (PII) you provide during a visit to our public website.
Collection of Personally Identifiable Information
Welligent’s public website contains no tracking mechanism and visits are anonymous.  Confidential PII is stored when the visitor voluntarily completes a form requesting information about our products.  This data includes the following categories: 1) Name, 2) Email, 3) Telephone number, 4) Company name, 5) State, 6) Brief message.
Third Party Disclosure
Welligent does not trade, sell or transfer your personal information to third parties.  Occasionally, through the Welligent public website we may publish a third-party link as it relates to our industry. These websites have their own independent privacy policies. Therefore, we have no responsibility or liability for the content of any   linked sites.
Notice to Minors
The Welligent website is not designed for persons under the age of 18.  We do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 18.  If we become aware that a children under the age of 18 has provided us with PII we will delete such information.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy. If we do so, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the terms of this Policy to stay informed of any changes or modifications made to it. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.  We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without prior notice by publishing changes on this page.
Effective Date
The effective date of this policy is August 23, 2017.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:
Welligent, Inc., 5005 Colley Ave., Norfolk, VA 23508 or info@welligent.com.
Explore Our Resource Library
DataSheets
Learn more about Welligent, the cloud, security, interoperability, mobile apps and our numerous add on options.
See All
Customer Stories
Learn how organizations across the country are using Welligent to improve their organizational workflows.
See All
White Papers
Download white papers about trending behavioral healthcare topics and share with other industry professionals.
See All
To request a demo, click the
button on the right.
Request
a demo
×
Request a demo
Submit
1.888.317.5960
Connect with us
Home
Contact Us
Production Login
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Welligent, Inc.
All Rights Reserved. Contents are the exclusive property of Welligent, Inc. and can
not be reproduced without written permission.