http://www.hotmix.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - National Asphalt Pavement Association
Skip to content
NAPA Research & Education Foundation
Asphalt Pavement Alliance
Contact
About NAPA
About NAPA
National Officers
Our People
Governance
NAPA Antitrust Policy
Conflict of Interest Policy
Strategic Plan
NAPA Partners
NAPA's Mission
The National Asphalt Pavement Association (NAPA) works to support, advocate, and advance the asphalt pavement industry.
We support our members through education, technical advice, recognition programs, and peer engagement.
We advocate by engaging, collaborating with, and educating decisionmakers.
We advance the industry through innovation and research, thought leadership, and promoting safe, efficient, sustainable operations.
Expertise
Expertise
Advocacy
Legislative Priorities
Regulatory Priorities
Advocacy Tools
Action Center
Legislative Blog
Engineering
Resources
Training & Education
Environment, Health & Safety
Environmental
Health & Safety
Sustainability
Tools for the Industry
Sustainability Resources
Workforce Development
Expand Your Team
An extension of your team, our staff stand ready to serve on important issues ranging from advocacy, engineering, and health and safety to sustainability and workforce development. NAPA’s highly educated staff include three employees holding doctorates, 11 earning master’s degrees, and 18 boasting undergraduate degrees.
We also have applied knowledge with over two centuries of association leadership among the staff team. Learn more about how we can serve you.
Programs
Programs
NAPA Meetings and Events
NAPA Programs
Awards
Diamond Commendation Program
Emerald Eco-Label EPD Program
CrewSafety: Work Zone Training
NAPA Webinars
BECOME AN INDUSTRY LEADER
Convening the industry with virtual and in-person meetings, webinars, and programs, NAPA offers leaders an opportunity to network, learn the latest, and steer the direction of the association.
Industry leaders have earned national recognition with NAPA’s programs to boost employee morale and build trusted relationships with pavement owners.
Membership
Membership
Join Napa
Member Benefits
Member Tool Kits
Committees
JOIN NAPA
NAPA is the only national trade association that serves the asphalt pavement industry. Membership is available to any asphalt pavement mix producer, paving contractor, equipment manufacturer, material supplier, equipment distributor, engineering firm, or consultant.
For as little as one cent per ton, producer members have access to NAPA’s members-only portal, online directory, and discounts for meetings, events, and exhibit space at our World of Asphalt tradeshow.
News & Resources
News & Resources
Asphalt Pavement Magazine
NAPA News
Pave It Black PODCAST
Press
Videos
Online Store
Stay Informed
Stay on top of industry best practices and news by plugging in to our communication channels. From social to traditional media, we deliver information on a variety of platforms to keep you abreast of the latest issues and trends impacting the industry.
NAPAREF
Asphalt Pavement Alliance
Contact
Keywords
Any of these words
All of these words
This exact phrase
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Mission
NAPA works to support, advocate, and advance the asphalt pavement industry.
Contact Us
6406 Ivy Lane, Suite 350Greenbelt, MD 20770-1441
888-468-6499
© 2020 National Asphalt Pavement Association
All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy
Designed by Moire Marketing Partners