http://www.berkshirepartners.com/privacy
Skip navigation
Search
Search
Contact Us
Our FirmBackground and HistoryCulture and MissionOur TeamNewsPress ReleasesIn the NewsFor the Media In the Community Private EquityInvestment PrinciplesInvestment Parameters Industry ExpertiseTypes of Investments How We WorkInvestment ProcessPortfolio Company InteractionApproach to Realizations Our TeamManaging DirectorsPrincipalsBusiness DevelopmentCapital MarketsPortfolio SupportVice PresidentsAssociatesAdvisory DirectorsSenior AdvisorsOperating Executives Administration InvestmentsPortfolio Investors and Capital BaseNewsPress ReleasesIn the NewsFor the Media  Stockbridge InvestorsInvestment ProcessInvestment StrategyOur TeamInvestment TeamAdministration
Berkshire Partners LLCStockbridge Partners LLC
PRIVACY NOTICE
Effective January
1, 2020
This Privacy Notice is provided by Berkshire Partners
LLC and Stockbridge Partners LLC (together, the “Firm”, “we” and “us”) to inform you about how we process
the Personal Data that we collect through the Services.  This Privacy Notice does not cover or apply
to our investors and limited partners.
We maintain a separate Investor Privacy Notice that describes how we
process the Personal Data of our investors and limited partners.
Scope and Definitions
When we use the term “Services”, we mean to refer
collectively to:
The websites owned and controlled by us that
link to this Privacy Notice (“Sites”);The provision of investment and related services
in the conduct and operation of our business (“Investment Services”); andMarketing and business development activities,
including events we host, social media properties we operate, and emails that
we send (“Marketing Activities”).
When we use the term “Personal
Data”, we mean information that reasonably can be used to identify an
individual person or that reasonably relates to an identifiable person (a “Data Subject”).
The Data Subjects we receive Personal Data from in providing the
Services are:
Directors, officers, employees, representatives
and other individuals associated with the companies in which the Firm has made
an investment or is considering making an investment;Individual representatives of third party
sellers, placement agents, finders, investment bankers, consultants, lawyers,
accountants, advisers and other service providers, whether or not engaged by the
Firm;Directors, officers, employees and other
representatives of the Firm;Individuals applying for or inquiring about
employment with us; andVisitors to our Sites and users of any digital
services we provide.
The berkshirepartners.com Site
berkshirepartners.com (“the Site”) is operated from servers in the United States.
Please be aware that the Site may contain links to other
websites hosted by third parties.  The
Firm does not control and is not responsible for the content or privacy
practices and policies of such third party websites.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave
the Site and to read the privacy policies of each third-party website,
especially if such website collects Personal Data from you.
What Personal Data We Collect
In connection with the Services, we may collect:
identifiers
(including name, ID card and passport numbers, nationality, place and date of
birth, gender, picture, IP address);contact
information (including postal address and e-mail address, phone number);family
situation (including marital status, number of children);tax
status (including tax ID, tax residence);professional
and employment-related information (including resume details, work history,
personnel files, pay and benefits information);financial
data (including bank account details, credit card number, money transfers,
including communications regarding bank transfers, assets, investment profile,
credit history, debts and expenses);service
data (including information on requests you make to provide our Services);other
background data (including information
on criminal history/unlawful conduct); andhealth
information (including if you attend one of our events, information like
dietary restrictions or disabilities or if a business we are considering
investing in makes the information available to us).
How We Collect Personal Data
We may collect this Personal Data in various ways,
including:
Directly
from the Data Subject (for example, from visitors to our offices, visitors
to our Sites, when you voluntarily submit information on our Sites, when you
apply for a job, send us an email, other written correspondence or complete a
form in connection with our Services);Indirectly
from other sources  (for example,
when we are evaluating an investment opportunity and we receive diligence
information from the target that may include personal data, when service
providers provide us personal data in connection with their services, or when
we undertake certain investment activities during which we may receive personal
data from placement agents, finders, investment bankers, consultants, lawyers,
accountants, advisers and others, whether or not engaged by the Firm); andAutomatic
Collection Tools.  We may
automatically collect certain data from Data Subjects who visit the Site that
may be identifiable through the use of data collection tools (“Cookies”) on the Site that record
certain usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the
Site.  This information may include the
websites that you access immediately before and after your visit to the Site
and which Internet browser you are using.
How We Use Personal Data
We use Personal Data for a variety of business purposes.
When
processing Personal Data in connection with our Investment Services, we generally
rely on our legitimate business interests.
These include:
making, maintaining, managing and disposing of
our investments;conducting due diligence and evaluating business
opportunities; developing new investment opportunities;managing, operating and growing our business,
administering the Services and managing investor accounts, including through
the use of third party service providers;complying with legal or regulatory obligations,
such as our obligations regarding tax withholdings; processing and considering applications for
employment, including evaluating and confirming your suitability for a position
and accuracy of any information submitted;monitoring and auditing compliance with internal
policies and procedures, legal obligations and to meet requirements and orders
of regulatory authorities; andconducting risk mitigation activities to
maintain and protect the safety and security of our Services, systems, premises
and events, and to prevent and detect security threats, fraud or other criminal
or malicious activities.
When processing Personal Data through our Sites
and in connection with our Marketing Activities, we also generally rely on our
legitimate business interests.  These
include:
communicating with Data Subjects and building
relationships with Data Subjects;conducting direct marketing activities and
providing newsletters, updates, invitations and other information that we
believe may be of interest to you; andadministering, improving and customizing our
Sites and understanding how our Services are used.
We also may process Personal Data to perform a
contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a
contract, including to: (i) provide you with information regarding the Firm’s
Services, (ii) assist you and answer your requests, or (iii) evaluate whether
we can offer you the Firm’s Services and under what conditions.
We also may process Personal Data with your
consent, but only in those cases where we make it clear to you in advance that
we are relying on your consent for the processing.
How we share Personal Data for Business Purposes
We do not sell personal information obtained about you
to any third parties, as the term “sell” is defined in the California Consumer
Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and have not done so in the twelve (12) months preceding
the effective date of this policy.
We do not disclose any personal information to anyone
other than our affiliates, service providers and relevant counterparties
without your consent, or as required by applicable law or regulation.  This means that we may disclose the
categories of personal information described above for a business purpose to
other third parties, including:
Within the
Firm.  We share your Personal Data
within the Firm for the purposes set forth above.  Service
Providers.  We may disclose your
Personal Data to third-party service providers to provide us with services such
as website hosting, professional services, including information technology
services and related infrastructure, customer service, e-mail delivery,
auditing and other similar services. Affiliates.  We may disclose Personal Data to our
affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, including for
their marketing purposes, and to be consistent with our goal of providing the
superior client service and engagement experience that our clients have come to
expect from us around the world.  To
Perform Investment Services.  We will
also disclose Personal Data to the following categories of third parties: (i)
anyone involved in the matter we are working on, including lawyers, barristers,
counterparties, experts, mediators, opponents, attorneys and witnesses, (ii)
law enforcement, tax and regulatory agencies and bodies, (iii) insurers, and
(vi) service providers such as IT and telephone services, catering, document
production and postal and delivery services. Fulfill
Requests.  We may disclose Personal
Data to third parties in order to perform services you request or functions you
initiate, including when you post information and materials publicly on message
boards and forums.Corporate
Transactions or Events.  We may
disclose your information to a third party in connection with a corporate
reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other
disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or capital, including
in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings. Other
Legal Reasons.  In addition, we may
use or disclose your Personal Data as we deem necessary or appropriate: (1)
under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (2) to
respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public
and government authorities outside your country of residence; (3) to comply
with subpoenas and other legal processes; (4) to pursue available remedies or
limit damages we may sustain; (5) to protect our operations or those of any of
our affiliates; (6) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of the
Firm, our affiliates, you and others; and (7) to enforce our terms and
conditions.
How we protect Personal Data
The Firm seeks to maintain physical, electronic, and
procedural safeguards in accordance with our information security program in
order to protect your personal data from unauthorized access or use.  However, no data transmission or storage system
can be guaranteed to be secure at all times.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer
secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us”
section below.
“Do Not Track” Browser Settings
We do not currently use technology that
recognizes “do not track” signals from your web browser.
How long we retain Personal Data
The Firm retains personal data pursuant to our records
retention program for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this
Privacy Notice, unless a longer period is required or permitted under
applicable law or is needed to resolve disputes or protect our legal rights.
Keeping Personal Data current
In general, we seek to ensure that we keep your Personal
Data accurate and up to date.  However,
you are responsible for, and we kindly request that you inform us of, any
changes to your Personal Data (such as a change in your contact details).  To update or edit your Personal Data that we
have on file, including your communication preferences, please contact us using
the contact details set out under the “Contact and Complaints” heading below or
by sending an e-mail to berkshire@berkshirepartners.com.
Privacy rights
We are committed to providing
individuals with reasonable and appropriate access to their personal
information.  If you believe that we are
processing personal information about you and wish to have access to that
information, we can provide you with that data or at least an explanation of
why we cannot do so in the particular context, such as where the request is
manifestly unfounded or excessive.  We
are happy to correct inaccurate data or delete information that is not
appropriate to retain.  Please also let
us know if you have any questions, concerns, disputes, or issues.
Individuals in Andorra, Argentina,
Australia, California, Canada, Europe, Faroe Islands, Guernsey, Hong Kong,
Israel, Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, Mexico, New Zealand, Singapore, South
Korea, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, Uruguay, and certain other
jurisdictions may have certain data subject rights.  These rights vary, but they may include the
right to: (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of their personal
data; (ii) restrict or object to the processing of their personal data; and
(iii) obtain a copy of their personal data in a portable format.  Individuals may also have the right to lodge
a complaint about the processing of personal data with a data protection
authority.  We are always open to
dialogue to resolve issues short of formal disputes.  If your concerns cannot be resolved, we can
enter into appropriate third-party neutral dispute resolution.  If you need to reach us about a privacy or
data protection issue, please contact us using the details below.
If you wish to exercise any of
these rights please email compliance@berkshirepartners.com or call us at +1 (617)
227-0050.  The rights described herein
are not absolute and we reserve all of our rights available to us at law in
this regard.  Additionally, if we retain
your personal data only in de-identified form, we will not attempt to
re-identify your data in response to a Data Subject Rights request.
We do not discriminate against you,
for example, by offering a different level of service, for exercising any of
these rights.
If you make a request related to
personal data about you, we will need to verify your identity.  To do so, we will request that you match
specific pieces of information you have provided us previously, as well as, in
some instances, provide a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you
are the individual whose personal information is the subject of the request.  If it is necessary to collect additional
information from you, we will use the information only for verification
purposes and will delete it as soon as practicable after complying with the
request.  For requests related to
particularly sensitive information, we may require additional proof of
identification.  If you make a request
through an authorized agent, we will require written proof that the agent is
authorized to act on your behalf.  We
will process your request within the time provided by applicable law.
Additionally,
under California Civil law, Californians are entitled to request information
relating to whether a business has disclosed personal data to any third parties
for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  Californians who wish to request further
information about our compliance with this statute or who have questions, more
generally, about our Privacy Policy and our privacy commitments and our Sites
should contact us at compliance@berkshirepartners.com
or at Berkshire Partners LLC,
Attn: Compliance, 200 Clarendon Street, 35th Floor, Boston, MA 02116.
Children’s Privacy
The Site is not directed towards
children under the age of 18.  We do not
promote our products or services online to minors, and we do not intentionally
collect any personally identifiable information from any person under 18.  If we become aware of having collected
personal information from children under the age of 18 without valid consent
from their respective parents or guardians, we will delete it as soon as
practicable.
Automated Decision Making
We respect your legal rights not to be subject to
decisions that are based solely on automated processing of your Personal Data,
including profiling, especially where such processing has legal or other
significant effects on you.  In
establishing and carrying out a business relationship, we generally do not use
any automated decision-making pursuant to the GDPR.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Although most changes are likely to be minor, the Firm
may change this Privacy Notice from time to time, and at the Firm’s sole
discretion.  Upon any material change to
this policy, the Firm will post those changes on the Site so that you are aware
of what kinds of personal information we collect, use, share and otherwise
process.  If we make material changes to
this Privacy Notice, we will notify you on this Site, update the effective date
above, and provide you with notice as required by applicable law.
Contact and Complaints
The Firm takes very seriously any complaints we receive
about our use of your Personal Data.
Questions, comments, requests or complaints regarding the Site, this
Privacy Notice, the user agreement and/or our use of your Personal Data should
be addressed to berkshire@berkshirepartners.com.
Any Personal Data we receive from
you when making a complaint will be treated in accordance with this Privacy
Notice and only to process the complaint and check on the level of service we
provide.  Similarly, where inquiries are
submitted to us, we will only use the information supplied to us to deal with
the inquiry and any subsequent issues and to check on the level of service we
provide.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC
AREA (“EEA”)
The below information applies to any Data Subject
resident in the EEA.  For purposes of the
General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and
of the Council of 27th April 2016 (the “GDPR”),
we act as a “data controller” and our headquarters is located in the United
States at 200 Clarendon Street, 35th Floor, Boston, MA 02116.  As a data controller, we are responsible for
deciding how we hold and use Personal Data about you.
GDPR Data Protection Principles
In
respect of the collection, holding, storage, use, and processing of your
Personal Data:
We will process the data lawfully, fairly and in
a transparent way.We will obtain the data only for valid purposes
that we have clearly explained to you and not use data in any way that is
incompatible with those purposes.The data we collect will be relevant to the
purposes we have informed you about and limited only to those purposes.We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the
data is accurate and kept up to date.Subject to applicable legal or other
requirements, we will keep the data only as long as necessary.We will use appropriate technical and/or
organizational measures to ensure appropriate security of the data.
Transfer of Personal Data Outside of the EEA
The transfer of Personal Data from the UK/EEA to the Firm
and its affiliates outside the EEA is governed by data transfer agreements,
which are in the form of the standard contractual clauses approved by the
European Commission (a copy of which can be obtained from us via the contact
details below).
Where your Personal Data is processed by third parties
outside of the EEA, we will ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to
adequately protect your Personal Data, as required by applicable law, including
the execution of standard contractual clauses (referred to above) if the
recipients are not located in a country with adequate data protection laws (as
determined by the European Commission) or certified under the EU-US Privacy
Shield framework.
GDPR Data Subject Rights
Under
the GDPR, in certain circumstances, an EEA-resident Data Subject has certain
individual rights with respect to the Personal Data that we hold about
them.  In particular, you may have the
right to:
Request access to any data held about you[1]Ask to have inaccurate data amendedRequest data held about you to be deleted,
provided the data is not required by the Firm to perform a contract, defend a
legal claim or to comply with applicable laws or regulationsPrevent or restrict processing of data which is
no longer requiredRequest transfer of appropriate data to a third
party where this is technically feasible
Additionally, in the circumstances where you may have
provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your Personal
Data for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for
that specific purpose at any time.  Once
we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no
longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally
agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using
the contact details set out under the “Contact Us” heading below.  As a resident of the EEA, you are also
entitled to direct any complaints in relation to our processing of your
Personal Data to your national or local data protection supervisory
authority.
[1]
You will not have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data (or to exercise any
of the other rights).  However, we may
charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or
excessive.
©2020 Berkshire Partners LLC.  All rights reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacySite Map
Printed from http://www.berkshirepartners.com on 11-Dec-20