http://www.lotuslighthimalaya.com/pages/privacy-policy
1-855-622-7736
Cart (0)
Checkout
CAD
AUD
EUR
GBP
USD
Home
Roll-On Bracelets
Lifestyle Products
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Respecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information, Lotuslight Himalaya ("LLH") has agreed to abide by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains how LLH collects, uses and discloses of your personal information that is collected through the lotuslighthimalaya.com (“Website”). The purpose of this Policy is to make visitors to the Website aware of how LLH protect the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information and describe the circumstances under which LLH will collect and use your personal information.
JurisdictionThis terms and conditions under which you use this Website (including as it relates to this privacy policy) are governed by and interpreted solely in accordance with the laws of the Province of Quebec and the applicable federal laws of Canada. You are responsible for informing yourself of the laws of the jurisdiction and complying with those laws. Any litigation relating to the terms and conditions of use of this Website (including as it relates to this privacy policy) shall be brought solely within the Province of Quebec and shall be within the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Quebec.
What is personal information?Personal information is information about an identifiable individual. Personal information includes such details as your name, address, telephone number, purchase information or e-mail address. As a customer, you provide LLH with this information when you shop at lotuslighthimalaya.com. In every case, LLH adheres to strict guidelines when dealing with your personal information.
What are the purposes for collection, use, and disclosure of personal information? LLH will collect, use and disclose of your personal information with your knowledge and consent and only for purposes that we have identified prior to or at the time we collect the information. Some of the purposes for LLH may collect, use and disclose of your personal information on this Website are:
To facilitate communication with youTo process your order of our merchandiseTo process any of your requests for informationTo grant/enable you to access certain special features or areas of the WebsiteTo make certain services available to you through the WebsiteTo announce special eventsTo advise you of changes to this WebsiteLLH will not sell, trade, lend or otherwise voluntarily disclose to any third parties any personal information you have provided to us for any purpose not identified under this Privacy Policy. LLH may share your personal information with third parties to assist us in administering activities on this website, such as: for website administration and maintenance purposes; the administration of contests and data processing; to professional advisors; or otherwise for legitimate and reasonable purposes for which LLH have obtained your prior consent.
In certain circumstances, LLH may disclose your personal information to a government institution that has asserted its lawful authority to obtain the information, or where LLH has reasonable grounds to believe the information could be used in the investigation of an unlawful activity, or to comply with a subpoena or warrant or an order made by a court, person or body with jurisdiction to compel production of information or to comply with court rules regarding a production of records and information, or to our own legal counsel.
When you provide LLH with your personal information, such as to facilitate the purchase of our merchandise, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information for these purposes in accordance with the principles that are outlined in the Privacy Policy.
If you have given us your consent, you may, at any time, withdraw your consent upon giving us reasonable notice.
Use of technology on the website
The website uses cookie technology to make your use of the website more convenient. A cookie is a text file which enables the website to store any information about your activities on the website or the length of your stay. Personal information about your visits to the website is used on an aggregate basis, which means it is used for statistical purposes to assist us in enhancing your online experience or to evaluate the materials that we may carry on the website.
If you choose to disable cookies associated with the Website, this may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website.
Unlawful Activities
This website reserves the right to co-operate with local, provincial, national and international authorities in investigations of improper or unlawful activities and this may require the disclosure of personal information. We may also report to other organizations about improper or unlawful user activities on this website and this reporting may include disclosure of personal information relating to those individuals conducting such improper or unlawful activities.
E-mail list
The Website may allow you to provide your e-mail address in order for LLH to send information, updates or promotions regarding lotuslighthimalaya.com. To administer the E-mail List, we will collect your name, e-mail address, and geographic location.
Links to other sites
This website may contain links to other websites. When you click on of those links, you are contacting another internet resource. LLH has no responsibility or liability for, or control over those websites, or internet resources or their collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. Please refer to the privacy policy and terms of use contained in any linked site you choose to go to and familiarize yourself with that website's terms and conditions of use.
How do we protect your personal information?
The Website endeavors to maintain appropriate procedural and technological measures and storage facilities to prevent any unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information. LLH exercises care in the secure transmission of your information, however, no transmission of information over the internet is ever one hundred percent secure. We cannot guarantee that information disclosed through the internet cannot be intercepted by third parties. However, LLH has taken steps that are reasonably available to them to protect any personal information that is provided through this website.
Contacting us about your privacy
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about privacy at lotuslighthimalaya.com, or if you would like to withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information, contact Lotus Light Himalaya at:
5890 Monkland Ave., #16 Montreal, QC. H4A 1G2CanadaPhone: 1-514-487-7000Toll-Free: 1-855-622-7736Email: privacy@lotuslighthimalaya.com
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time at our sole discretion and without any prior notice. New versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on this website. Your continued use of this website, subsequent to any changes to the Privacy Policy, will signify that you consent to LLH's collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the revised Privacy Policy.