http://www.triple-x.com.au/privacy-policy/
Triple-X Aquatic Clothing (ABN 34377512202) is committed to respecting the privacy of any personal information it obtains. Triple-X Aquatic Clothing is subject to the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Information We Collect About You
You can visit the Website (“the Website”), read articles and other materials, browse merchandise and check on offerings without giving us any personally identifiable information. However, in order to provide users and subscribers with the most efficient and enhanced personalized service and attention, we may request information about you in certain circumstances and collect certain information automatically. We also use contact lists and other information which are obtained from third parties. For the convenience of all of our customers and to better serve you, we create and maintain a customer account that includes all the collected personal information we may have with respect to an individual. Nevertheless, you can update or correct your contact information or change your preferences about receiving offers and information from us at any time, including changing your preferences about sharing information with third parties.
Information You Volunteer
We collect personally identifiable information that you volunteer to us (such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, age, gender, hobbies, family information and/or similar demographic information), when you subscribe to, or create an account with, the Website, our loyalty program, enter a competition through the Website, request a catalogue, place an order (if applicable) or voluntarily register on the Website. Often this additional information is optional or requested anonymously in connection with a survey. Website visitors may register to receive our e-mail updates, or enter online competitions. Registration may also be required to participate in certain message boards, bulletin boards, chat rooms or surveys available on the Website. Sometimes registration can be accomplished by submitting only a user name and password. Other offerings may require the submission of additional information. For example, the Website may ask which disciplines you enjoy most, surfing, skating or snowboarding. Registration forms will indicate what information is required and what information (if any) is optional.
We sometimes collect information to evaluate and administer our products and services, fulfill customer requests, announce competition winners, respond to any future problems, such as difficulties in navigating the Website or accessing certain features, and to gauge user trends to determine what products and services are most popular with users.
We allow users of the Website to send articles or links by e-mail to other parties who may be interested in them. We do not retain any e-mail addresses (unless you are a member who has already voluntarily provided your e-mail address) of either the sender or recipient of such articles or links after they are sent, and we do not share “send a friend” e-mail addresses with third parties.
We use personal information to allow you to subscribe online or elsewhere, and, if product orders are available on the Website, to make such orders. We and our technical and fulfillment agents, partners and consultants follow carefully proscribed procedures to safeguard credit card data in connection with your transactions and adhere to the applicable legal requirements. We Triple-X Aquatic Clothing will adhere to the National Privacy Principles set out in Schedule 3 of the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to the transfer of personal information to non-Australian entities to all personal information
Information Collected Automatically
We may also automatically collect your IP and referring Website addresses, browser type, domain name and Website access times. This information helps facilitate your online experience on the Website. In addition, we use cookies to track usage patterns on the Website and to control the display of ads, as well as to offer other functionalities (such as screening for age, helping to track items in your shopping basket if the Website offers online shopping opportunities, and “recognizing” you to speed up your log-in when you visit the Website). You can turn off cookies, but that will affect your online experience and you may not be able to complete an order or transaction.
Access to your personal information
If you request, we will provide you with access to the personal information we hold about you (unless there is an exception which applies under the Privacy Act such as employee records). We will deal with your request in a reasonable time. Note that we may recover from you any reasonable cost of providing you with access.
If we refuse to provide you with access to the information, we will provide you with reasons for the refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon under the Privacy Act.
Accuracy of your personal information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date. If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will take reasonable steps to correct this information.
We, Triple-X Aquatic Clothing (ABN 34377512202) are strongly committed to protecting your privacy and providing a safe online experience for all of our users and subscribers while offering the highest quality user experience to them. Because we gather certain types of information about and from you, our users and subscribers, in order to fulfill your requests and better serve your needs, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of this information. This Privacy Policy discloses what information we gather, how we use it, how to correct or change it, and what steps we take to safeguard personal information provided to us both online and offline.
Cookies
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we use “cookies” to track your visit. A cookie is a small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a Web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Credit Card Companies
As in any transaction, your credit card company will have all relevant information about the name of the vendor, item(s) purchased, date, total cost and other information necessary to process the transaction. Triple-X Aquatic Clothing will not otherwise provide any personal data to your credit card company without your permission. Your e-mail address is not shared with third parties unless you agree to receive information, by opting-in, from third parties. In other words, we may extend e-mail offers to users or subscribers on behalf of our business partners about a particular product or service that may be of interest to you, but only if you have indicated that you would like to receive these offers. If you wish to receive such offers, we will not share or disclose your name or e-mail address to those business partners, but will send you the information or offers on their behalf.
Important Note
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information without notice or consent for the following purposes: as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request; to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law; to protect the integrity of the Website and our property; to protect the safety of our visitors or others; to fulfill your requests; or to cooperate in any legal investigation.
WE SUPPORT
“A JOURNEY FROM WASTE TO WEAR”
THE AIM BEING TO RE-PURPOSE DISCARDED FISHNETS
INTO RASHIES FOR HEALTHIER OCEANSSUPPORT AUSTRALIAN MADE PRODUCTSWORLDS 1ST ECO-FRIENDLY RASHIES
AUSTRALIAN MADE
MADE FROM THE BEST ITALIAN LYCRA CONSTRUCTED FROM RECYCLED FISHNETS
WE ARE AN ENVIRONMENTALLY AWARE FAMILY BUSINESSContact Triple-X Aquatic Clothing
1/7 Dress Circle Drive,
Lennox Head NSW 2478 Australia
Freecall 1300 483 634
Scroll to top