http://www.precisiondrilling.co.uk/cookie-policy
menu
HomeAbout UsOur ServicesConcrete Saw CuttingConcrete Diamond DrillingChasingControlled DemolitionTest Core SamplingSpecialist Anchor Bolt FixingJoint SealingNewsProject PortfolioPrecision Drilling stand out in retail contractContact Us
Home > Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to store information on your computer.
What is a cookie?
Wikipedia's explanation:
A cookie, also known as an HTTP cookie, web cookie, or browser cookie, is usually a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web browser while a user is browsing a website. When the user browses the same website in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of the user's previous activity. Cookies were designed to be a reliable mechanism for websites to remember the state of the website or activity the user had taken in the past. This can include clicking particular buttons, logging in, or a record of which pages were visited by the user even months or years ago.
Why do we use cookie's on this website?
Cookies help us to provide you with the best experience from our website.
Managing cookies
Most web browsers allow you to control the cookies stored on your computer through your browser's settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been stored and how to manage and delete them, visit All About Cookies.
Removing or disabling cookies
You may choose to remove or block cookies at any time by adjusting your browser settings, please note, this may impact your experience of our website.
Cookies that are used by us
session
If the website requires a login then this cookie will be stored, temporarily.
token
This cookie allows you to return to the site and shop without logging in, the secure checkout will still require a login.
It is kept for 120 days. But is refreshed when you return to the site and the normal session has expired.
Third Party Cookies
Typekit
On most occasions we use Typekit (from Adobe) to enhance website typography. Adobe use cookies within Typekit to track usage statistics.
For more information, visit Adobe's Cookie Policy.
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site:
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz
We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site.
The information collected is anonymous and does not identify a visitor. The data includes the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come from and the pages they visited.
Select this link for an overview of privacy at Google.
Facebook Cookies
On most occasions, we embed feeds from Facebook on this site. Facebook does not use cookies to create a profile of your browsing behavior on third-party sites or to show you ads, although it may use anonymous or aggregate data to improve ads generally. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases, this may impact your ability to use Facebook.
For more information, visit Facebook's Cookie Policy.
Twitter Cookies
On most occasions, we embed feeds from Twitter on this site. Twitter may cookies to better understand how you interact with their services, to monitor aggregate usage by Twitter users and web traffic routing to their services. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases, this may impact your ability to use Twitter.
For more information, visit Twitter's Privacy Policy.