http://www.shopforexhibits.com/content/order-shipping-security-policies
Skip to main content
Call us! 800 342 9579
8am-5pm Mon-Fri
24 hour shipping available Last Minute Order?
Login
Create Account
Forgot Password?
Contact UsAbout UsCompany InfoMeet the TeamTestimonialsResourcesResourcesGetting StartedDisplay Order HelpDisplay Design ServicesInspiring Trade Show Display PhotosDisplay Project PhotosTrade Show Material Handling CalculatorTrade Show Events CalendarTrade Show & Events Calendar DemoNowHire.com Calendar DemoF A QUpload ArtBlog
You are here:
Home
Order, Shipping & Security Policies
Order Return & Cancellation Policy
SFE will allow the customer to return their purchase within 3 days of the date of purchase for a full refund minus any damages and freight charges. This excludes custom made or color specific items that can’t go back into general inventory. Each item that is being returned must arrive in its original packaging and receive an R.A. number in writing prior to shipping and must be plainly visible on the “ship to” label.
Shipping Policy
Due to the wide variety of products that we carry and the multitude of ways they can be packaged, SFE reserves the right to make necessary shipping cost adjustments that reflect actual costs verses estimates. Shipping costs listed on each product page are estimates and in some cases the shipping cost may not be calculated without additional information. International shipments may incur additional duties and taxes that we are not able to calculate onthe website and will be billed after the order is complete. Please call 800-342-9579 or email us and we'll provide a shipping cost immediately. email to: info@shopforexhibits.com
SFE will ship all merchandise within the stated turn around times posted on our web site. If shipping dates change for any reason, customer has the option to cancel or upgrade the shipping in order to receive the product sooner. Because we’re responsible to deliver the product in the stated time frames, we must use our own carrier account numbers to be able to identify when something might be amiss and needs our further involvement.
SFE will exercise its’ best judgment to safely arrange to have your order delivered to you in a safe and timely manner. After it leaves our premises and is no longer in our care custody and control, it becomes the carrier’s responsibility to deliver your property to you in timely manner. Should you have a claim, SFE is self insured so that all claims will be paid full retail value in a timely manner with proof of loss is presented.
Security & Privacy Policy
What is ShopForExhibits.com's Privacy & Security Policy?
ShopForExhibits.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. As this policy may change from time to time, please check back periodically.
ShopForExhibits.com uses the information we collect about you to, among other things, process orders. When you register at ShopForExhibits.com we collect your name, email addresses, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date in order to process and fulfill your order. In most instances, products ordered at ShopForExhibits.com are shipped directly from our vendors, and some of your information is shared with these vendors to enable them to fulfill and ship your order. Under no circumstances
We occasionally will ask for additional information from you. For instance, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address in connection with a contest or other promotional feature in which you participate, so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all applicable local laws and rules regarding online conduct and privacy, as well as content. Specifically, but not as a limitation, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding transmission of technical and personal data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside.
Cookies
"Cookies" are pieces of information that are passed to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. ShopForExhibits.com only uses per-session cookies that allow us to keep track of your information during the time you are connected to our site. None of your sensitive information such as credit card numbers, or password is stored in these cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will not be able to shop at the ShopForExhibits.com since your order number is stored in the per-session cookie. You may set your browser to accept only per-session cookies, and in this way you will be assured that none of your data exists in cookies after you have completed a transaction.
Sharing data with third parties
In order to place an order online, you must register with ShopForExhibits.com creating an account. If you do register, you may retrieve your address, and phone number from our database. Your credit card information must be entered each time you complete an order. We do not store credit card information.
Upon registration with ShopForExhibits.com, our customer's e-mail address is used as a customer number, which we use to track customer orders. While your e-mail address is shared with our third party vendors with whom we work, your password is not passed to these vendors. These third parties are unable to connect to your account. However, our customer numbers may be used to measure traffic and visiting patterns on ShopForExhibits.com and on other websites on the Internet. We may also compile statistics and other data about our customers on an aggregated basis, and may share such aggregated data with selected third parties. This aggregated data will not specifically identify you. ShopForExhibits.com can (and you authorize us to) release any information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to comply with law, enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or protect the rights, property or safety of ShopForExhibits.com, our users, or others. Further, as permitted by applicable law, ShopForExhibits.com can (and you authorize us to) disclose your login ID, name, street, address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email and/or company to other ShopForExhibits.com users in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity whenever ShopForExhibits.com in its sole discretion believes necessary or appropriate. ShopForExhibits.com does not presently sell, trade or rent personal information to other parties. We reserve the right to do so in the future, but will allow individuals to opt out of this process. Nothing in this privacy policy shall affect or restrict ShopForExhibits.com's ability to sell or transfer such data as part of a sale or transfer of all or substantially all of its assets and you consent to our doing so. You may change your personal information at any time, including email address, phone number, mailing address, and password information in your account, located on login page. By registering at ShopForExhibits.com you consent to the collection and use of this information by ShopForExhibits.com. In the event of changes in our privacy policy, this page will be updated with the current information.
Security
How your information is encrypted
There are certain areas on the site where you may enter and submit private information. These areas are protected using SSL encrypted transmissions between your Web browser and our Web server. This protects against the remote chance that someone (e.g. on your network at work or at your Internet service provider) may try to compromise your private information as it travels from your Web browser to our secure server. You'll know when transmitted data is safe by a security notice when you enter a secure page, and by the presence of an icon on your browser, either a key for Netscape or a lock for Microsoft Internet Explorer. The pages where you submit your account information, place a bid, and receive confirmation of a successful bid are all secure. We would never intentionally take chances with your private information, and we have taken every precaution to ensure your personal security.
Protecting your login ID and password
Always keep your ShopForExhibits.com account number and password secret. They are your only identification for purchasing purposes. If you receive information about a purchase you did not make, or questionable communications regarding your account, please contact ShopForExhibits.com Customer Support immediately. One potential way for someone to steal your login ID and password is if you bookmark an order summary page. This is a concern if your browser is available to other people at work, home, or especially if you use a browser at a public internet cafe. You should not bookmark such pages and you should clear the browser cache and quit the browser completely when you are done surfing ShopForExhibits.com We have also worked to protect you against such a mistake. Even if someone obtains both your login ID and password, they cannot get your credit card information because that field is cleared when they log in. Information cannot be changed without submitting a new credit card.
About SSL, security, and firewall problems
Some older browsers (such as IE 3.0.2) have known SSL bugs. These can result in the browser crashing on SSL pages or giving error messages. We recommend that you upgrade to the latest version of whatever browser you prefer. For AOL users, you may be able to upgrade your security by downloading and replacing the schannel.dll from Microsoft. For users behind corporate firewalls, you need to configure your web browser security settings. This includes setting https or secure proxy settings. To determine if you have such a security problem, you can edit a secure URL, replacing 'https' (secure) with 'http' (insecure). If the page works with http:// but not https://, then you have a problem with your security settings. You should contact your system administrator for assistance.
Technical Details About Encryption
ShopForExhibits.com operates with a VeriSign Digital Server Certificate, featuring today's strongest cryptographic techniques to ensure that Digital IDs are not forged or tampered with. These techniques, developed by RSA Data Security, use a matched pair of encryption and decryption keys. This use of matched-key cryptography with a 1024-bit key length provides a level of security unavailable with conventional secret key cryptography.
If you have any questions or require further clarification, please call 800-342-9579 or email us: info@shopforexhibits.com
Trade Show Displays
1
Display Rentals
2
Custom Modular Hybrid Displays
3
Pop Up Displays
4
Light Boxes & Backlit Displays
5
Fabric Backdrops
6
Table Top Displays
7
Banner Stands
8
Branded Giveaways
9
Counters, Kiosks, Workstations & Everything iPad
10
Overhead Hanging Signs
11
Display & Exhibit Accessories
12
Replacement Graphics & Design
Exhibit Design Search
Exhibit Systems by Brand
Promotional Search
Display Definitions
Getting Started
Why Astor Group | ShopForExhibits.com?
Astor Group's ShopForExhibits.com grew out of Classic Exhibits; an original trade show displays equipment manufacturer for over 25 years. Astor Group's knowledge and experience in the exhibit and trade show services business is unmatched in the online industry. We offer our clients a unique combination of small business care with online retail ease. We love to share our knowledge on how to create a truly memorable trade show experience for our clients. Our customer service and dedication to details will bring you back again and again.
Last Minute Orders
Life isn't perfect. Let us show you what we can do with very little time left on the clock!  More...
Our Scope
Astor Group is a full-service company specializing in exhibitor services, logistics, high-quality exhibits & technology engagement solutions. We ship displays all over the world. Let us handle the paperwork so that you can concentrate on marketing your business. We will even store your exhibits for you!
Let Us Know!
Please call 800 342 9579 & let us know what we can do for you, or send us an email from our contact page. We will be happy to meet with you to help begin the conversation to create a display that is both memorable and meets your company's needs.
Home
Company Info
Contact Us
Portable Displays
Order, Shipping & Security Policies
Site Map
Banner Stand Displays
Display Graphics Store
Modular Hybrid Displays
Trade Show Booths
Trade Show Displays
Trade Show Exhibits
ShopForExhibits specializes in custom made trade show exhibits as well as offer a full line of trade show displays, banner stands, table top displays, display rentals, trade show logistics, and exhibitor services.
Copyright © 2019 ShopForExhibits.com Inc.