https://www.haggar.com/ccpa-privacy-notice.html?lang=default
California Privacy Notice
Haggar Clothing Co. Privacy Notice for California Residents
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Reviewed on: October 20, 2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents (“CCPA Privacy Notice”) supplements the information contained in Haggar Clothing Co.'s Privacy Policy and applies solely to those visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California ("consumers" or "you").
Haggar Clothing Co. (“Haggar”) adopts this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
Haggar collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device ("personal information"). Below are the categories of personal information covered by CCPA, examples of information within those categories, and a description of personal information Haggar collected from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
What We Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Real name, alias, postal address unique personal identifier online identifier internet protocol address Email address
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Name, signature, address, telephone number *Financial information (bank account number, credit card number, debit card number), physical characteristics; specifically, clothing size is collected at point of sale transaction for transaction processing but is not otherwise used, kept or stored. **Certain other personal information as permitted by law and relevant to employment may be collected from applicants or employees in connection with potential or actual employment.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Not collected from consumers. **Certain classification characteristics as permitted by law and relevant to employment may be collected from applicants or employees in connection with potential or actual employment.
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Records of products purchased, obtained, or considered and purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies exhibited by interaction with our website.
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
Not collected.
F. Internet or other similar network activity.;
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Information on consumer’s interaction with website, application, or advertisement.
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Not collected.
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Not collected.
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
Not collected from consumers. **Current or past job history or performance evaluations as permitted by law and relevant to employment may be collected from applicants or employees in connection with potential or actual employment.
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
Not collected from consumers. **Certain non-public education information as permitted by law and relevant to employment may be collected from applicants or employees in connection with potential or actual employment.
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Information regarding apparel preferences based on prior purchase history.
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Haggar obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, from your participation in surveys, forms you complete, or products and services you purchase.
Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your interactions on our Website.
From third-party analytics and business intelligence tools. For example, from cookies, web beacons, and web analytics vendors.
From third-party consumer platforms, such as Amazon or eBay.
From social media services, such as Instagram, Facebook, or Twitter.
Use of Personal Information
As of the Effective Date of this Notice, we do not currently “sell” your personal information. However, we may use or disclose the personal information we collect from or about you, including disclosing it to or sharing it with our parent or subsidiary or affiliated companies or with third parties, for one or more of the following business or commercial purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our products or services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. If you provide your personal information to purchase a product or service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To inform a service provider, business partner, parent or subsidiary company, or affiliate about your request to opt-out of personal information sales or to have personal information deleted under CCPA.
To distribute marketing, advertising, and promotional materials and offers to you.
To provide, support, personalize, and develop our Website, products, and services.
To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and to prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, when required by law).
To audit current interactions with consumers and concurrent transactions, including but not limited to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with specifications and standards.
To customize ads shown as part of your interaction with our Website.
To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
To detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and to prosecute those responsible for such activity.
For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
To debug and identify repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA or in our Privacy Policy.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Haggar's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Haggar about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
Haggar will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
Haggar may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. We do not currently sell your personal information. We may, however, in the future, consider whether to sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights)].
When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties: · Service providers. · Advertisers.
Data aggregators.
Logistics providers (e.g., FedEx or UPS).
Affiliates.
Partners.
Parent or subsidiary organizations.
Social media companies.
Internet cookie information recipients, such as Google.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Haggar has disclosed the following categories of personal information that Haggar collected, as identified above in this CCPA Notice, for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Commercial information.
Category D: Internet or other similar network activity.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers, including but not limited to marketing and advertising agencies.
Logistics providers.
Data aggregators.
Data analysts.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Haggar has not sold any of the following categories of personal information:
A. Identifiers.
B. California Customer Records personal information categories.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
D. Commercial information.
E. Biometric information.
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
G. Geolocation data.
H. Sensory data.
I. Professional or employment-related information.
J. Non-public education information.
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights, as a California resident, and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that Haggar disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that Haggar delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at: 1 (800) 385-7939 or
Visiting us at:
- To Delete:  https://www.haggar.com/california-opt-out-delete/ccpa-delete.html
- To Access: https://www.haggar.com/ccpa-request.html
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.
Response Timing and Format
We will confirm our receipt of your request, and we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt.
If we require more time (up to an additional forty-five (45) days), then we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, at your option, we will deliver our written response to you through that account or by mail. If you do not have an account with us, then we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding a verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance, via mail.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, then you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:
California Privacy Act
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. However, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by calling us at 1 (800) 385-7939.
You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
Haggar reserves the right to amend this CCPA Privacy Notice and our Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this CCPA Privacy Notice or our Privacy Policy, we will post the updated notice or policy on the Website and update the effective date of the notice or policy. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes to our CCPA Privacy Notice or our Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this CCPA Privacy Notice, the ways in which Haggar collects and uses your information described in this notice or in the Privacy Policy, or your choices and rights regarding such use, or if you wish to exercise your rights under California law, then please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone: 1 (800) 385-7939
Website: https://www.haggar.com/california
Postal Address:
Haggar Clothing Co.
Attn: Customer Service
1507 LBJ Freeway, Suite 100
Farmers Branch, TX 75234