http://www.hbcs.org/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update: March 31, 2020
Hospital Billing & Collection Service, Ltd. (“HBCS” “we” or “us” ) provides billing and follow-through services to healthcare organizations exclusively. HBCS provides this privacy policy to outline our privacy practices with respect to our corporate website, located at https://HBCSrevcycle.com. / (the “Website”). This privacy policy applies only to information collected through our Website and not to information collected offline. By continues to use this Website, you consent to our privacy policy.
Our Website is directed to current and prospective business customers and job applicants who want to understand what HBCS does. The Website collects information only under limited circumstances.
What information do we collect via the Website?
We collect personal information from visitors of the Website only when it is provided to us. For example, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number so that we may send you more information about HBCS. We don’t generally collect health related information or consumer information.
We automatically collect pseudonymous information from visitors to this website. This pseudonymous information is not used, or intended to be used by us to identify a particular person or entity, and may include your IP address, pages viewed on the Website, browser type, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to this website, the referring URL and your computer’s operating system.
CookiesOur technology vendors may use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, and track users’ movements around the Website. Visitors to the Website can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. For more information about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/.
How does the information collected via the Website get used by HBCS?
We generally use the personal information provided for the reason provided. If have a question and provide your name and address, we will use that information to answer your question. If you are a job applicant and provide your resume, we will use that information to process your job inquiry. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personal information other than trusted third party vendors who are contractually obligated to use information as directed by us.
The pseudonymous information collected automatically when you visit this Website is used to administer the Website. We also may use this information to better understand how visitors are using the Website, and to analyze the traffic patterns for the Website.
Under what circumstances does information collected get shared?
We share information with third-parties under limited circumstances. Like most companies, we have trusted third party vendors who are contractually required to use information only as directed by HBCS. For example, we have partners to help us manage the Website.
HBCS may be required to disclose your information to third parties when obligated to do so by law and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual prohibited activities, including transfer reasonably intended to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
Finally, HBCS may transfer information to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If HBCS is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via our Website of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
How do visitors access, update or delete their personal information?
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you’d like to update, correct, delete, port or deactivate any personal information you have provided to us on this Website, please send your request to privacy@HBCSrevcycle.com and we will process your request.
What privacy choices does HBCS make available?
If we send marketing and promotional messages, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions in those messages. If you decide to opt-out, you may still receive non-promotional communications. We take no action in response to browser based do not track signals.
What are your information security practices?
The security of your information is important to us. HBCS has implemented reasonable security measures to protect the information, both during transmission and once it is received. This includes but is not limited to the use of firewalls and encryption. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure; therefore, while the company strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, it cannot guarantee absolute security.
Children
The Website is directed to adults. HBCS does not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If the company is made aware that it has received personal information from someone under 13, we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records.
Third Party Sites
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may offer links to Websites owned and/or operated by third party companies. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Changes to the Privacy Policy Party
This privacy policy is subject to change. If the company plans to make any substantive changes to its practices or this privacy policy, it will post a clear and conspicuous notice on the website and in this privacy policy prior to the changes being made.
Contact us
For questions, concerns or complaints relating to privacy, please email privacy@HBCSrevcycle.com. Alternatively, you may contact us at the address below:
HBCSAttn: Privacy Officer118 Lukens DriveNew Castle, DE 19720
FollowFollow
CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
118 Lukens Drive
New Castle, DE 19720
HBCSrevcycle.com
info@HBCSrevcycle.com
(877) 254-9580
REGIONAL OFFICES
551 Mews Drive, Suite D
New Castle, DE 19720
701 Edgewater Drive
Wakefield, MA 01880
Solutions
Insights
About Us
Let’s Talk
Careers
Privacy
Terms of Use
©2020 HBCS  |  All Rights Reserved
×
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. ACCEPTREJECTRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.