http://www.blueirisgraphics.com/privacy-policy
About
What We Do
Identity & Branding
Responsive Websites
Affordable Websites
Affordable Website Pricing
Website Maintenance
Service Blocks
Service Block Pricing
Inbound Marketing
SEO & Paid Search
Graphic & Print Design
Email Marketing
Landing Page Design
Our Work
Contact
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS
PRIVACY POLICY Should any user of Information on this server provide Blue Iris Graphics with information, including but not limited to, feedback data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, plans, ideas or the like, such information shall be deemed to be non-confidential, and Blue Iris Graphics assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure. The submission of such information to Blue Iris Graphics shall in no way prevent the purchase, manufacture or use of similar products, services, plans and ideas by Blue Iris Graphics for any purpose whatever and Blue Iris Graphics  shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose or distribute the information to others without restriction. Any personal data that you provide will be treated as set forth below. This privacy policy applies to the collection and use of information by our company on this Web site, but does not apply to information which you may send to us by other means.At Blue Iris Graphics, we are committed to protecting the privacy of the users of our site. All data collected is protected against unauthorized access. Blue Iris Graphics shall have the right to use all data generated in connection with the site in any manner and to publish such data. By using the site and providing the data, the user consents to the collection and use of the data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In the event that Blue Iris Graphics changes its privacy policy, the changes will be posted on this page.Blue Iris Graphics does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this Web site. Please note that any information or material sent to Blue Iris Graphics through any link provided on this Web site will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending Blue Iris Graphics any such information or material, you irrevocably grant Blue Iris Graphics an unrestricted, worldwide license to use, distribute, display, reproduce, perform, modify, and transmit those materials or information, and you also agree that Blue Iris Graphics organization are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any legal purpose.This site may use "cookies," which are small pieces of information that a Web site stores on a visitor's web browser to remind the site about the visitor the next time they visit the site. Blue Iris Graphics does not store confidential or sensitive information in cookies.Blue Iris Graphics expressly disclaim responsibility for the privacy policies and customer information practices of third-party internet sites linked to our Web site.
INFORMATION We cannot and do not warrant that the information on this server is absolutely current, although every effort is made to ensure that it is kept as current as possible. The individual Web pages have modification dates that can be used as guides to the timeliness of the data; however, we cannot warrant that no changes have been made to the source information since that date. We cannot and do not warrant the accuracy of these documents beyond the source documents, although we do make every attempt to work from authoritative sources.
COPYRIGHT Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved by Blue Iris Graphics site is an official publication of the company. Unless otherwise indicated, all text and photographs appearing on the homepage or subsequent official pages linked to it are copyrighted and should not be reproduced without written permission from Blue Iris Graphics. Blue Iris Graphics signatures with marketing slogans for company and client sites are constructed with several graphical elements. To protect and strengthen its legal and commercial value, the Blue Iris Graphics identity must be used consistently and properly.
TRADEMARKS / BRANDING Blue Iris Graphics has an established independent licensing program to control the use of the name, abbreviations, symbols, emblems, logos, mascots, slogans, and other terminology associated with the company. Unauthorized use of any of the above stated representations may be trademark infringement. Any unauthorized productions or sale of registered marks or names is a violation of the federal Lanham Trademark Act of 1946 and the federal Trademark Act of 1984. Such violations subject one to liability for damages, injunctive relief, attorney fees and other penalties. Infringing merchandise is subject to seizure.
DISCLAIMER Only information that has been reviewed and cleared for dissemination will be published on Blue Iris Graphics - Web official pages. Blue Iris Graphics makes no representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to the document, or any part thereof, including any warranties of title, non-infringement of copyright or patent rights of others, merchantability, or fitness or suitability for any purpose.
Let's Do This!
Name:
Organization:
Email:
Phone:
Message:
Thank you for contacting Blue Iris Graphics.We try and respond to all inquiries within 1-2 working days. Oops, there was an error sending your message.Could you please try again?
CONTACT US Serving you locally or remotelyfrom West Bend, WisconsinTel (262) 338-9175inquire@blueirisgraphics.com
CONNECT
JOIN OUR LIST
Thanks for signing up! Watch your mailbox for our newsletter, promotions, what-have-you. Oops, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later
Copyright ©
2018
Blue Iris Graphics : Proudly Made in Wisconsin, USA since 2002For any questions, please
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy, Terms & Conditions
Share by: