https://www.stocktongraham.com/privacypolicy
Stockton Graham & Co. – Privacy Policy | Stockton Graham & Co
Stockton Graham & Co                                   Contact UsMain menuSkip to primary contentSkip to secondary content
Stockton Graham & Co > Stockton Graham & Co. – Privacy PolicyStockton Graham & Co. – Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy was last modified on November 6, 2014.Stockton Graham & Company (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates www.stocktongraham.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, also accessible at www.stocktongraham.com.Information Collection And UseWhile using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number (“Personal Information”).Log DataLike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.DoubleClick CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Site. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Site or other sites on the Internet.You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings page.Stockton Graham & Company uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise on third party sites to you after you visited our Sites. We and our third party vendors, like Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Site.You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page. Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.Do Not Track DisclosureStockton Graham & Company does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.Do Not Track (DNT) is a preference you can set in your web browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want to be tracked. You can disable or enable this setting by visiting the Preferences or Settings menu of your web browser.CommunicationsWe may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in any email we send.Compliance With LawsStockton Graham & Company will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Sites.Business TransactionIf Stockton Graham & Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Information may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links To Other SitesOur Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.Stockton Graham & Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Site does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children/Child”). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.Changes To This Privacy PolicyStockton Graham & Company may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at (800) 835-5943 or at info@stocktongraham.com. Stockton Graham & Co., 4320 Delta Lake Drive, Raleigh NC 27612 [map]   ph. 800 835 5943     info@stocktongraham.com    Privacy Policy    Terms & Conditions
Copyright 2020 Stockton Graham & Co.® All Rights Reserved OUR FAMILY :  Stockton Graham & Co.
Dilworth Coffee
Information for California Residents