http://www.pmbl.co.uk/website/privacy
Privacy Policy
Cookies statement read this. ×
For all your Commercial Battery needs...
Partners with...
solutions@pmbl.co.uk
+44 (0)1460 66366
Request A Quote
COVID-19 Update
MENU
Home
Battery Design Solutions
Why PMBL
Battery Design Service
Battery Assembly
Custom Battery Packs
Custom Battery Pack Design
Industrial Battery Packs
Lithium Battery Suppliers
Batteries
All Battery Types
Alkaline Batteries
ATEX Batteries
NiMH Batteries
Lead Acid Batteries
Lithium Ion Batteries
Lithium Polymer Batteries
Nickel Cadmium Batteries
Sealed Lead Acid Batteries
Silver Oxide Batteries
Manufacturers
All Battery Manufacturers
Varta Batteries
GP Batteries
Panasonic Batteries
SAFT Batteries
Sanyo Batteries
Tadiran Batteries
Varta
Download Centre
Data Sheets
Quality Assurance
Terms & Conditions
News
Contact
Contact PMBL
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PMBL takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our web site. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect
and how that information is used and safeguarded.
By accessing this website (www.pmbl.co.uk), you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy
at our sole discretion and without notice.
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as
the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user's session on
our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited
to,
name,
e-mail address
postal address and
telephone number.
We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
To make an online enquiry
To register to attend an on-line seminar or demonstration
To receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sample
To sign up for a mailing list
To correspond with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
PMBL does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. We do not intentionally collect information from children
under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service
the website provides.
Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.
PMBL owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact
with you. This may include contact such as:-
follow-up phone calls or email correspondence regarding your enquiry,
mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact
e-mail correspondence to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes.
Are "Cookies" used on the website?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps
analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an ndividual. The
web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in
order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the
system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie
in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to
decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. For more information please refer to our
Cookies page
This website at times may use the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors
to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form
to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Europac website. Of course, any data
collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences
page, or visiting DoubleCick opt-out page or
the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
If you want to, you can also opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
PMBL utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information.
Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited
to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites
PMBL's web site may contain links to other internet web sites. PMBL neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the
content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-PMBL web sites.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, PMBL may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy means to
opt out of further correspondence.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information
to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by
writing to or emailing us at sales@pmbl.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell
us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
PMBL Ltd
Unit D, Leach Road, Chard, Somerset, UK, TA20 1FA
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above
address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Partners with...
Testimonials
Varta
Varta Batteries
VARTA Microbattery value PMBL as a long standing, trusted partner who have extensive experience in the field of battery pack assembly. For over 10 years,
PMBL have provided VARTA a reliable, professional and high quality service for our customers from custom pack design through to full manufacture and
supply chain support
Accreditations
Twitter
Tweets By @PMBLBatteries
Recent News
Bespoke NiMH Batteries Custom Made To Your Specification
Oct 02, 2020
Custom ATEX Batteries
Sep 02, 2020
Custom Battery Pack Design Service
Aug 05, 2020
Read All News
Contact
PMBL Limited,
Unit D, Leach Road,
Chard,
Somerset,
UK,
TA20 1FA e: solutions@pmbl.co.uk
t:
+44 (0)1460 66366
HomePrivacy Policy
Copyright © 2019 PMBL Ltd
All Rights Reserved.
PMBL Limited, Unit D, Leach Road, Chard, Somerset, UK, TA20 1FA
e: solutions@pmbl.co.uk