http://www.soundclick.com/company/legal.cfm?show=dmca
Home
Music
Charts
Playlists
Sign up to customize
Log in
Sign up
Contact us
Dark mode
Legal
Site Terms of Use
Content Submission Agreement
Privacy Policy
DMCA / Copyright Policy
Copyright Policy / DMCA
SoundClick Inc. ("Company") has adopted the following general policy toward claims of infringement with respect to intellectual property owned
or controlled by third parties in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA).
The address of Company's Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the end of this policy.
It is Company's policy to (1) block access to or remove material that it believes in good faith to be the intellectual property of a third party
(e.g., copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, etc.) that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, content providers,
members or users; and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders. A repeat infringer is a user for whom SoundClick has received more than two notices of claimed
infringement or for which SoundClick has had to remove content more than twice. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, SoundClick reserves the
right (pursuant to our Site Terms of Use) to immediately
terminate the account of any user for egregious infringing activities at SoundClick's sole determination and discretion.
Report Copyright Infringement
Please only report infringement of your own copyright, or the copyright of someone you are authorized to represent. If you believe that someone else's copyright
is being infringed, please tell them and direct them to this page.
Complainants may notify SoundClick concerning any Content and/or Name being used on the Website in violation of their rights by sending an email
to abuse@soundclick.com.
Providing URLs in the body of an email is the best way to help us locate content quickly.
SoundClick only shall use information provided by Complainants in accordance with its then-current Privacy Policy and as reasonably necessary
to address any allegations contained therein, which may include disclosing some or all of the information to Artists. In most cases, soon after
receiving written notice alleging infringement, SoundClick either will block access to or remove the allegedly infringing Content and/or Name
from those web pages identified or, at its election, remove those web pages.
DMCA Notice
If you wish for your notice to be considered as a notice pursuant to the United States
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Act 17 U.S.C. §512(c),
please follow these DMCA instructions:
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. §512), SoundClick has implemented procedures for receiving written notification of claimed infringements.
SoundClick has also designated an agent to receive notices of claimed copyright infringement.
If you believe in good faith that material or content residing on or accessible through the Company Web site or service infringes an intellectual property right that you
own or control, please send a Notice of Copyright Infringement containing the following information and only the following information to the
Designated Agent listed below. Please note that you will be liable for damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, if you materially misrepresent
that content or an activity is infringing your copyrights. Your communication must include all of the following items:
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description specifying the location on our website of the material that you claim is infringing;
Your email address and your mailing address and/or telephone number;
If claiming copyright infringement, the statement "I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the copyright owner or am authorized to act on behalf
of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed, and that the information in this notification is accurate. I have a good faith belief that use
of the copyrighted materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
If claiming trademark infringement, the statement "I swear under penalty of perjury that I am the trademark owner or am authorized to act on behalf
of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed, and that the information in this notification is accurate. I have a good faith belief that use
of the materials described above as allegedly infringing is not authorized by the intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law."
For the fastest processing time please send the DMCA notice to dmca@soundclick.com
You may also contact the Company's Designated Agent at:
SoundClick Inc
c/o Tanju Canli
Suite #259
1650-302 Margaret St
Jacksonville FL 32204-3869
USA
DMCA Counter-Notice
If you believe that a notice of copyright infringement has been improperly submitted against you, you may submit a Counter-Notice,
pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. You may provide a written communication which contains:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the material removed or to which access has been disabled;
A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that removal or disablement of the material was a mistake or that the material was misidentified;
Your full legal name, address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial
district in which you are located, or if you are located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Company is located, and
that you will accept service of process from the Complainant submitting the notice or his/her authorized agent.
Please submit your Counter-Notice to SoundClick's Copyright Agent via the email or mail to the address specified above.
About us/Contact
DMCA/Copyrights
Privacy
Legal
1997-2020 SoundClick Inc, all rights reserved.
Playlist