http://www.orangebikes.co.uk/online-terms
BIKES
All Mountain/Enduro
Stage 6
29
Alpine 6
27.5
Switch 6
29/27.5
Electric Powered Orange
Charger
27.5
Surge
27.5
Surge 29
29
Phase
29/27.5
Downhill/Gravity
327
27.5
329
29
Suspension Trail Bikes
Five Evo
27.5
Stage Evo
29
Hardtail Trail Bikes
Clockwork
27.5
Clockwork Evo
27.5
Clockwork Evo 29
29
Hardcore Hardtails
Crush
27.5
Crush 29
29
Crush MX
29/27.5
P7
27.5
P7 29
29
Cross/Gravel/Urban
Speedwork
700c
RX9
700c
X9
650b
Road
R9
700c
Orange Junior
Peeler
12
POP
16
Zest 20
20
Zest 24
24
Zest
26
BIKES ON OFFER
BROWSE ALL BIKES
STORE
COMPONENTS
Accessories
Bike Components
Hangers
Pivot Bearing Kits
Bolts'n'Stuff
Tools
Decal Kits
Gifts
CLOTHING
Tee-Shirts & Polos
Riding Jerseys
Shorts
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Gloves
Hats
Socks
Kids
Size Guide
Show Basket
SALE
SALE
Clothing & Accessories on sale!
BIKES ON OFFER
DEALERS
DEALERS
Dealers
UK Demo Days
SUPPORT
SUPPORT
FAQs
Register your bike
Warranty
Repaint your frame
MORE...
MORE…
Bike Archive
STORIES
The Orange Guide To Kids Bikes
Travel’s for show, geometry’s for a pro
Handbuilt in Halifax
Stay Home, Take Care & Ride Bikes (At least, For now)
Pro-Line - For the pinners
Michael Bonney
Redesigning Icons
Joe Barnes & Hazzard Racing
Romeo X-Ray Nine - Behind The Scenes
Four Life
Online Store Terms
YOUR RIGHTS
Orange Mountain Bikes is a UK based company and complies with UK consumer law including the Distance Selling Regulations. This means that shopping with Orange Mountain Bikes is safe. You won't get ripped off, you’ll get your ordered items and we’ll sort out any problems you have. Our Terms and Conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
Distance Selling Regulations give you the right to cancel an order and return any goods that may already have been dispatched, (see Returns) up to 7 days from receipt.
Pricing
Whilst we do our best to ensure prices are up to date and correct, errors may occur and in such a case you will be contacted before your order is shipped.
Payment
We have three secure options for payment for online orders. You can pay simply with your credit or debit card, use PayPal with or without a PayPal account or if the value of your order exceeds £500, you can apply for interest-free credit via V12 Finance
CREDIT AND DEBIT CARD
We use the Stripe payment gateway to process credit and debit card transactions. The process is simple and secure.
PAYPAL
PayPal can be used if you do or do not currently have a PayPal account. If you do not have a PayPal account, PayPal allows you to use their secure payment service and make a payment using a debit or credit card. For more details go to www.PayPal.com
V12 FINANCE
With qualifying orders you can apply for interest-free finance via V12 Retail Finance at the checkout of our online store. Orange Mountain Bikes Ltd offers up to a maximum of 12 months interest-free credit, you can choose between 6 and 12 months and you will see an illustration of the finance agreement and any options available to you before you apply. The finance application is completed online and usually, you will receive a decision immediately.
On approval of your application, Orange Bikes will be notified and we will contact you to advise on delivery. In most cases this will be the same or the next day, depending on build requirements. Some custom options may take up to 28 days and you will be notified of this.
Applying for finance:  Where an order qualifies for finance (usually where the value is in excess of £500) there will be an option in the shopping basket to apply for 0% V12 finance. Select the finance option that you prefer from the V12 Retail Finance calculator. A deposit of 10% of the order value is required. An illustration of the deposit and repayments will be displayed before you apply. Click the "Apply for finance" button and you will be taken the V12 checkout. On completion of the delivery details, you will go to V12 website to complete the application. If your application is accepted you will be asked to pay the 10% deposit by credit or debit card. On completion and approval, Orange Mountain Bikes will contact you to advise of a delivery date.
Eligibility for finance: On completion of the online finance application, the details will be processed and in most cases you will receive an instant decision. Occasionally, applications may be referred for manual assessment and you will generally be notified by email of the credit decision within a few hours. All loans are subject to status. You must be at least 18 years old and a permanent resident in the UK. Customers from outside the UK cannot apply for V12 finance.
Interest rates: The interest rates are 0% over either a 6 or 12 month period. A 10% deposit is required at the time of the order.
Repayments: Monthly repayments are taken by direct debit. Your finance agreement starts from when you receive your goods and you don't start repaying your loan until a month after you receive your order.
Cooling Off Period: In line with Distance Selling Regulations, you have 14 days from the receipt of your order to change your mind about the purchase. If you wish to keep the goods but do not wish to proceed with the finance agreement, you must contact Orange Mountain Bikes and pay for the goods in full using an alternative method, such as your credit or debit card. When the new payment has been received, Orange Mountain Bikes will cancel your credit agreement and V12 Retail Finance will return your original deposit.
If you don't wish to keep the goods, then you must return the goods at your own cost to Orange Mountain Bikes in the same condition that you received them (please see our Returns or Cancellations below, regarding the condition of returned goods). Once we have received the goods Orange Mountain Bikes will cancel the agreement and V12 Retail Finance will return your deposit.
Delivery
When you can expect to receive your order
Average Delivery Times:
UK customers First Class dispatch : You should receive you order in 1 - 2 working days after dispatch.
UK customers Economy dispatch: You should receive you order in 2-5 working days after dispatch.
European customers: You should receive you order in 3-5 working days after dispatch.
Rest of World customers: Orders should be with you within 5 - 7 working days after dispatch.
Orange Mountain Bikes understand that you want to receive your order as soon as possible. This is especially true when it comes to spare parts for your bike that are required to get you back out riding again. For this reason we aim to dispatch all orders the next working day, if not before. If there is any delay we will contact you as soon as possible.
The Orange Bikes factory closes at 13:00 hours on a Friday so we do not dispatch any online orders on a Friday. This means that any orders received after midday on Thursday will be sent on the following Monday.
The delivery services we use
UK orders are sent using a Signed For service. Overseas orders are sent using Royal Mail International Signed for Service.
All UK orders are subject to a postage and package charge of £4.50 and £9.95 depending on service used. UK orders using the economy service are sent using a Royal Mail signed for service. This service gives proof of delivery. UK orders using the express service are sent DPD next day.
All EU orders are subject to a flat rate £8.00 delivery charge. This is for a Royal Mail International Signed for Airmail service. This is a traceable service that gives proof of delivery. The Royal Mail quotes delivery times of three working days to Western Europe and five working days to Eastern Europe
All Rest of the World orders are subject to a flat rate £10.00 delivery charge. This is for a Royal Mail International Signed for Airmail service. This is a traceable service that gives proof of delivery. The Royal Mail quotes delivery times as seven working days for the rest of the world.
Returns or Cancellations
Orange Mountain Bikes conform to the Distance Selling Regulations, which are designed to protect you when buying items by Mail Order.
We offer a flexible returns policy and are happy to accept items back for a refund or exchange if they don't fit, you've ordered the wrong things, the items are damaged or faulty upon receipt or you simply don't like what you've ordered. Please notify us of any issues within 7 days of receipt.
Please contact us via email service@orangebikes.co.uk or by telephone on 01422 311 113 ext 115 if you have any question which is not answered below.
I need to return a new item for an exchange or refund.
As long as the item is not fitted or used we will be happy to receive it back for a refund or exchange.
Please send all returns to our factory address (below).
F.A.O. Mail Order Returns
Orange Mountain Bikes Limited
Unit 3, Brookwoods Ind Est,
Burrwood Way,
Holywell Green,
Halifax,
West Yorkshire
HX4 9BH,
England
Please mark the parcel for attention of (F.A.O) Mail Order Returns and enclose a detailed covering note including full contact details.
Please contact us via email service@orangebikes.co.uk or by telephone on 01422 311 113 ext 103 if you have any further questions.
I have received an incorrect item
Sometimes we do make mistakes. If we have sent you an item which is different to what is listed on your packing note we will be happy to make an exchange.
Please contact us via email service@orangebikes.co.uk or by telephone on 01422 311 113 ext 103 and will we endeavour to get the correct items to you as quickly as possible.
My purchase was damaged or faulty on receipt
We do everything in our power to ensure that your goods arrive in perfect condition. If there is a problem with faulty or damaged goods please contact us so that we can deal with it as quickly as possible.
Please contact us via email service@orangebikes.co.uk or by telephone on 01422 311 113 ext 103.
Returns from outside the EU.
If you are an overseas customer we are happy to help to sort out any problems you may have. If you have a problem the first thing to do is to get in touch with us. Please contact us via email service@orangebikes.co.uk or by telephone on +44 (0)1422 311 113 ext 103.
We are happy to receive returns but are not able to reimburse any return postage costs. A charge may also apply for redelivery.
Privacy Policy
Orange Mountain Bikes are committed to protecting your privacy. As of May 25th 2018 our Privacy Policy reflects changes to the law relevant to GDPR.
In short, When you place an order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, credit card billing address, delivery address, credit or debit card number and associated details. This allows us to process and fulfil your orders. You have trusted us by giving us these details and Orange Bikes promise not to use these details for any other reason other than processing your order or informing you about the products and services of Orange Mountain Bikes. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
Our full Privacy Policy can be read here
Stock Levels
Orange Mountain Bikes updates the availability of stock during the working week whenever necessary.
Items that are not in stock are displayed as such and are not available to be selected from the relevant pages of the website. In the rare event of a problem with availability of a product showing as available, we will contact you. You may then wish to cancel the order or wait until the item or an alternative becomes available.
Accuracy of Information
We put a lot of time and effort into describing and photographing the products we sell using our own photography studio and often our own descriptions of the products. Although we aim that every picture and description is 100% accurate, mistakes do occur so let us know if you see or read something that is incorrect. If you have purchased something based on a picture or description on the website which turns out to be incorrect we will be happy to replace or refund the product (unused).
Ex-Demos, Closeouts & Refurbished Models
We occasionally have special deals on some models made available to UK customers only. This section deals with those bikes purchase from our online store.those
Ex-demo and magazine test bikes
Ex-demo bikes have generally been in service around 12 months attending shop demos and the occasional show. Throughout this period they are transported with care and regularly serviced by our qualified technicians. Before the bikes are put on the website their condition is assessed and any new parts fitted or the frame repainted if particularly worn. A brief guide to their condition is provided with 5 being almost new, and 1 being quite well travelled. On purchase you will be supplied with a service history outlining what has been done to each bike when prepared for sale.
Warranty on second hand bikes covers the remainder of each frames original cover. So a one year old Clockwork has the remaining four years warranty protection on the frame. Parts fitted have a 28 day guarantee to ensure nothing is amiss after the first few rides.
Closeout Models
Closeout models are generally last year’s bikes or old frames built up with any new parts we can spare. Warranty returns or frames with a slight flaw may also be added, any issues are generally cosmetic with details added in the description.
Closeout models are new and unused so supplied with the full manufacturer’s warranty. We encourage viewing on all these bikes and while we can advise, we aren’t responsible if you are unhappy with model or size after purchase. To purchase a closeout bike, ring the factory and book an appointment.
Refurbished Models
Refurbished bikes are bikes that may have been used for a display, show or photoshoot. These bikes might exhibit minor cosmetic imperfections, such as scuffing, slight scratches or very light wear to the drivetrain. All our refurbished bikes receive a thorough examination from our factory workshop technicians before being sold, as such they come with a full frame warranty and 12 month warranty on parts.
These offers are available only in the following countries:
Austria, Belgium, Czechia, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kindom..
Top