http://www.professionalsadvocate.com/privacy
Skip to main content
FooterLegal Notices and Privacy Policy Help Contact Us
Online Legal Notices and Privacy Policy
By
accessing this website, you agree to the FOLLOWING Legal Notices and Privacy
Policy. Legal NoticesCopyright and CompaniesAll pages Copyright © 2020,
MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of Maryland.  All Rights Reserved.  MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of
Maryland refers to MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of Maryland and
its subsidiary and affiliate companies presented in this website including, but
not limited to, Professionals Advocate® Insurance Company.  You are authorized to view or download the
information contained in this website for your own personal, non-commercial use
only.Licenses, Non-solicitationMEDICAL MUTUAL Liability
Insurance Society of Maryland is a Maryland mutual company with its principal
place of business located at 225 International Circle, Hunt Valley, Maryland
21030, and is licensed in the State of Maryland.  Professionals Advocate® Insurance Company is a
Maryland corporation with its principal place of business at 225 International
Circle, Hunt Valley, Maryland 21030, and is licensed in 46 states and the
District of Columbia.Product and service descriptions
contained in this website are provided for informational purposes only and do
not constitute solicitations or offers to sell.  Insurance products and services are provided
only in such jurisdictions as MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of
Maryland and Professionals Advocate® Insurance Company are properly licensed
and where the product or service has been properly approved.Products and ServicesAny product description, service
description, or other information contained in this website is provided for
general informational purposes only.  Any
such description or information is not medical, legal, financial, tax or other
business advice.  You should consult the
appropriate professional advisor for any such advice.  The descriptions of any insurance products,
services, or coverages do not amend, modify, supplement, or otherwise change
the terms, conditions, and exclusions of any policy issued or of any product or
service offered.DisclaimerThe materials CONTAINED IN THIS
WEBSITE may contain inaccuracies and typographical errors.  MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of
Maryland does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the materials or the
reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed
or distributed through the Website.  You
acknowledge that any reliance on any such opinion, advice, statement,
memorandum, or information shall be at your sole risk.  IN NO EVENT SHALL MEDICAL MUTUAL LIABILITY
INSURANCE SOCIETY OF MARYLAND BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES RELATED TO THE USE
OF THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS.  Miscellaneous MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability
Insurance Society of Maryland reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to
change any portion of this website at any time without notice.  Any and all disputes concerning
this website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, without
giving effect to Maryland’s conflict of laws principles. Privacy PolicyMEDICAL MUTUAL Liability
Insurance Society of Maryland respects the privacy of its online visitors.  MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of
Maryland may collect personal data, such as names, addresses, email addresses,
financial information, employment information, professional license numbers, and
other similar information primarily when voluntarily submitted by a visitor.  For example, personal data may be gathered to
respond to a website user’s request for information.  Additionally, only users who sign up for email,
SMS, or text communications will receive such communications.Data collected is used by MEDICAL
MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of Maryland, its subsidiaries, its
affiliates, and its third-party service providers for internal purposes, and data
collected is not sold to outside third parties.  MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of
Maryland uses third-party service providers such as Google Analytics that may
collect additional information in managing this website.  The privacy policy of Google Analytics is
available here.  Any links to third-party websites
contained in this website are not the responsibility of or under the control of
MEDICAL MUTUAL Liability Insurance Society of Maryland.  You are encouraged to read the policies of any
linked website. Contact UsIf you have questions about this
website or the information discussed above, please visit our Contact Us page here.
Effective: January 23,
2020.