http://www.belcan.com/belcan-privacy-shield-policy/
Skip to content
Belcan Privacy Shield PolicyBeth Hannum2020-06-23T15:06:31+00:00
English
PRIVACY POLICY
BELCAN, LLC PRIVACY SHIELD POLICY
Section 1: Introduction
Belcan, LLC. complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries.
The EU-US Privacy Shield provides adequate protection to allow personal data to be transferred to the United States. The EU-US Privacy Shield imposes stronger obligations on US companies to protect Europeans’ personal data. The Privacy Shield requires the US to monitor and enforce more robustly and cooperate more with European Data Protection Authorities. It includes written commitments and assurance regarding access to data by public authorities.
Belcan, LLC has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.
Section 2: Scope
Belcan, LLC takes privacy seriously, and wants individuals to feel comfortable using our web sites. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as “data” below) that may be collected by these sites. The policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by Belcan, LLC, nor does it apply to persons who are not employees, contractors, or candidates of Belcan, LLC, or who are not under Belcan’s control.
Belcan Subsidiaries that are in scope by this policy includes: Belcan Consulting Services, LLC; Allegiant International, LLC; Belcan Design Build, Inc.; Belcan Alliances, Inc.; Belcan Engineering Group, LLC; Belcan International Limited; Applied Technology Consultants Limited; Belcan Services Group Holdings, LLC; Belcan Services Group Limited Partnership; Belcan TechService; PVD Net, LLC; Tandel Holdings, Inc.; Tandel Systems, Inc.; Intercom Communications Corporation; Intercom Consulting Corporation; The Kemtah Group, Inc.; Propulsion RM Holdings, LLC; Robot Morning, LLC; RSP Tooling, LLC; JBR Technologies, LLC.
This policy is to be leveraged for both HR and non-HR related requests.
Section 3: Use of Personal Data
Belcan processes your personal information to administer recruitment activities, such as using your information to contact you about potential job opportunities and to take the steps necessary prior to entering into an employment relationship. As part of the recruitment process, Belcan may process your personal information in the following ways:
Employment application process, which may include administration, establishment, and management of all aspects of the process, including, but not limited to: travel, expenses, training & development, and human resources-related processes
HR related purposes
Where necessary to comply with applicable legal or regulatory requirements, including location, national, and international laws, in addition to Federal Trade Commission (FTC) requirements
For diversity reporting purposes, where allowable by law, such as evaluating and reporting the demographic makeup of our workforce
Any other purposes as designated when communicating with you
Any personal information collected will be kept as long as required to carry out for purposes indicated in this Privacy Statement, where applicable by law, or where otherwise required.
Third Parties:
Belcan may disclose personal information to 3rd parties relative to sourcing requests for technical services and recruitment opportunities. Data is also shared between EU and US entities of Belcan, LLC in relation to general HR related activities.
Belcan is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) and may be required to provide personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements.
Section 4: Individual Rights
Belcan acknowledges the individual’s rights to access their personal data.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Belcan commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Belcan at:
HR Related Requests:
HRCompliance@Belcan.com
Non-HR Related Requests:
Privacy@Belcan.com
Contact:
Matt King (Chief Information Security Officer)
Phone: 1-513-985-7060
Mail:
Belcan, LLC
10200 Anderson Way
Cincinnati, OH 45242
EU individuals may request that their data be corrected, amended, moved, or deleted through the above contact methods. Individuals may also ask for a full record of how their data is used, and may request that the use be limited or excluded from business processes. In the event that individual data is shared with a 3rd party, Belcan will serve as the data owner on record, and will be liable in the event of unauthorized disclosure. Belcan will also formerly liaise requests for data deletion, correction, or movement from 3rd parties.
Belcan has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data transferred from the EU.
Please note that if a complaint is not resolved through normal channels, individuals may be able to seek binding arbitration before the Privacy Shield panel.
Section 8: Changes to this Policy
Belcan may amend this policy from time-to-time. Changes will be added to the policy posted on our website, as deemed significant and necessary.
Learn how we can provide innovative solutions for your company      GET IN TOUCH
Learn how we can provide innovative solutions for your companyGET IN TOUCH
Engineering Better Outcomes
HOME
ABOUT
Leadership
Corporate Beliefs
SERVICES
Engineering Services
Technical Services
Consulting Services
INDUSTRIES
Aerospace / Defense
Automotive
Industrial
EMPLOYMENT
RESOURCES
Case Studies
Overviews & Infographics
In The News
Portals
CONTACT US
WORLDWIDE OFFICES
© 2019 Belcan Privacy Policy
Belcan Privacy Shield Policy
Belcan Modern Slavery Policy