http://www.theporcelaingarden.com/privacy-policy/
949 380 0337
Home
Privacy Policy
The Porcelain Garden is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the The Porcelain Garden Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the The Porcelain Garden website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of your Personal Information The Porcelain Garden collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. The Porcelain Garden also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by The Porcelain Garden. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by The Porcelain Garden for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the The Porcelain Garden Web site. The Porcelain Garden encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from The Porcelain Garden so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. The Porcelain Garden is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the The Porcelain Garden and The Porcelain Garden family of Web sites. Use of your Personal Information The Porcelain Garden collects and uses your personal information to operate the The Porcelain Garden Web site and deliver the products you have requested. The Porcelain Garden also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from The Porcelain Garden. The Porcelain Garden may also contact you to inform you of potential new services that may be offered. The Porcelain Garden does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Porcelain Garden may share shipping data with shipping and freight partners to send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to The Porcelain Garden, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. The Porcelain Garden does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations. The Porcelain Garden keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within The Porcelain Garden, in order to determine what The Porcelain Garden services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within The Porcelain Garden to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. The Porcelain Garden Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The Porcelain Garden or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Porcelain Garden; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Porcelain Garden, or the public. Use of Cookies The The Porcelain Garden Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize The Porcelain Garden pages, or register with The Porcelain Garden site or services, a cookie helps The Porcelain Garden to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same The Porcelain Garden Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the The Porcelain Garden features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the The Porcelain Garden services or Web sites you visit. Security of your Personal Information The Porcelain Garden secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. The Porcelain Garden secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Changes to this Statement The Porcelain Garden will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. The Porcelain Garden encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The Porcelain Garden is protecting your information. Contact Information The Porcelain Garden welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that The Porcelain Garden has not adhered to this Statement, please contact The Porcelain Garden at pgsales@theporcelaingarden.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
×
OK
Contact Us
28 Hammond, Suite A Irvine, CA 92618
1.800.486.0337 / 949.380.0337
949.380.8119
pgsales@theporcelaingarden.com
quick links
Home
About Us
History
Contact
Custom Work
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020 The Porcelain Garden Website by -