http://www.virtogroup.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY
DATA PROTECTION STATEMENT FOR PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING FOR THE PURPOSES OF SENDING PROMOTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
This information regulates the processing of personal data carried out by our company on this website, in compliance with current data protection regulations, in particular, the European Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”).
Data Controller: Cuccolini S.r.l.
Registered office: Via Raffaello Sanzio, 2 – 42124 Mancasale RE
Contacts: Tel. 0522-922000 – Email: gdpr@virtogroup.com
The Data Controller is liable towards you for the legittimate and fair use of your personal data and may be contacted for any information or request regarding data processing.
Privacy Policy
This page describes how to manage the site in relation to the processing of personal data of users who consult it. This is a notice made pursuant to the new GDPR 2016/679 regarding the protection of personal data to those who interact with web services accessible by telematic means starting from the address: https://www.virtogroup.com/.
The information is provided only for the site in question and not for other website that may be consulted by the user through links. The indications provided below are particulary concerned with the collection of personal data on the Internet, with the aim of identifying the minimum measures that must be implemented with regard to the persons concerned to guarantee the loyalty and legality of such practices.
Place of data processing
The treatments connected to the Web services on this site take place at the foretold offices and are only handled by employees, collaborators or persons in charge of processing, or by persons in charge of occasional maintenance operations. No data deriving from the web service is communicated or disseminated. The personal data provided by users who request dispatch of informative material are used only to perform the service or provision requested and are communicated to third parties in the event that this is necessary for this purpose.
Data, purpose and legal basis
The computer systems and computer programs used to operate the site collect some personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols (IP addresses or domain names of computers used by users who connect to the site, the addresses URI – Uniform Resource Identifier – of the requested resources, time of the request, method used in submitting the request to the server, file size obtained in response, numerical code about the status of the response made by the server – good order, error, etc. – and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user’s IT environment). Although it is information that is not collected to be associated with identified individuals, by their nature they could, through processing and association with data held by third parties, allow users to be identified.
These data are used only purpose of obtaining statistical information not associated with any user identification data on the use of the site and to check its correct functioning and are deleted immediately after processing. The data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical computer crimes against the Site.
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of your personal data (name, surname, telephone number and email address) by filling out the form at https://www.virtogroup.com/contact/, for the request of more information on our activity or for sending our catalogs, involves the subsequent acquisition of the sender’s addess, necessary to respond to requests, as well as any other personal data included in the message.
Newsletter and processing of your data
If you have given your consent by “flag” to receive commercial communications, the processing of your data may be made to send direct marketing communications, newsletters, activities of sending advertising material, carrying out market research, by means of traditional contact systems and automated computer systems, including commercial or promotional communications by e-mail or SMS; this constitutes the consent of the interested party, expressed in accordance with this information. In this case, consent to the processing of personal data is not a contractual obligation. The interested party has the right to provide personal data; in case of failure to communicate such data, however, it will not be possible to carry out any marketing activity. The Holder informs that, in relation to the right to oppose the processing of personal data for marketing purposes, the possibility remains of exercising this right in part, opposing, for example, to the sending of promotional communications by automated tools and/or digital or, alternatively, to traditional ones.
Method of treatment
Personal data are processed with automated tool for the time strictly necessary to obtain the purposes for which they were collected, unless the same information is the subject of other processing by the same data controller. Specific security measures are observed to prevent data loss, illicit or incorrect use in compliance with obligations to adapt to minimum security measures. In any case, the revocation of consent will no longer be processed.
We also inform you of the following rights you can claim against the Data Controller:
Right to request access to your personal data (Article 15);
Right to rectification (Article 16) or right to erasure of personal data (Article 17);
Right to restriction (Article 18) or right to object to processing (Article 21);
Right to data portability (Artcile 20);
Right to withdraw consent given for one or more specific purposes, at any time, without prejudice to the processing carried out before withdrawal of consent (Article 7);
Right to lodge a complaint with the Italian Data Protection Authority (Article 77).
The exercise of the rights indicated in this statement, including, in particular, the right to cancel and the right ti revoke the consent given must be addressed directly to the Data Controller at the e-mail addess: info@virtogroup.com
This information was edited in the name of Cuccolini S.r.l. from 01 S.r.l. privacy services www.01privacy.it