http://www.siegelagency.com/privacy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2018-06-21T10:38:32-04:00
Irwin Siegel Agency, Inc. (ISA) strongly believes in maintaining the privacy of the information we collect. It is important that you understand how and why we use and disclose the collected information. The following provides details of our practices and procedures for protecting the security of non public personal information that we have obtained. This privacy statement applies to all ISA customers.
How We Collect Your Information
The personal information that we have comes from you directly. You provided this information to us on your application or request for insurance and other services we offer. You have the right to verify the accuracy of this information. Keeping information accurate and up to date is important to us. We may also collect personal information from outside sources including consumer-reporting agencies.
This includes loss information and motor vehicle reports.
Information We Collect
Depending on the nature of the transaction being completed, you may be required to provide information for ISA, our affiliates, agencies, or other entities working on our behalf. This may include: your name, address, phone number, E-mail address, the type and numbers of the policies you hold; accident/violation history, information about vehicle operators, mortgages, lien/lease holders, or vehicle information.
Information We Disclose
We do not disclose any personal information except as is necessary in order to provide our products or services; or as we are required or permitted by law. Your agent or broker may use your personal information in his or her files for marketing purposes, or to help you with your overall insurance program. We may also use personal information to communicate with you about products, features and options you have expressed an interest in or that we believe may be of interest to you. In addition, we may as permitted by law, and without your prior consent provide personal information contained in our records or files to persons or organizations for example: your agent or broker, persons who perform a business function for us such as; businesses that help us prepare certain policy holder communications we send to you, insurance support organizations, other insurance companies in order to perform their role in an insurance transaction in which you are involved; independent claim adjusters, businesses that conduct actuarial or research studies, regulatory or law-enforcement authorities, persons requesting information pursuant to subpoena or court order, as well as repair shops and recommended vendors.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy in order to address future developments of ISA, and changes in industry or legal trends. If changes do occur, updated information will be posted on our website (www.siegelagency.com).
Confidentiality and Security
When we share personal information with companies working on ISA’s behalf, we protect that personal information where required by law with a confidentiality agreement. This agreement obligates those companies to conform to our standards, and keep confidential any information about you that we give them. Within ISA your personal information is available to those individuals who may need to fulfill services the related to ISA customers. In addition, we communicate the need to protect your information to those who have access to it, and we’ve established physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your information.
Newsletter Subscriptions
If you subscribe to our newsletter by providing your e-mail address, we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Links to “unsubscribe” or opt-out are provided in each e-mail or, e-mail siegel@siegelagency.com directly to be removed.
Third-Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities for these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback from these sites.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information which a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by web sites to improve the user experience and have not been known to transmit computer viruses or otherwise harm your computer. Many cookies last only through a single website session or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them.
Your Consent
By using our website you consent to the conditions of this privacy policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, or would like more information please don’t hesitate to contact us at 800-622-8272 or e-mail siegel@siegelagency.com.
Go to Top