http://www.understand.com/pages/terms
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Products
Images
Animations
Deep Dives
Infographics
Custom
Specialties
Allergy
Bariatrics
Breast Cancer
Cardiovascular System
Dental
Dermatology
Diabetes
Diagnostic Radiology
Digestive System
Ear Nose & Throat
Gynecology Oncology
Hair
Hematology Oncology
Immunology
Male Reproduction
Maternal-Fetal
Neurology
OBGYN
Oncology
Ophthalmology
Orthopaedics
Pharmacology
Plastic Surgery
Radiation Oncology
Radiology
Respiratory System
Spine
Urology
Terms of Use
By accessing this web site which belongs to and is operated by Understand.com (hereafter referred to as “US”), you acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the following terms, please note that you are not allowed to use this site. This site is owned and maintained by US. The Terms of Use and the Privacy Notice apply to and govern this site and your use of this site. US may change the Terms of Use at any time without notice.
Please read our Privacy Statement to understand the privacy rules about your use of this site. Except as written in any other disclaimers, policies, terms of use or other notices on this site. These Terms of Use and our Privacy Statement are the complete agreement between you and US with respect to your use of this site. You may be subject to additional terms that may apply when you access particular services or materials on certain areas of this site or by following links that take you away from this site. US makes no representation as to the availability, accuracy or completeness of the content of this site. US is not liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to or inability to access this site or from reliance on any information at this site. In addition, we reserve the right to interrupt or discontinue any or all of the functionality of this site or to change its content at any time without prior notice, but we do not assume any responsibility to update it.
The information contained in this site is for general guidance on matters of interest only and shall not be assimilated to or substituted for legal or medical advice.
This content is strictly intended for educational purposes and is not intended to make any representations or warranties about the outcome of any procedure. It is not a substitute for a thorough, in-person consultation with a qualified physician. This site may contain, from time to time, information related to various health, medical, and fitness conditions and their treatment. Such information is not meant to be a substitute for the advice provided by a physician or other medical professional. You should not use the information contained herein for diagnosing a health or fitness problem or disease. You should always consult a medical professional, such as a physician, to determine what courses of treatment, if any, may be appropriate for you.
This site, including all text, programming, animation, images, design, video, audio, photographs and other components therein, are copyrighted materials owned by US or other third parties and are protected by copyright and other laws. No part of this site may be copied or reproduced or utilized in any form or by any means without the express prior written permission of US. All rights reserved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, US consents to you browsing US web pages on your computer or printing copies of extracts from these pages for your personal use only and not for redistribution unless consented to in writing by US. Individual documents in our web pages may be subject to additional terms indicated in those documents.
The use of this site and the content therein is permitted for private, non-commercial use. This site and the contents herein are provided as a convenience to you. The contents of US web pages are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. US does not warrant that its web pages will be uninterrupted or error-free. US reserves the right to revise the pages or withdraw access to them at any time. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IS MADE IN RELATION TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF THESE PAGES. Understand.com SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS OR FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SERVICE, EVEN IF Understand.com HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THE LIABILITY OF Understand.com WOULD IN SUCH CASE BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
For your easy accessibility US may include links to sites on the internet that are owned or operated by third parties. US is not responsible for the content of such other sites. By linking to such a third-party site, you shall review and agree to that site’s rules of use before using such site. You also agree that US has no control over the content of that site and cannot assume any responsibility for material created or published by such third-party sites. In addition, a link to a non-US site does not imply that US endorses the site or the products or services referenced in such third party site. US shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from users’ access to or inability to access such sites.
By submitting material to any of our servers, for example, by e-mail or via the internet, you agree that: (a) the material will not contain any item that is unlawful or otherwise unfit for publication; (b) you will use reasonable efforts to scan and remove any viruses or other contaminating or destructive features before submitting any material; (c) you own the material or have the unlimited right to provide it to us and US may publish the material free of charge and/or incorporate it or any concepts described in it in our products without accountability or liability; and (d) you agree not to take action against us in relation to material that you submit and you agree to indemnify us if any third party takes action against us in relation to the material you submit.
US does not and cannot review the content posted by users on its site if applicable and is not responsible for such content. US may at any time and at its discretion remove any content posted by users.
The use of this site is controlled by US from its offices within the United States of America. Any claim relating to this site shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the United States and the State of Nevada. You and US agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the State of Nevada. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of this site or these terms and conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose. Your conduct may be subject to other laws. Use of this site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. US reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms of Use, including the right to block access from a particular Internet address or for particular registered users to this site.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh