http://www.delmhorst.com/privacy-policy/
877-335-6467
Dealer Portal
Speak To A Specialist
Products
Moisture Meters
Electrodes
Accessories
Support
Correction Tables
FAQs
Agriculture
Building Inspection
Flooring
Industrial & Mill
Restoration
WoodWorking
Product Resources
PC application
MAP Program
Returns, Service & Warranty
Online Product Training
Resources
eGuides & Helpful Info
Moisture Meter Blog
Dealer Locator
Become A Distributor
Company
Contact Us
About Us
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Notice applies to all users of this Delmhorst Instrument Co. Website and any sub-domains. When you use or access this Website, you give us your consent to collect, process, use, store, and disclose, in accordance with this online Privacy Notice, any personally identifiable information or data (“Personal Information") that you submit or convey through your use of this Website.
In addition to this Privacy Notice, your use of the Website is governed by the Terms of Use, which are fully incorporated and made a part of this Privacy Notice by this reference.
What information is collected on Delmhorst.com?
Delmhorst Instrument Co. collects Personal Information from visitors to the Website who use the Website. We may also use cookies and track other non-personal information, so we can improve our services and enhance your Delmhorst Instrument Co. experience.
We will not seek or knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit any Personal Information via this Website.
How does Delmhorst Instrument Co. use the Personal Information you provide?
We use Personal Information that we receive or collect from you to provide and improve our products and services; send announcements, marketing materials or other communications; complete and manage your transactions; process your requests; or otherwise administer our business.
Does Delmhorst Instrument Co. share your Personal Information with others?
On occasion, Delmhorst Instrument Co. may use the services of third parties to distribute marketing materials, process and manage sales transactions, and provide other products and services. Such third parties are governed by obligations to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information. Your Personal Information may be processed by these third parties, for the purpose of providing products and services as requested or agreed upon by Delmhorst Instrument Co. Your Personal Information may be used to contact you and may be shared with our distributors who are third parties that may want to send you information or contact you about topics in which you indicated an interest.
We may transfer your information as an asset in connection with a merger or sale involving all or part of our business. We may also disclose certain Personal Information as required by law or in connection with a legal claim or proceeding.
(For California Residents), California Privacy Rights under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84? California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84 give California residents the right to ask us for a notice describing the categories of Personal Information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes. The notice will identify the categories of information shared, and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it has been shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to our online CONTACTservice.
How does Delmhorst Instrument Co. protect your Personal Information?
Delmhorst Instrument Co. uses reasonable security measures to protect the Personal Information that we collect via the Website. However, while we take reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee and do not warrant or represent, that all information will be protected against loss, misuse, or unauthorized access by third parties. By your use of this Website, you acknowledge that no Internet data transmission can be guaranteed as secure from such incidents and agree that you will not hold us responsible for any breach of security that is not solely caused by our negligence.
Does Delmhorst Instrument Co. collect other kinds of information via the Website?
Delmhorst Instrument Co. may also collect certain personal and non-personal information related to your use of the Website. For example, we may track your domain name, IP address, and browser type.
We may also use temporary identifiers or “cookies" to improve the Website’s functionality. Cookies are pieces of information a website can send to your computer’s browser for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to ascertain which web pages are visited and how often, to make our Website more user-friendly, and to give you a better experience when you return to the Website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you do not have to accept them. To disable cookies, you should access the “help" tab on your browser or read the information that came with your browser software. However, your visit to our Website will be enhanced if cookies are not disabled.
Modifications to this Privacy Notice
Delmhorst Instrument Co. reserves the right to make changes to its privacy policy and practices, and to this Privacy Notice. You should, therefore, review this page from time to time for updated information. We will notify you of applicable changes in our privacy policy and practices by posting the modifications to this Privacy Notice on our Website.
Opt-Our Right
You may opt-out of receiving information from our distributors, and from us, by the following means:
Send an email to info@delmhorst.comor
Send a message via our online Request Form and indicate that “I DO NOT WISH TO RECEIVE SPECIAL COMMUNICATIONS” in the notes
Contact Us
Your satisfaction is important to us. If you have any comments, complaints, or queries regarding this Privacy Policy, please email us at info@delmhorst.com, fill out our online request form, or call us at 877-DELMHORST (335-6467).
Privacy Policy Addendum (29 June 2018)
1. Introduction
The following restatement of our Privacy Policy is in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union.
Delmhorst Instrument Co. is a ‘data controller’ with responsibility for deciding how we hold and use personal information.  We are required under data protection laws to notify you of the information contained in this policy.
This notice is intended to inform you of the types of data we process about you; the reasons for processing your data, the lawful basis that permits us to process it, how long we keep your data for and your rights regarding your data.
This notice applies to visitors to the Website who use the Website (“Website Users”) and customers who do business with Delmhorst (“Customers”).
If you have any questions about this policy or how we handle personal information, please contact our Compliance Officer for Data Protection, by email at info@delmhorst.com, or by postal mail at the following address:  Compliance Officer for Data Protection, Delmhorst Instrument Co., 51 Indian Ln E, Towaco, NJ 07082.
2. The type of data that we hold about Website Users
Personal data, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We collect, store and use some or all of the following categories of personal information about Website Users and Customers, to the extent that it is provided by interacting with the Website or Delmhorst. Please note that not all of the categories will apply to you.
Name, title, job title, address, telephone numbers, email addresses, credit checks, credit card numbers, bank account details, payment details, marketing preferences, domain name, IP address, and browser type.
We collect personal information directly from Customers, as part of our normal operating practice.  We collect personal information from Website Users automatically, or when provided by the Website User.
Personal data is kept in files or within the Delmhorst’s IT systems.  Personal data may be stored on cloud servers under Delmhorst’s control.
We do not collect, store or use any “special categories” of more sensitive personal information as defined in the GDPR.
3. How we use your personal data
We may use personal information for any lawful bases, including:
Where we have obtained freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous consent from you to use your personal information in certain ways, for example in marketing communications or delivery of newsletters, or bulletins.
Where we need to process an order or perform a contract
Where we need to comply with a legal obligation.
Where we need to use personal information to pursue our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and we believe that using personal information in that way is not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights of the person to whom the information relates.
Below, we have set out why we use your personal data and the lawful bases which are relevant to those purposes.
We may use your personal data to fulfil orders and service requests for Customers; to communicate with you in the course of doing business with you; to provide and improve our products and services; send announcements, marketing materials or other communications; complete and manage your transactions; process your requests; or otherwise administer our business.  The lawful basis for this use of personal information is your consent, and to provide our goods and services to Customers, and to pursue our legitimate interests in creating and maintaining relationships with you.
We may use your personal data for marketing purposes, includes contacting you with relevant newsletters, bulletins and other information about our goods and services, and inviting you to events.  The lawful basis for this use of personal information is your consent, and our legitimate interest in ensuring that our Customers are informed about our goods and services. You have the right to withdraw this consent or amend your marketing preferences at any time by contacting info@delmhorst.com.
We may use your personal information for monitoring and analyzing our Website usage, for IT security and to ensure compliance with our IT and communications policies.  The lawful basis for this use is our legitimate interests in managing and securing our information and systems.
4. If you fail to provide personal information
If you fail to provide certain personal information when we request it, Delmhorst may not be able to fulfil orders for goods or services, or to contact you with relevant newsletters, bulletins and other information about our goods and services.
5. Data sharing
Delmhorst may, on occasion, share certain personal information with third parties.  For details, see above, under the heading, “Does Delmhorst Instrument Co. share your Personal Information with others?”
6. Data security
We have reasonable data security measures to protect your personal information from being lost, altered, disclosed, or used or accessed by unauthorized persons.  We limit access to your personal information to those people who have a business need to know. In the event of a breach of data security, we will comply with all applicable rules and regulations, and when legally required, we will inform the individual whose data was subject to breach.
7. Data retention
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for.  Personal information of Customers may be held by us for an indefinite period to enable Delmhorst to fulfil Customer needs, and for marketing purposes.  Personal information of Website Visitors may be held by us for an indefinite period, for monitoring and analyzing our Website usage, for IT security and to ensure compliance with our IT and communications policies.
Where you have chosen to unsubscribe from marketing communications, we will retain your contact details to ensure that you are not sent any further communications. This information will be held indefinitely.
8. Automated decision making
Automated decision-making means making a decision about you using no human involvement e.g. using profiles, algorithms, or computerized filtering equipment. No decision which has a significant impact on you will be made about you solely on the basis of automated decision making.
9. Changes to your data
If your personal information changes, please let us know by email at info@delmhorst.com, or by postal mail at the following address:  Compliance Officer for Data Protection, Delmhorst Instrument Co., 51 Indian Ln E, Towaco, NJ 07082.
10. Your rights
By law you may have the right to:
a)         be informed about the data we hold on you and what we do with it;
b)         access to the data we hold on you. You can request access to the data we hold on you at any time, by email at info@delmhorst.com, or by postal mail at the following address:  Compliance Officer for Data Protection, Delmhorst Instrument Co., 51 Indian Ln E, Towaco, NJ 07082.
c)         any inaccuracies in the data we hold on you, however they come to light, to be corrected. This is also known as ‘rectification’;
d)         have data deleted in certain circumstances. This is also known as ‘erasure’;
e)         restrict the processing of the data;
f)          transfer the data we hold on you to another party. This is also known as ‘portability’;
g)         object to the inclusion of any information;
h)         regulate any automated decision-making and profiling of personal data.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party or request the reconsideration of an automated decision, please contact our CODP by email at info@delmhorst.com, or by postal mail at the following address:  Compliance Officer for Data Protection, Delmhorst Instrument Co., 51 Indian Ln E, Towaco, NJ 07082.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Where you have provided your consent to the collection, processing and transfer of your personal information for a specific purpose, you have the right to withdraw your consent for that specific processing at any time. To withdraw your consent, please contact our CODP by email at info@delmhorst.com, or by postal mail at the following address:  Compliance Officer for Data Protection, Delmhorst Instrument Co., 51 Indian Ln E, Towaco, NJ 07082. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to.
11. Making a complaint
If you have any concerns over how we use your data, please contact our CODP in the first instance by email at info@delmhorst.com, or by postal mail at the following address:  Compliance Officer for Data Protection, Delmhorst Instrument Co., 51 Indian Ln E, Towaco, NJ 07082.
12. Cookies
For information about the cookies that we use on our website and in our communications, please see our Cookie Policy.
Contact Us for More Information
Moisture Meters
Agriculture
Building Inspection
Flooring & Wood Products
Leather
Moisture Transmitters
Paper
Restoration
Temperature / RH
Support
Correction Tables
FAQs
Product Resources
PC Applications
MAP Program
Returns, Service & Warranty
Speak To A Specialist
Resources
About Us
Become a Distributor
News & Events
Blog
eGuides
Contact Us
Follow Us On:
Newsletter
Sign up now to receive updates on our latest blogs and news.
Subscribe to Email Updates
Partnerships
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020 Delmhorst Instrument Co.