https://www.alorica.com/privacy-policy/
English
Contact
Say Hello
1-866.alorica (866.256.7422)
Email Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Updated: 12/23/19
We respect and protect your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to explain to you, with respect to the website, what types of information about you we may collect, and how we may use and disclose your information. It is also our goal to explain who you can contact concerns you may have regarding your personal information. Please note that your use of our website (“Site”) signifies your agreement to be bound by the most recent version of this Privacy Statement. Accordingly, when you use our website, you should check the date of this Privacy Statement at the top and review any changes we have made from the previous version.
In order to make sure that your data is being kept safe, we have also implemented applicable requirements of Regulation 2016/679 EU (the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR”), adopted by the European Union, which is in force as of 25 May 2018 and the Philippine Republic Act No. 10173 also known as the  Data Privacy Act of 2012 or DPA.
Just visiting the Website?
Our website allows you to learn about what Alorica offers, for both customers and employees. In general, you can visit our website without revealing any information about yourself. By visiting a website, there will be IP addresses shared and logged as part of the process. However, we do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so you will remain anonymous to us. In addition, cookies may be created and shared as part of the browsing process. However, we do no use cookies to attempt to identify you or track your individual activity on our website.
We may collect information through cookies and other data technologies from our website visitors in an aggregate and non-identifiable way. We may use such aggregate non-identifiable information from our website visitors to help us design and provide better customer service and experience on our website. For example, we may analyze such collection of non-identifiable information to examine how many visits a certain page on our website gets per day.
Protecting Children’s On-line Privacy
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), and in particular, recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of children. Accordingly, our website does not intend to target or attract children, and pursuant to COPPA, we will not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe a child has used or is using Alorica’s website, please contact us, and we will take appropriate and prompt measures to delete any information related to the child.
Links to non-Alorica websites
Our website may contain links to other third-party websites, including social media sites like Facebook and LinkedIn. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other websites when you access them from our website. As such, we encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third-party website you may access from our Site.
When you provide Personal Information to Alorica
What is Personal Information?
Personal Information is basically any information that identifies you. Examples of Personal Information you may send to Alorica include job applicant information, such as your resume, and contact information.
In general, you can use our website without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when you may want to send your information to us.
When and how do we collect or use your Personal Information?
You may choose to give us personal information in a variety of situations. For example, you may give us your contact information (e.g. your name, address, or e-mail address) for us to correspond with you regarding our Services and Products. Another situation where you may provide us with your personal information is when you give us a description of your education and work experience for a potential employment opportunity at Alorica. In any event, you will be providing the information to us directly.
For potential employment opportunity
You may provide us with your personal information, such as a resume, curriculum vitae, and/or security number in connection with a potential employment opportunity at Alorica, whether advertised on the Alorica website or otherwise. We may use this information throughout Alorica for the purpose of your employment consideration. We also may share and use the information on your job application with third parties/suppliers, such as background services and our affiliates, to evaluate and analyze your potential employment. Unless you expressly instruct us otherwise, we may keep the information you provide us in connection to your job application for your future employment consideration at Alorica.
In addition, if personal data is provided as part of an employment opportunity covered under the GDPR, then the specific Alorica recruiting process for that opportunity may provide additional disclosures at the time of obtaining that data.
To comply with the Law
Please be aware that in certain circumstances, such as law-related investigations, we may have to disclose your information to comply with the law, regulations and other lawful requirements
How do we protect your personal information?
Using Information Security and Quality technology
We intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its integrity. We implement commercially standard measures and processes, such as using encryption when transmitting sensitive information, with the goal of maintaining and securing the privacy of your information. However, please be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As such, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Therefore, the Terms of Use, Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitations of Liability in this Site Terms of Use apply.
How about when third party Suppliers are involved?
In some cases, in the ordinary course of business (e.g. checking your information with a background services provider in connection to your job application), we may use suppliers to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process information on our behalf. It is our policy and practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with our security measures and processes.
When you contact us
You may communicate us, and we may respond to you, via e-mail, telephone, mail, or fax in connection to your inquiry. To the extent your contact with us: 1) processes personal data from you as a data subject and is covered under the GDPR or DPA, 2) is where Alorica would be the data controller and not a processor for its customers, and 3) is not covered by another specific disclosure at the time of contact; then we want to share the following information with you:
You are about to submit data to Alorica Inc. (“Alorica”) that may be subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or to any of Alorica’s Philippine affiliates that are subject to the Philippine Data Privacy Act (“DPA”). The data controller for your data will be Alorica Inc for those covered by the GDPR or any of Alorica’s Philippine affiliates for those covered by the DPA. Personal data questions related to GDPR may be directed to privacy@alorica.com while those related to the DPA may be directed to the Philippine Data Protection Officers (Karen Tomas or Bituin Bautista) at data.privacy@alorica.com. The processing of your data is necessary for the legitimate interest of responding to your inquiry, and it will be kept for the time set out in the applicable document retention policy.
The recipients or categories of recipients of your personal data will be personnel of Alorica Bulgaria or Alorica’s Philippine affiliates engaged in responding to inquiries from the website, including but not limited to employee recruitment. In the course of responding to your inquiry, your personal data may be shared with other companies within the group of Alorica. All such companies will have implemented adequate measures for protection of your personal data.
Subject to limitations set forth in the GDPR and the DPA, with respect to your personal data being processed, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction, portability, and to object to processing. You have the right to lodge a complaint with your appropriate supervisory authority. The provision of your personal data will be required to respond to your inquiry. If you do not provide your personal data, or if your personal data is erased at your request, then we may not be able to respond to your inquiry.
Have any general privacy policy questions or concerns?
If you need to contact us, or have any questions regarding your personal information and this Privacy Statement, please contact us by email at privacy@alorica.com (Bulgaria), data.privacy@alorica.com (Philippines), or by mail to the following address:
Alorica Inc.,
5161 California Avenue, Suite 100
Irvine, CA 92617
California Consumer Privacy Act Notice
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
This Notice applies solely to customers of our clients who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”) We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Alorica is not a “Business” as defined in the CCPA as it does not alone, or jointly with others, determine the purpose and means of the processing of consumers’ personal information. Nevertheless, Alorica strives to maintain its status as a helpful and informative corporate citizen and hereby provides the following information regarding information it gathers on behalf of its clients. Further, although Alorica is not a “Business” as defined in the CCPA, it will reply to written requests for information in order to maintain transparency and to reply to legitimate requests from California consumers.
Information We Collect for our Clients
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal
identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email
address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s
license number, passport number, or other similar
identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information
categories listed in the California Customer
Records statute (Cal. Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical
characteristics or description, address, telephone number,
passport number, driver’s license or state identification card
number, insurance policy number, education, employment,
employment history, bank account number, credit card
number, debit card number, or any other financial
information, medical information, or health insurance
information. Some personal information included in this
category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification
characteristics under
California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin,
citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical
condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including
gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or
childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual
orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial
information
Records of personal property, products or services
purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or
consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological
characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a
template or other identifier or identifying information, such
as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina
scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep,
health, or exercise data.
NO
F. Internet or other similar
network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a
consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or
advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
NO
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar
information.
YES
I. Professional or
employment-related
information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
YES
J. Non-public education
information (per the
Family Educational Rights
and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R.
Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained
by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf,
such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules,
student identification codes, student financial information,
or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from
other personal
information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics,
psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes,
intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
NO
Personal information does not include: Publicly available information from government records; Deidentified or aggregated consumer information; Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like: health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data or personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: directly from you; indirectly from you, our clients, or their agents, for example, through information we collect from our clients in the course of providing services to them; and, directly and indirectly from activity on our website, computers, and phones. For example, from submissions through our website portal or website usage details collected automatically.
Use of Personal Information
We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: to fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided, for example, as part of the services that Alorica offers to its clients, when you provide us with personal information as part of a transaction or inquiry, we will use that information to verify identity, retrieve account information, process payment, or respond to your inquiry; to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any client contracts entered into services; for quality assurance and regulatory compliance; as necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our clients or others; to respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulation; as described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA; and to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose only as directed by Alorica’s client in connection with the account you have with that client or to further the services you receive or have received from that client. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.
Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category I: Professional or employment-related information.
We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: Our affiliates; Service providers; and Third parties to whom you authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with employment, products, or services we provide to you. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information. Alorica does not sell any personal information for any purpose whatsoever.
Your Rights and Choices
Although Alorica is not a “Business” as defined in the CCPA, it will attempt to provide responses to legitimate and verified written requests for information pursuant to the CCPA. The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. Please be advised that Alorica will generally deny a request to delete information if you are a current customer of one of Alorica’s clients or if you are a former customer of one of Alorica’s clients due to compliance with a legal obligation or to make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: Emailing us at CCPArequest@alorica.com or calling us at 1-888-206-3725. Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12 month period. The verifiable consumer request must: (i) Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and (ii) Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically determined by the method of submitting the verifiable consumer request. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Discrimination
The California Consumer Privacy Act prohibits us from discriminating against you in any way should you exercise any of the rights set forth above.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this notice, we will notify you through a notice on our website homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us by sending a verifiable consumer request to us by either: emailing us at CCPArequest@alorica.com, or calling us at 1-888-206-3725.
Customer Service Solutions
Customer Experience Management
Customer Care Services
Revenue Generation
Technical Support Services and Solutions
Omnichannel
Healthcare Customer Service Solutions
Payer
Pharmacy Benefits Manager (PBM) Solutions
Provider
COVID-19 Contact Tracing
Financial Solutions
Early Intervention
First Party Collections
Fraud
Financial Solutions Back Office
Credit Services
PayNow
Loan Servicing
Analytics & Digital Solutions
Customer Analytics
Intelligent Automation
AI Chatbots
Back Office
Content Moderation
Delivery Models
Alorica Anywhere
Industries
Communications
Healthcare
Media & Entertainment
Financial Services
Retail & eCommerce
Transportation & Logistics
Technology
Travel & Hospitality
Energy & Utilities
Public Sector
Company
Our Leadership
Our People
Global Delivery
North America
Latin America & The Caribbean
Asia-Pacific
Europe
Work-At-Home
Insights
Case Studies
White Papers
eBooks
Infographics
Videos
Blog
Fact Sheet
Outsourcing Glossary
News Center / Noticias
News
Press Releases
Blog
Local News
Noticias
Careers
North America
Europe
Latin America & The Caribbean
Philippines
Japan
China
India
Work-At-Home
Classroom2Career
Corporate
Alorica Talent Network
Our Leadership
Our People
Who is Alorica?
English (English)
We use cookies to improve user experience, and analyze website traffic. For these reasons, we may share your site usage data with our analytics partners. By clicking “Accept Cookies,” you consent to store on your device all the technologies described in our Privacy Policy. You can change your cookie settings at any time by managing them in browser settings.Acccept Cookies Privacy PolicyManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.