https://www.haggar.com/customer-service/returns/return-policy.html?lang=default
Home
Customer Service
Return Policy
Secondary Navigation
My Account
Opening An Account
Managing Your Account
Secure Shopping Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Your Order
Order Status
Cancellations
Valid Payment Methods
Tracking Your Order
Shipping
Shipping Methods & Costs
Shipping Rules & Restrictions
Tracking An Order
Item Availability
Returns
Return Policy
Credit
Gift Services
Online Gift Certificates
Corporate Information
FAQ/Contact Us
California Transparency in Supply Chain Act of 2010 (SB 657)
Sponsorships
Haggar Product Collections
Affiliate Program
Haggar Q Guarantee
Payment
Payment Options
Sales Tax
Discounts & Codes
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
Secure Shopping Guarantee
Need Help?
If you have any question
or need help with your
account, you may Contact Us
to assist you.
Customer Service
Open Everyday
8am - Midnight EST
(877) 841-2219
Return Policy
We want you to love your purchases from Haggar.com. If you are not fully satisfied with something you have purchased, you may return it within 90 days after the delivery date.
We realize many customers have been impacted by COVID-19. Haggar is temporarily extending our return policy by 60 days. This means you have 150 days or 5 months, after the delivery date, to return your items to Haggar.
To make things easy, Haggar.com even offers return service free of charge. Included in every package is a prepaid label. The item must be returned in new condition, with all tags and labels attached, in the original container (whenever possible), and with a copy of your order receipt to ensure credit.
Only products purchased on Haggar.com should be returned. For issues with orders placed on partner retail sites (i.e., JCP.com, Kohls.com, Amazon.com etc.), please email Customer Service or call 1-877-841-2219 and we’ll be happy to help.
How to return a product(s)?
Locate prepaid label inside of package
Select the reason for your return on the label
Place label on your return package
Drop off return package at any FedEx location
Example of the bottom of purchase receipt:
Don't have your receipt or return label?
If you are not in possession of your receipt or return label you have two easy options:
You may log into your account and request a new return label directly from your Order History.
Call Customer Service (877) 841-2219 and they can assist by emailing you a new return label.