https://www.thermofloc.com/en/privacy-policy
Please contact usWe're looking forward to your contact
0800 4177277Germany
+43 4245 6201International
I would like to be contacted by phone
I would like to be contacted by email
Send me information
I would like to make an appointment with a sales partner
I agree to receive emails from Peter Seppele Ges.m.b.H. about the products and news of Thermofloc according to the privacy policy. I understand that I can unsubscribe from this service at any time.
I have read the privacy policy.
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Peter Seppele Gesellschaft m.b.H.Bahnhofstraﬂe 79, 9710 Feistritz/Drau
Privacy policy for the WEBSITE (pdf)
Privacy policy for WEB ANALYTICS (pdf)
Privacy policy for SOCIAL MEDIA, YOUTUBE and GOOGLE MAPS (pdf)
Privacy policy for EMAILS (pdf)
Privacy policy for the SUBMISSION (pdf)
Privacy Policy for the WEBSITE
ß1 Information about the collection of personal data
(1) In the following, we provide information on how personal data is gathered when our website is used. Personal data refers to all data that can be personally related to you, e.g. name, address, e-mail addresses, user behavior.
(2) The controller pursuant to Art. 4 (7) EU General Data Protection Regulation is Mag. Peter Seppele, Bahnhofstraﬂe 79, 9710 Feistritz an der Drau, peter.seppele@seppele.at (see our imprint). You can contact our Data Protection Officer by e-mail to datenschutz@seppele.at or by using the postal address including the words ìData Protectionì.
(3) If you contact us via e-mail or via the contact form, we will store the information you have provided (your e-mail address, name, address and phone number, where applicable) in order to answer your questions. We will delete the data generated for this purpose once its retention is no longer required or restrict the processing thereof where statutory retention requirements apply.
(4) If we rely on commissioned service providers for individual parts of our offering or wish to use your data for advertising purposes, we will inform you in detail below about the respective processes. We will also list the criteria specified for the duration of retention.
ß2 Your rights
(1) You have the following rights with respect to us regarding the personal data relating to you:
the right to information,
the right to rectification or erasure,
the right to restriction of processing,
the right to object to processing,
the right to data portability.
(2) You also have the right to submit a complaint to the Austrian Data Protection Authority (www.dsb.gv.at) regarding our processing of your personal data.
ß3 Collection of personal data when visiting our website
(1) In cases where the website is used for information only, i.e. if you do not register yourself or provide us with information in any other way, we will only collect the personal data transmitted by your browser to our server. If you wish to view our website, we collect the following data required for technical purposes to display our website and ensure its stability and security (pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 clause 1 lit. f of the EU-GDPR):
IP address
Request date and time
Time zone difference with Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (actual page)
Access status/HTTP status code
Corresponding data volume transferred
Website from which access was initiated
Browser
Operating system and its interface
Language and version of the browser software.
(2) In addition to the a fore mentioned data, cookies are stored on your computer when using our website. Cookies are small text files stored on your hard disk and assigned to your browser through which certain information is transmitted to the entity placing the cookie (here: by us). Cookies cannot run programs or transfer viruses to your computer. Their purpose is to make the website offering more user-friendly and effective.
(3) Use of cookies:
a) This website uses the following types of cookies. Their scope and function is explained as follows:
Transient Cookies (see b)
Persistent Cookies (see c).
b) Transient Cookies are automatically deleted when you close the browser. These include in particular the session cookies. Session cookies store a so-called ìsession IDî to allocate different requests from your browser to a common session. It enables us to recognize your device when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
c) Persistent Cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period of time that may vary depending on the type of cookie. You may delete the cookies any time in the security settings of your browser.
d) You can configure your browser settings according to your individual preferences and decline to accept third party cookies or cookies in general, for example. Please be informed that, in this case, you may not be able to use all features of this site.
e) We use cookies in order to identify you for follow-up visits if you have an account with us. Otherwise, you would have to log in again whenever you visit our website.
Privacy policy for WEB ANALYTICS
(1) This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", which are text files that are stored on your computer and enable your use of the website to be analyzed. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on a server in the United States. If the IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will first be truncated by Google within the area of member states of the European Union or in other signatory states of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating how you use this website, compiling reports on website activities and providing further services relating to website activity and internet usage for the website operator.
(2) The IP address transmitted by your browser within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with other data held by Google.
(3) You can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, please note that, if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google logging and processing the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
(4) This website uses Google Analytics with the extension ì_anonymizeIp()ì. This means that IP addresses will first be truncated before being processed so that the individual users cannot be identified. If and to the extent that the data collected about you involve a reference to you as a person, such reference will therefore be immediately excluded and the personally identifiable data are thereby promptly deleted.
(5) We use Google Analytics to analyze and improve our website on a regular basis. The statistic data obtained help us improve our offering and make it more interesting for you as user. For those exceptional cases where personal data is transferred to the United States, Google has subjected itself to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework. The legal basis for using Google Analytics is Art. 6 Para. 1 Clause 1 lit f of the EU-GDPR.
(6) Information about the third party service provider: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of service: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, data protection overview:http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as the data privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
Privacy policy for Social Media, YouTube, GoogleMaps
1. Use of social media plug-ins
(1) Our website currently uses the following social media plug-ins: Facebook, YouTube, Google+, Twitter, Xing, T3N, LinkedIn, Flattr. In this context we use a so-called ì2 click solutionì. This means that, when visiting our site, as a rule no personal data will be passed on to the providers of the plug-ins. You can identify the plug-in provider through its initials or the logo shown on the marking on the box. We offer you the possibility to communicate directly with the provider of the plug-in via this button. Only if you click on the marked field and thereby activate it, the plug-in provider receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our online offer. In addition, the data mentioned under ß3 of this Policy will be transmitted. In the case of Facebook and Xing, the providers in Austria informed us that the IP-address will be anonymized immediately after data collection. This means that, by activating the plug-in, personal data from you will be transferred to the respective plug-in provider and stored there (for US providers in the USA). Since the plug-in providers mainly use cookies for data collection, we recommend you to delete all cookies via your browser's security settings before clicking on the grey box.
(2) We do not have any influence on the data collected and data processing operations, nor are we aware of the full extent of data collection, the purposes of their processing and the storage periods. We also do not have any information about the deletion of the data collected by the plug-in provider.
(3) The plug-in provider stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data analysis (also for users who are not logged in) is done to provide needs-oriented advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact the respective plug-in provider. With these plug-ins, you can interact with social networks and other users allowing us to improve our offering and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for using plug-ins is Art. 6 Para.1 clause 1 lit. f of the GDPR.
(4) Data are transferred regardless of whether you have an account with the plug-in provider and are logged into that account or not. If you are logged in with the plug-in provider, your data collected with us will be directly assigned to your existing account with the plug-in provider. If you click the activated button and, for example, link to that page, the plug-in provider will also store that information in your user account and share it publicly with your contacts. We recommend that you log out regularly after using a social network, especially before activating the button, as this way you can avoid being assigned to your profile with the plug-in provider.
(5) For more information on the purpose and extent of data collection and data processing by the plug-in provider, please refer to the privacy policies of these providers as notified below. They also offer further information about your rights concerning this matter and setting options available to protect your privacy.
(6) Addresses of the respective plug-in providers and URL for their data protection information:
Facebook lnc., 1601 S California Ave, Polo Alto, California†94304, USA; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php; more information on data collection: http://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084, http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on≠other#applications and†http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your≠-info#everyoneinfo.Facebook has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy- Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US≠Framework.
Google lnc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA;https://www.google.com/policies/privacy /partners/?hl=de. Google has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Twitter, lnc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; https://twitter.com/privacy. Twitter has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield,https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Xing AG, G‰nsemarkt 43, 20354 Hamburg, DE;http://www.xing.com/privacy.
T3N, yeebase media GmbH, Kriegerstr. 40, 30161 Hannover, Deutschland; https://t3n.de/store/page/datenschutz.
Linkedln Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA; http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy≠policy. Linkedln has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Flattr Network Ltd. mit Sitz in 2 nd Floor, White bear yard 114A, Clerkenwell Road, London, Middlesex, England, ECl R 5DF, Groﬂbritannien; https://flattr.com/privacy.]
2. AddThis-Bookmarking
(1) Our websites in addition feature ìAddThisîplug-ins. These plug-ins allow you to set bookmarks or share interesting website content. With these plug-ins, you can interact with social networks and other users allowing us to improve our offering and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for using plug-ins is Art. 6 Para.1 clause 1 lit. f of the GDPR.
(2) Your internet browser uses these plug-ins to establish a direct connection to the servers of AddThis and, where applicable, to the selected socialnetwork or bookmarking service. The receivers are informed that you have accessed the corresponding website of our online offering and receive the data listed under ß 3 of this policy. This information is processed on the servers of AddThis in the USA. [We concluded standard data protection agreements with AddThis.]. When you send contents from our website to social networks or bookmarking services, a connection between your visit of our website and your user profile with the respective network can be established. We have no influence on the data collected and the processing of such data nor do we know about the full scope of data collection, the purpose of data processing or the storage periods. We also have no information about the deletion of the data collected by the plug-in provider.
(3) The plug-in provider stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data analysis (also for users who are not logged in) is done to provide needs-oriented advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact the respective plug-in provider.
(4) If you donít want to participate in this process, you can object to data collection and storage any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out cookie: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/opt-out. Alternatively, you can set your browser in such a way that it prevents the setting of cookies.
(5) More information about the purpose and scope of the collection and processing of data by the plug-in provider as well as further information about your rights in this respect and the setting options available to protect your privacy can be obtained from: AddThis LLC, 1595 Spring Hill Road, Sweet 300, Vienna, VA 22182, USA, www.addthis.com/privacy.
3. Integration of YouTube videos
(1) We integrated YouTube videos into our online offering. These videos are saved under http://www.YouTube.com and can be started directly from our website. [They are all integrated into our ìextended data protection modeî, i.e. no data referring to you as a user is transferred to YouTube if you donít open these videos. Only when you open the videos, the data specified under Paragraph 2 will be transferred. We have no influence on this data transfer.]
(2) By visiting the website, YouTube is informed that you have accessed the corresponding sub-page of our website. In addition, the data listed under ß3 of this Policy is transmitted. This is done irrespective whether YouTube provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no such user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be directly assigned to your account. If you donít want this assignment to your profile with YouTube, you have to log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data analysis (also for users who are not logged in) is done to provide needs-oriented advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact YouTube.
(3) More information about the purpose and scope of the collection and processing of data by YouTube is provided in their privacy policy. This is also where you can find further information about your rights and the setting options available to protect your privacy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the United States and has undertaken to comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield,https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
4. Integration of Google Maps
(1) On this website we use the services offered by Google Maps. That way, we can show you interactive maps directly on our website and give you the possibility of conveniently using the map functionality.
(2) By visiting the website, Google is informed that you have accessed the corresponding sub-page of our website. In addition, the data listed under ß3 of this Policy is transmitted. This is done irrespective of whether Google provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no such user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be directly assigned to your account. If you donít want this assignment to your profile with Google, you have to log out before activating the button.
Google stores your data as user profiles and uses them for advertising, market research and/or the customized design of its website. In particular, such data (also for users who are not logged in) is analyzed to provide individualized advertising and inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of such user profiles. To exercise this right, you have to contact Google.
(3) More information about the purpose and scope of the collection and processing of data by the plug-in provider is available in the providerís privacy policy. This is also where you can find further information about your rights and the setting options available to protect your privacy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the US and has undertaken to comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
Privacy policy
We process the following categories of personal data about you (personal data which are not considered sensitive), insofar as they have been made available to us or provided by you:
name, first name, profession/job title, function
business address, contact details (phone number, fax number, e-mail address), IP addresses
You have voluntarily provided us with personal data about you and we will process that information based on your consent for the following purposes:
care of the company or the customer as well as
for own advertising purposes, e.g. for the sending of offers, advertising leaflets and newsletters (in print and electronic format) for our business segments waste management, fuels [solid/liquid] and fiber insulating material as well as for the reference to the customerís existing or former business relationship.
You can revoke this consent at any time. A revocation means that we will no longer process your data from this point in time for the above mentioned purposes. For a revocation, please contact: datenschutz@seppele.at.
In the event of a contract being concluded, all data will be stored in accordance with the statutory retention requirements for period of 7 (seven) years. Thereafter, the data is automatically deleted. In case that no contractual relationship exists or no suitable position can be offered, your data will automatically be deleted after 72 months. Unless a deletion is demanded at an earlier occasion where there is no contractual relationship. Then a deletion is accomplished within 30 days after the request was made.
In the event of a contract award, we will transfer your data out of particular occasion or in response of orders to the following recipients, that is, business partners and/or data processors.
Legal instructionAs a basic principle, you have the right to information, correction, deletion, restriction, data portability, revocation and objection.
Please contact us if you require any of these at:
Peter Seppele Ges.m.b.H. /DatenschutzBahnhofstr. 79 / 9710 Feistritz an der Draudatenschutz@seppele.at
If you believe that your data is being processed in a manner which violates data protection law or that your data protection rights have been violated in any other way, you are entitled to file a complaint with the supervisory authority. For Austria this is the Austrian Data Protection Authority (see http://dsb.gv.at).
back