https://www.pmiservices.com/privacy-policy/
CALL US TODAY
855.910.5788
MENU
Industry Expertise
Overview
Machine Shops
Metal Goods Manufacturing
Electroplaters
Foundries
Plastic
Goods Manufacturing
Sheet Metal Shops
Tool Manufacturing
Valve Manufacturing
Wire Goods Manufacturing
Metal Grinding Shops
Metal Service Centers/Distributors
Manufacturing Tips
Commercial Insurance
Products
Overview
General Liability
Property Insurance
Equipment Breakdown
Workers’ Compensation
Commercial Automobile
Executive Liability (D&O, EPLI, Entity, Fiduciary)
Manufacturers Errors & Omissions (E&O)
International Liability, Kidnap & Ransom
Services
Risk Management
Loss Control
Claims Management
Policy Reviews
Regulatory Compliance Audits
ManufacSurance®
Employee Benefits
Products
Overview
PMBT
Health Insurance
Dental & Vision
Life Insurance, Key Man & Buy-Sell
Voluntary Benefits
401(k) & Profit Sharing
Services
Employee Benefits Services
HR Services
Products
Overview
HR Outsourcing
HR Information System (HRIS) with Integrated Payroll Solution
Employee Handbook
HR Audits & Compliance Review
Harassment Prevention Training
Hiring Practices
Affirmative Action Plan
Who We Are
Overview
Why Use PMIS
Our Team
Testimonials
Blog
Resources
Employment Opportunities
Links
We’ll Make A Difference
In Your Insurance Program
Security Verification
Get Started Now
Privacy Policy
We Protect the Future of Manufacturers.
Endorsed by
Privacy & Security Policy
We would like to take this opportunity to both thank you for visiting our website and to share with you the importance Precision Insurance Manufacturing Services places upon protecting your private information.
Collection of Information:
While you are visiting our website, we may or may not collect personal/confidential information–written, in-person, telephone, facsimile, electronically and online—that may assist us in preparing a quote for you and in helping us to negotiate with our carriers on your behalf. The personal information we collect may include your name, address, policy or claim information, financial or other information as may be required by our underwriters.
We also collect personal information about you from the following sources:
Applications or other forms such as claims forms or underwriting questionnaires that you submit to us and others;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others; and
Third party information from public sources such as the internet or governmental agencies.
Disclosure of Information:
We assure you that is not our policy to share your private information with non-affiliated third parties other than as permitted or required by law. For example, we may share all of the information listed above with non-affiliated third parties for, including but not limited to, the following reasons:
The information is essential in servicing or processing the insurance needs of our clients in a way that is customary and necessary among independent insurance agents in our industry. Our services and processes might include, for example, but are not limited to, underwriting, obtaining renewal terms, rating, placement and providing quotes for insurance that is germane to the coverage the customer places with our company.
Information necessary to protect the confidentiality or security of our client’s records.
Information necessary to resolve client disputes or inquiries.
Information required by individuals or entities who are assessing our legal compliance.
Information required for us to comply with the law.
Information necessary to protect against or prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims or other liability.
Protection of Information:
Our Company maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with state and federal regulations to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
We appreciate your business and in order to continue building upon that relationship, believe it is necessary not only from a legal standpoint but also as a sound business practice that you, our customer, understand the care our agency uses in handling your information. Our Company will continue to monitor the effectiveness of this privacy policy.
TweetShareSharePin0 Shares
What's New
October 5, 2020FFCRA AND RETURN TO SCHOOLOctober 5, 2020JOINT-EMPLOYER STATUSOctober 5, 2020CALIFORNIA EXPANDS STATE LEAVE LAW (CFRA)June 30, 2020PMIS’ Own “HR Guru”
Contact Us Today
Give us a call at 626.217.9000 and start enjoying the peace of mind that comes from knowing you are insured by manufacturing specialists.
626.217.9999
Orange County Office
1820 E. First Street Suite 420
Santa Ana, CA 92705
P: 626.217.9000 | F: 626.217.9999
Ventura County Office
2001 Anchor Court Unit A
Thousand Oaks, CA 91320
P: 626.217.9000 | F: 626.217.9999
Sacramento County Office
1776 Fern Way
Arnold, CA 95223
P: 626.217.9000 | F: 626.217.9999
QUICK LINKS
Industry Expertise
Commercial Insurance
Employee Benefits
HR Services
Affirmative Action Plan
Who We Are
Blog
Newsletters
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site Map
License# 0G98513
Copyright ©2020
Precision Manufacturing Insurance ServicesAll Rights Reserved