http://www.soaperschoice.com/conditions-of-use
Conditions of UseCFC, INC.’S TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USEYour use of this site, which is provided by CFC, Inc., is expressly conditional upon your acceptance of the following terms and conditions. By using this site you signify your consent to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not agree with any part of the following terms and conditions you must not use this site. We may change these terms and conditions from time to time, and at any time without notice to you, by posting such changes on the Site and/or on any registration sites.Some areas of the site require registration. By completing the initial registration form and by entering your email address and password, you will be deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. Also, by subscribing to any of our email services, you are deemed to have accepted these terms and conditions. If you register with this site, you should read our privacy policy.  Our privacy policy is available at https://soaperschoice.com/privacy-policy.CFC, Inc.Terms and ConditionsLast updated: January 1, 2020Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the www.soaperschoice.com website (the "Service") operated by CFC, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our").Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service. Accessing Our SiteCurrently, you must be at least eighteen (18) years of age or older and live in the United States in order to use this website or any Registration Site. If you are under the age of 18, you are hereby expressly notified that you are not permitted to provide any information through this website, for any purpose, including seeking information or services. We are not responsible for monitoring or seeking verification of user qualification or age. However, if we discover that a user is accessing this website in violation of these Terms of Use, we may immediately take action to terminate such access if possible. We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause.PurchasesIf you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.You represent and warrant that: (i) you have the legal right to use any credit card(s) or other payment method(s) in connection with any Purchase; and that (ii) the information you supply to us is true, correct and complete.The service may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.Your credit card statement will reflect that the purchase was made from Columbus Vegetable Oils (CVO), which owns the brand Soaper's Choice.  Your credit card statement will not say the purchase is made from Soaper's Choice.Availability, Errors, and InaccuraciesWe are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites. The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.AccountsWhen you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.Intellectual Property and Exclusive Ownership RightsThe Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of CFC, Inc. and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of CFC, Inc.We solely own and control all copyright and intellectual property rights on our Site and Registration Sites or have received the permission to use them from other third parties. We do not grant or imply any ownership of the Site or the Registration Sites to you. You may view the content on the Site or a Registration Site on your personal computer or other internet device and make copies or prints of the content on the Site or a Registration Site for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not otherwise copy, reproduce, distribute or otherwise exploit any content, code, data or materials on the Site or any Registration Site. If you make other use of the Site, except as otherwise provided above, you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States and other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. We do not grant any license or other authorization to any user of our trade names, trademarks, service marks or other marks or logos, or those of our partners, without our separate express written agreement. Third-party marks are the property of their respective owners.Links To Other Web SitesOur Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by CFC, Inc.CFC, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.You acknowledge and agree that CFC, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.TerminationWe may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.Disclaimer of Warranties All content, materials and services provided on this Site and Registration  Sites, without limitation, are given on an "as is” and "as available" basis, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranty for information, data processing services, uninterrupted access, or any warranties concerning the availability, accuracy, usefulness, or content of information, and any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. We hereby disclaim any and all such warranties, express and implied. We do not warrant that the Site, Registration Sites or the services, content, functions or materials contained therein will be timely or secure or continue uninterrupted or error-free or that defects will be corrected. We make no warranty that the Site or any Registration Site will meet users' requirements. If you should be dissatisfied with the Site, your sole remedy is to discontinue use. You should not rely on the Site or Registration Site to maintain any user data. You should retain all such data and information in your own records for use in the event that the Site fails or is unavailable, or the data or information is lost.IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless CFC, Inc. and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password, or b) a breach of these Terms.Limitation of LiabilityTo the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, in no event shall we or any of our directors, officers, or employees, or those of our agents, affiliates, or content or service providers (hereinafter associated entities) be liable for damages of any kind whatsoever including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive arising from, or directly or indirectly related to, your use of or inability to use this Site or its content, materials and functions. Without limitation, no liability shall arise from any loss of revenue or anticipated profits or lost business or lost sales, even if we and/or our associated entities are advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusions of certain implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. In such case, the maximum liability of us shall not exceed the amount paid by you for access to this Site and any Registration Site. In no event shall we or our associated entities be liable for any content posted, transmitted, exchanged or received by or on behalf of any user or other person on or through the Site or any Registration Site.DisclaimerYour use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.CFC, Inc. its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.ExclusionsSome jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.Governing LawThese Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.ChangesWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.Contact UsIf you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Loading
9.3.5.0 @ 11/25/2020 - 11:49 AM