http://www.usdigital.com/company/legal
We will be closed for the holidays from Wednesday, December 23rd, 2020 through Sunday, January 3rd, 2021.
Our offices reopen Monday, January 4th, 2021 at 6:30 am PST.
Thank you for your continued business and we look forward to serving you in the new year!
Important information regarding US Digital Coronavirus (COVID-19).
Home
Company
Legal
Legal
For details about US Digital legal policies, please visit the respective page via its read more link or the main navigation menu.
Privacy Policy
US Digital takes careful measures to ensure that your personal information is transmitted and stored securely and intact. This policy applies to digital information we receive by fax, email, online order or telephone. We respect our customers and website visitors and never share or sell information about them. Read more…
Terms and Conditions of Purchase
Certain terms and conditions are incorporated into all purchase orders issued by US Digital. When we place an order and a Supplier accepts it, standard Purchase Terms and Conditions set forth on this website are deemed to be agreed upon by the Supplier, considered in effect and become part of the order. Read more…
Terms and Conditions of Sale
US Digital products can be purchased by verbal order, written purchase order or faxed order form. A confirmation is provided for all orders received and no order shall be deemed accepted until this confirmation is sent. Upon acceptance, the Terms and Conditions of Sale set forth on the confirmation and on this website are agreed upon by the Buyer, considered in effect and form part of the order. Read more…
Website Disclaimer
No part of this website may be copied, altered or updated without the express written consent of US Digital. Information on this website is provided as a service to our customers for informational purposes only without warranty of any kind, either express or applied. Read more…
More in Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions of Purchase
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Website Disclaimer