https://www.echoice.com.au/cookie-policy/
Toggle navigation
eChoice
1300 302 914
Get My Report
About
About eChoice
eChoice Stories
Mortgage Brokers
Lender Panel
Calculators
Home Loan Rates
Borrowing Power
Loan Repayment
Stamp Duty
Buying Costs
Guides
Home Loan Guides
Home Loan FAQs
News
Broker Careers
Contact
Get My Report
Cookie Policy
Privacy & Security
Cookie Policy
Terms Of Use
Credit Guide
Editorial Guidelines
Dispute Resolution
About us
Finconnect provides Mortgage Broking services to consumers and Aggregation services to Finance Brokers and other intermediairies. This policy describes how your personal information is handled by us.
Cookies
An explanation of the types of cookies we use and why.
What are cookies?
Different types of cookies
How we use cookies
How to block or delete cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you access a website. As you browse, cookies gather and store some information about the way you use that website.
Cookies allow the website to recognise your device each time you visit, providing you with a better experience because the site learns your preferences as you browse. Some types of cookies also perform essential functions to enhance how the site works.
Different types of cookies
Session cookies
Session cookies allow websites to track your movements from page to page and are used for a number of reasons, such as remembering items in a shopping cart. These cookies are usually erased when you close your web browser.
Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies are stored on your computer or mobile device between browser sessions for a pre-defined amount of time. These allow the site to remember user information or settings across the site, or in some cases across different websites. They also enable targeted advertising.
First and third party cookies
First party cookies are set by the website you’re browsing. Third party cookies come from other websites or servers, for functions such as advertising pop-ups or banners on the page you’re viewing.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies are either session or persistent cookies, and can be delivered by a first or third party. These cookies perform functions such as keeping your site visit secure and remembering you between pages, for example when you navigate from page to page in a session. Access to certain parts of Finconnect websites depends on these types of cookies.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies can be either session or persistent cookies, and can be delivered by a first or third party. They remember information such as usernames or language settings and may allow the site to display important alerts. These cookies aren’t considered necessary, and can be blocked by the user, although this may impact how the site functions.
Tracking and social cookies
These cookies can be either session or persistent cookies, and are delivered by a first or third party. They’re not essential for the function of the website, but may improve experience by providing content relevant to you and your interests.
How we use cookies
Finconnect uses a combination of the cookies listed depending on which parts of our sites you visit and what you’re trying to do. You can control how cookies are used on your computer or device by changing your browser settings.
Some of the cookies that Finconnect use are essential for protecting our customers’ financial and personal information.
How to block or delete cookies
Cookies are supported by most web browsers, but you can set your browser to block cookies and you can delete them whenever you like.
If you decide to delete or block certain cookies, your experience on Finconnect (and other Finconnect websites) may be limited, or you may find that some parts of the website won’t work, especially where cookies are used for security and fraud detection functions.
To change your web browser preferences:
Google Chrome
Open your Chrome browser > go to Customise and Control Google Chrome > Settings > Main Menu > Advanced > Privacy and Security > Content Settings > Cookies. Then you can choose your settings.
For more instructions visit how to adjust cookie settings on mobile devices.
Safari
Go to Settings > Safari > Preferences > Privacy. Then you can choose your settings.
For more information, including on mobile visit how to adjust cookie settings on Apple devices.
Internet Explorer and Edge
Open the browser > select Tools > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced. Then you can choose your settings.
For more information visit Microsoft Support.
Mozilla Firefox
Open Firefox > select Tools > Options > Privacy > Cookies. You can then choose your settings.
For more information visit Mozilla support.