http://www.anagousa.com/privacy-policy/
Open Accessibility Menu
Skip to Content
Skip to Menu
Increase Text Size
Clear All
Hide
Privacy Policy
We recognize that you may be concerned about our use and disclosure of your Personal Information (as defined below).
Your privacy is very important to us, and the following will inform you of the type of information that we may
collect from you, and how it is used. By using our website, www.anagocleaning.com  (including any mobile optimized version of
our site) (the “Website”), you are accepting the practices and policies described in this “Privacy
Policy.”
INFORMATION COLLECTION: We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of information that
identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked,
directly or indirectly, with you as a particular consumer or device (your “Personal Information”), which
we have grouped into the following categories:
Identity Data includes your real first and last name, alias, title, date of birth, gender, or unique
personal identifier.
Contact Data includes billing address, servicing address, email address, and telephone numbers.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, your browser type and version, time zone
setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, sensory data (e.g.,
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information), or other technology on the devices you
use to access the Website.
Usage Data includes information about how you use the Website, products, and services.
Employment Data includes the details of your past and current employment history, performance
evaluations, and/or education records.
Additionally, if you communicate with us regarding our Website or our services, we will collect any information that
you provide to us in any such communication.
We may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this
Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION USE: We use the Personal Information primarily for our own internal purposes, such as
providing, maintaining, evaluating, and improving our services and Website, fulfilling requests for information, and
providing customer support.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your Personal Information, and
which of the legal bases we rely on to do so.  We have also identified our legitimate interests where
appropriate.
Note that we may process your Personal Information for more than one lawful reason depending on the specific purpose
for which we are using your Personal Information. Please contact us if you would like additional information about
the specific legal basis on which we are relying to process your Personal Information where more than one reason has
been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of Data
Lawful Basis for Processing and Basis of Legitimate Interest
To register you as a new franchisee
(a)  Identity
(b)  Contact
Evaluation of your candidacy for a franchise
To provide you with a quote for our services upon your request
(a)  Identity
(b)  Contact
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to operate our business, offer our products, and perform our
services)
To manage our relationship with you, which includes:
(a)  Notifying you about changes to our terms or Privacy Policy
(b)  Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a)  Identity
(b)  Contact
(c)  Profile
(d)  Marketing and Communications
(a) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to conduct
product/service research)
To administer and protect our business and the Website (including troubleshooting, data analysis,
testing, system maintenance, support, reporting, and hosting of data)
(a)  Identity
(b)  Contact
(c)  Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and
IT services, network security, to prevent fraud, and in the context of a business reorganization or
group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to measure its success
(a)  Identity
(b)  Contact
(c)  Profile
(d)  Usage
(e)  Marketing and Communications
(f)   Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to conduct market research and improve our products/services)
To use data analytics to improve our Website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships,
and experiences
(a)  Technical
(b)  Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define conduct market research, to update our Website, and
to calibrate marketing strategy)
To provide suggestions and recommendations to you that you may find interesting
(a)  Identity
(b)  Contact
(c)  Technical
(d)  Usage
(e)  Profile
(f)   Marketing and Communications
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
SECURITY: We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the information submitted to
us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
If we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us
in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking
for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information
offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer
service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store
personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
COOKIES: We use "cookies" on this Website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's
hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when
we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while
on our Website. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience
on our Website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our Website.
SHARING: We will not sell or otherwise provide the information we collect to outside third parties
for the purpose of their direct or indirect mass email marketing.
We will disclose Personal Information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that
such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or
comply with legal process served on our company
Protect and defend the rights or property of our Website and related properties
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing our Website or
its related properties.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose Personal Information online - for example through e-mail,
discussion boards, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post
Personal Information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other
parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your Personal Information. Please be careful
and responsible whenever you are online.
LINKS: This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible
for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our
Website and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
SURVEYS & CONTESTS: From time-to-time our Website may request information via surveys or
contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to
participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as
name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age). Contact information will be used to
notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use
and satisfaction of this Website.
Your Legal Rights: Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in
relation to your Personal Information.  Please contact us via telephone at (800) 956-8532 or via mail
Anago Cleaning Systems, ATTN: Privacy Officer, 20 SW 27th Ave. Suite #300, Pompano Beach, FL 33069 if you would like
to:
Request access to your Personal Information – you will receive a copy of the Personal Information we
hold about you, which will allow you to check that we are lawfully processing it.  Upon your request, we will
provide you the following about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the previous twelve (12)
months:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you;
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share your Personal Information;
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; and
If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing: (i)
sales, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and (ii)
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of
recipient obtained.
Request correction of your Personal Information – this enables you to have any incomplete or
inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you
provide to us.
Request erasure of your Personal Information – this enables you to ask us to delete or remove
Personal Information where there is no good reason for us to continue processing it. You also have the right to
ask us to delete or remove your Personal Information where you have successfully exercised your right to object
to processing (see below), where we may have processed your Personal Information unlawfully or where we are
required to erase your Personal Information to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be
able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if
applicable, at the time of your request. For example, we may not be able to fulfill your request if retaining
the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected your Personal Information, provide a good or service
that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business
relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or
prosecute those responsible for such activities;
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or
exercise another right provided for by law;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest
that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may
likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously
provided informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your
relationship with us;
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which
you provided it; and
For California residents, comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal
Code § 1546 et. seq.);
Object to the processing of your Personal Information – if we are relying on a legitimate interest
(or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to
object to processing on this ground, you may object as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and
freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your Personal Information for direct
marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your
Personal Information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing your Personal Information – this enables you to ask us to suspend
the processing of your Personal Information in the following scenarios: (i) if you want us to establish the
data’s accuracy; (ii) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (iii)
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or
defend a legal claim; or (iv) if you have object to our use of your Personal Information but we need to verify
whether we have an overriding legitimate basis to use it.
Request transfer of your Personal Information – you may request to have your Personal Information
transferred to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal
Information in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to
automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to
perform a contract with you.
Withdraw your consent – when we are relying on consent to process your Personal Information, you
may withdraw or revoke your consent.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access
your Personal Information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that
Personal Information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask
you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if
your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and
keep you updated.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly
unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide
you with a cost estimate before completing your request
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: If you are a resident of California, you may have certain additional data
protection rights regarding the access, rectification, deletion, processing, storage, portability, transfer, and
restriction of your Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”).
In the past twelve (12) months, we have used names and email addresses to create marketing materials that we then
email to you using various third-party email distribution applications (for example, Constant Contact).
If you would like to make any of the requests detailed above, only you, or a person registered with the California
Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your Personal
Information. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a request for access twice within a 12-month period. The request must: (i) provide sufficient
information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or
an authorized representative; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly
understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the request’s receipt. The response we
provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
CONSENT: By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of information as specified
above. If we make changes to our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page. Please review this page
frequently to remain up-to-date with the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we
disclose it. You must review the new Privacy Policy carefully to make sure you understand our practices and
procedures.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this Privacy Policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at
(800) 956-8532 or via mail Anago Cleaning Systems, ATTN: Privacy Officer, 20 SW 27th Ave. Suite #300,
Pompano Beach, FL 33069
CONTACT FORM - INFORMATION: By entering your information you agree to receive emails, calls and/or
SMS messages from our team.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the
confidentiality of Personal Information is protected and maintained. we may change this Privacy Policy from time to
time at our sole discretion.