https://www.rwc.co.uk/about/privacy-policy/
MENU
Customers
Products
Sectors
About us
Resources
News
Contact
Home
About us
News
Home
About us
News
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This Privacy & Cookie Policy was last updated April 2018.
At Reliance UK we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy & Cookie Policy explains when & why we collect personal data, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose this data to others and how we keep it secure. We may change this policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. By using our website, you are agreeing to this policy. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy & Cookie Policy or our privacy practices, please contact our Marketing Team at marketing.uk@rwc.com.
What type of information is collected from you?
The personal information we collect might include your name, job title, contact information (phone, email & postal address), IP address and information regarding what Reliance UK website pages you may have accessed and when & how you may have accessed them.
How do we collect & process this information?
For Sales Transactions & Quoting Activities
To complete certain sales activities (such as generating quotes & invoices and organising product deliveries), we will require some personal information to be collected & processed. As part of the ‘Contractual Lawful Basis’ (GDPR), the information we request will only be information we require to complete sales activities and will not be used in any other capacity.
For Marketing Emails
If you sign up to the Reliance UK emailing list we may use your information to send promotional emails about out products, special offers or other information we think you may find interesting. In accordance with the ePrivacy regulations we require individuals to consent to receiving Marketing emails by opting in (e.g. by completing an email sign up form). As part of the ‘Legitimate Interest Legal Basis’ of the (GDPR) our current email database is formed from those who have requested quotes or completed purchases with Reliance UK. You can opt-out from receiving these emails any time and we will not automatically opt-in individuals without receiving consent.
For Website Monitoring (cookies)
To complete certain marketing activities (such as analysing how individuals use & access the Reliance UK website), we may collect certain information using ‘cookies’. A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. On the Reliance UK website we use:
Analytics cookies that anonymously remember your device when you visit our website,
Service cookies to help us make sure our website is working effectively, and
Third Party cookies to help us learn about how users use our website (Marketo)
If you would like to turn off cookies your internet browser will have a setting that allows you to do this. We also use a pop-up on our website which allows you to opt-out of cookies.
Who has access to this information?
Please be assured that Reliance UK will not sell or rent your information to third parties.
Third Party Service Providers working on our behalf:
We may pass your information to our third-party service providers for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf. Some examples of this include:
Internal record keeping & sales processing activities on CRM & ERP software systems.
Completing market research & obtaining feedback through our PR agency (only if consent has been provided).
However, when we use third party service providers we disclose only the information that is necessary to deliver the service. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties beyond the Reliance UK network unless we are required to do so by law (e.g. by a court order or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime).
Transferring information outside of Europe
Please be aware that Reliance UK is part of the Reliance Worldwide Corporation which is an international business with offices in North America, Europe, and Australasia.
As part of the services offered the information you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside of Europe (e.g. this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of Europe). These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected.
How do we protect this information?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
What are your individual rights?
As part of the GDPR Reliance UK works hard to provide you with the ability to act upon your individual rights including:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to object
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling.
The accuracy of information is important to us and we work to make it easier for you to review & update the information we hold about you. If you would like to act upon any of the above rights in regards to the information we hold on you please contact our Marketing team at marketing.uk@rwc.com.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website. Any party wishing to link to this website is entitled to do so provided that the conditions below are observed:
You do not seek to imply that we are endorsing the services or products of another party unless this has been agreed with us in writing;
You do not misrepresent your relationship with this website; and
The website from which you link to this website does not contain offensive or otherwise controversial content or, content that infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of a third party.
Disclaimer
While we do take reasonable steps to make sure that the information on this website is up to date and accurate, we do not guarantee that all content is accurate and/or up to date. All content contained on this website is provided without warranty of any kind, express or implied. You use the content on this website at your own risk and discretion.
Intellectual Property & Copyright Infringement
The content on this website, including, without limitation, the text, graphics, layout, images, icons, logos, illustrations, video, audio and software is protected by intellectual property law and is the property of our licensors or us. We take intellectual property rights seriously, and we want to be sure that the content on this website does not infringe upon the rights of third parties.
Contact Us
First Name:*Last Name:*Phone:*Email Address:*
Area of business:Architects and SpecifiersOEMInstallersMerchantsOtherCompany:*Town/City:*County:*Postcode:*Message:*Consent*
I consent to my submitted data being collected and stored via this form. The submitted data in this form collects your title, full name, customer type, telephone, email, full address and enquiry. Please click here to view more information about how we protect and manage your submitted data.
(NOT IN USE ANYMORE) pre-GDPR opt out option
I would prefer not to receive further e-mails from Reliance Worldwide Corporation (UK) Ltd
Opt in to receive further emails from Reliance Worldwide Corporation (UK) Ltd?
I would like to opt-in to receive marketing emails from Reliance Worldwide Corporation (UK) Ltd
CAPTCHA
GET IN TOUCH
+44 (0) 1386 712400
Email Us
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Careers
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Risk Assessment
Sitemap
Searching...
Products
Pages