http://www.storaenso.com/en/legal-notice
Legal noticeStora EnsoLegal noticeStora Enso Oyj and the Stora Enso Group appreciate your interest in our products and your visit to our website. This legal notice is general for the Stora Enso Group website. However, there might exist additional information on the specific websites of the different Stora Enso Group Companies or on Stora Enso websites providing special services such as E-Business.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING STORA ENSO’S WEB SITE
By accessing and using www.storaenso.com you agree to the following terms and conditions.
Copyright notice
The copyright in this website, including without limitation, in all documents, files, text, images, graphics, devices, sound, audiovisual elements and code contained in it and in this website’s general “look and feel” is owned by Stora Enso and its affiliates (All Rights Reserved).
Apart from what is expressly stated below, reproduction, transfer, distribution or storage of part or all of the contents in any form, including framing, creating any derivative work based on this website and or its content, incorporation into other websites, electronic retrieval systems or publications is prohibited without the prior written permission of Stora Enso. No links to this website may be included in any other website without Stora Enso’s prior written permission. Modifications to the contents on this website are expressly prohibited.
You are authorized to copy and print extracts from this webpage for your personal non-commercial use and provided that any such copy or print retains all copyright or other proprietary notices and legends and any disclaimer contained in any such information.
The information contained in this website may be used for information purposes, provided the source of information is mentioned. Additionally, you may copy and print press releases and other documents classified as public. The content of the information may not be modified and the information should be used in a way that does not harm the reputation of Stora Enso.
Trademark
Unless otherwise indicated on this website all logos and product names are trademarks of Stora Enso (All Rights Reserved).
Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability
The information on this website is provided "AS IS". Although the information provided to you on this website is obtained or compiled from sources we believe to be reliable, STORA ENSO CANNOT AND DOES NOT GIVE ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OR GIVE ANY UNDERTAKINGS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE ACCURACY, VALIDITY, TIMELINESS OR COMPLETENESS OF ANY INFORMATION OR DATA MADE AVAILABLE HEREIN AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. STORA ENSO WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties in which case the above will not apply in such jurisdictions.
Nothing on this website should be construed as the giving of advice or the making of any recommendation and this website should not be relied upon as the basis for any decision or action.
Neither Stora Enso, nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers or employees, nor any third party vendor will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of this website, or resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making this website or the data contained herein available to you, or from any other cause relating to your access to, inability to access, or use of the website or its materials, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of Stora Enso or of any vendor providing software or services support. In no event will Stora Enso, its affiliates or any such parties be liable to you for any direct, special, indirect, consequential, incidental damages or any other damages of any kind even if Stora Enso or any other party have been advised of the possibility thereof.
Stora Enso does not warrant that this website or the server is free of viruses or other items of destructive nature such as worms, Trojan horses and malicious script.
Any Stora Enso documentation may include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information provided on this website is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Stora Enso or its affiliates to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country.
Neither the information, nor any opinion contained in this website constitutes a solicitation or offer by Stora Enso or its affiliates to buy or sell any services, products, shares or other financial instruments or provide any investment advice or service.
Changes to the website
The information contained in this website may be changed at any time without prior notification or obligation. Stora Enso reserves the right to revise the pages or withdraw access to them at any time.
Information and material submitted by user.
If you submit any information or material intended for the inclusion on this website you agree that such information and material will be deemed to be non-confidential and non-proprietary. By submitting information or material you grant to Stora Enso and its affiliates a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use, disclose, copy, modify, adapt, publicly display and translate all or any of such information or material for any purpose whatsoever without restrictions. Stora Enso reserves the right to, in its sole discretion and without notice, remove or delete any material submitted for inclusion on the website.
Third party content
This website may contain third party owned content, such as articles and abstracts. Stora Enso has no control over such third party content and makes no warranties and/or representations whatsoever for any such third party content and does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content, whether actual, alleged, consequential or punitive. Stora Enso does not accept any liability arising out of an allegation that any third party owned content infringes someone’s intellectual property rights.
Links
Links to third party owned websites are provided only as a courtesy to our users. Stora Enso has no control over third party owned websites and makes no warranties and/or representations whatsoever for any such third party owned websites that you may access through this website. Stora Enso does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or use of such websites, whether actual, alleged, consequential or punitive. The user enters a third party website at its own risk.
Cookies
Cookies are used on this website. A cookie is a small text file containing text information that is stored on your computer. Any information gathered through the use of cookies will be used only to facilitate the use of this website. You will find more information about cookies in Stora Enso’s Privacy Policy.
Contact
Contact Stora Enso by e-mail: general.enquiries@storaenso.com Share this onFind out moreThrough the links below you can find out more about Stora Enso.About usOur NewsroomPrivacyQuick linksAbout Stora EnsoCareersContactDownload centreInspiration centreInvestorsNewsroomProductsSustainability