https://www.markovprocesses.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Please review the following to understand how we process and safeguard personal data about you. By using our website at www.markovprocesses.com (“Website”) or otherwise obtaining services from us, and/or by voluntarily providing personal data to us, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the practices contained in this Privacy Notice. This Notice may be revised from […]
Please review the following to understand how we process and safeguard personal data about you. By using our website at www.markovprocesses.com (“Website”) or otherwise obtaining services from us, and/or by voluntarily providing personal data to us, you acknowledge that you have read and understand the practices contained in this Privacy Notice. This Notice may be revised from time to time, so please ensure that you check this Notice periodically to remain fully informed.
The Website is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 18. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us immediately.
Markov Processes International, Inc. collects business contact details such as name, title, phone numbers and e-mail addresses only when personally submitted by users through the optional Contact Us feature, optional Research registration form, Markov Processes International, Inc., sponsored event registration forms, or via email directed to Markov Processes International, Inc. Markov Processes International, Inc may also automatically collect information such as IP address and cookies from devices used to visit our Website, devices that receive HTML formatted email messages or through use of analytical tracking tools.
Markov Processes International, Inc. may use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to enhance the quality of this Website. We may use persistent cookies. Persistent cookies allow parts of our Website to recognize your browser when you return after your first visit to that part of this Website. Cookies allow us to personalize your return visits to our Site and to save you time during certain activities.
Most web browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking "help" on your browser's menu. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all this Website’s features.
These mechanisms allow users to ask specific questions, access Markov Processes International, Inc.’s website and research material, receive important information about Markov Processes International. Inc. news, events, make requests, or give feedback, comments or suggestions about Markov Processes International, Inc., or about this Website.
We process personal data consistent with our disclosures in this Privacy Policy. We process personal data on the following legal bases:
with your consent;
as necessary to perform our agreement to provide our services to you
as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing our services to you where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy.
This information is gathered by Markov Processes International, Inc. with the submitter’s active permission and participation. The information submitted through these means enables Markov Processes International, Inc. to respond to inquiries and obtain a measure of the needs and interests of Markov Processes International, Inc. or this Website, to communicate with you about our services or your account or send you promotional material regarding our products and research and is not used for any other purpose. Markov Processes International, Inc. respects the privacy of users visiting www.markovprocesses.com and does not sell any personally identifiable information received via www.markovprocesses.com to any third parties. We will share that information only under the following circumstances:
with entities that provide services on our behalf, including Website development, maintenance and support, email distribution, and promotions management, only to the extent that these entities need the information to perform their services or as required by law, unless any additional use or sharing of the information is separately permitted under another provision of this Privacy Policy;
with identified entities whose products or services you specifically use or request to receive while you use the Website;
when we believe that doing so is required by law, may be necessary to protect any person’s property, rights, or safety, or to investigate a potential violation of law, will help to enforce any terms of use or other legal agreement, or will help resolve disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business, or in the event of a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale;
in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form; or
in accordance with your consent.
We are very selective when determining whether a third party organization is worthy of being entrusted with our clients’ personal information, and we hold those organizations with which we do share such information to high security and ethical standards as well as an obligation to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information that Markov Processes International, Inc. collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Markov Processes International, Inc. operates, including the United States, to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
We will retain your information for as long as required to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected and in certain circumstances, even after you have terminated your subscription to our services. In general, we retain personal data to maintain accurate records of client and vendor dealings. or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our Terms and Conditions and if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests).
If you are a resident of the EEA or Switzerland, we respect your rights according to Chapter 3 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation and therefore provide you with the opportunity to access, review, or rectify the information we collect as well as to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used or disclosed for certain purposes. You may also request that such information be deleted. In order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with personal information prior to accessing any records containing information about you. By visiting the Website, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to the collection and use of information by Markov Processes International, Inc. as set forth herein. For all purposes of this Privacy Policy, such as questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, reports of possible violations of this Policy, if your personal information changes, or if you believe that Markov Processes International, Inc.’s records have inaccurately recorded your personal information, you may contact us at:
475 Springfield Avenue
Suite 401
Summit, New Jersey, 07901
support@markovprocesses.com
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey (United States), excluding any laws that might direct the application of the laws of another jurisdiction.
CompanyExecutive LeadershipCorporate NewsPressMPI EventsCareersResearchSolutionsMPI Stylus SolutionsMPI Hedge Fund IndicesTarget-Date RadarEnterprise SolutionsOptional PackagesInvestment Risk AnalyticsCommon and Active Style AnalysisDataHelp CenterContact Us
© 2020 Markov Processes International Inc. All Rights Reserved. Markov Processes is a registered trademark of Markov Processes International Inc