http://www.happydazerv.com/privacy-policy
We Are Open(see hours below)The Internet Team is Available Everyday
As the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) continues to evolve, we are committed to following the CDC’s guidelines.
For More Info Click Here
Hide COVID-19 Statment Show COVID-19 StatmentSkip to main content
Toggle navigation
Menu Contact Us Contact
RV Search Search
RVs For Sale
New RVs
Used RVs
Specials
Value Your Trade
Grand Design Specials
Financing
Financing
Finance Calculator
Insurance & Warranties
Rentals
Rentals Available
FAQ
Rental Policies
Additional Charges
Rental Quote
Service & Parts
RV Service
RV Parts Department
RV Parts For Sale
About Us
About Us
Meet Our Staff
Employment
Contact Us
Resources
Read Our Blog
Reviews
Leave a Review
Tow Guides
Priority RV
Contact Us
External Links
Roadside Assistance
Locations
Find Your RV
New or Used
New and Used
New Only
Used Only
RV Type
All Types
Fifth Wheel
Folding Pop-Up Camper
Motor Home Class A
Motor Home Class A - Diesel
Motor Home Class B
Motor Home Class B - Diesel
Motor Home Class B+
Motor Home Class B+ - Diesel
Motor Home Class C
Motor Home Class C - Diesel
Part
Toy Hauler Fifth Wheel
Toy Hauler Travel Trailer
Travel Trailer
Features
All Floorplans
Bath and a Half
Bunk Over Cab
Bunkhouse
Front Bath
Front Bedroom
Front Cargo Deck
Front Entertainment
Front Kitchen
Front Living
Kitchen Island
Loft
Murphy Bed
Outdoor Entertainment
Outdoor Kitchen
Rear Bath
Rear Bedroom
Rear Entertainment
Rear Kitchen
Rear Living Area
Rear Twin
Side Ramp
Two Entry/Exit Doors
Two Full Baths
U Shaped Dinette
V-Nose
Walk-Thru Bath
Wheelchair Accessible
Stock # or Model
Search
Class A Gas | Diesel
Class B Gas | Diesel
Class C New | Used
Fifth Wheels New | Used
Travel Trailers New | Used
Toy Haulers New | Used
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to our website and governs data collection and usage. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides you with certain rights concerning your personal information, including the right to know how and for what purpose businesses collect it, the right to access your data, the right to opt-out of it being sold to third parties and, subject to certain exclusions for legitimate business purposes, the right to have it deleted. If you have further inquiries about your information under the CCPA or wish to opt-out, please contact us as specified below under How To Contact Us.
Collection of Your Personal Information
We may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name when you fill out a form on our website. We also use Google Analytics to gather additional personal or non-personal information. As a result, information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by us. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of our website.
We encourage you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from our website so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of our website.
Use of Your Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. We may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from us or our affiliates. We may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
We do not sell, rent or lease our customer lists to third parties. We may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to us, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within our website, in order to determine what services or products are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within our website to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
We will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on our company or the website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of our company; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of our website, or the public.
Use of Cookies
Our website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize our pages, or register with our website or services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as shipping addresses and so on. When you return to our website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use our features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our services or websites you visit.
We may also use cookies for Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Our company and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. Users may opt-out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google Ad Preferences Manager.
Children Under Thirteen
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from us by contacting us.
Your access To And Control Over Information:
You may opt out of any future contact from us at anytime. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security:
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
How To Contact Us
You may contact us by calling 916-921-2222.
Changes To This Statement
We will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
WE ARE OPEN
Committed to Protecting Health & Safety
The safety and well being of our customers and employees is a top priority. As the COVID-19 (Coronavirus) continues to evolve, we are committed to monitoring developments and following the CDC’s guidelines for preventing the spread of the virus.
More Info