https://www.thermalstructures.com/privacy-cookie-statement/
Privacy and Cookie Statement
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement explains how THERMAL STRUCTURES INC  (also referred to as “we,” “us,” and “our”) uses any personal information we collect from or about you, through our interactions with you, and through our products and services, including this website.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you to effectively operate our website and provide information to you about our products and services. We may also collect personal information when you voluntarily submit it to us, like through a website “contact us” form or e-mail. We collect payment information that you provide us in order to pay for and use our products and services.
How will we use the information about you?
We may use your personal information to manage our relationship with you. We collect information about you to process and manage orders. We may use your information for marketing purposes, and we may retain your information in order to protect our legal rights. We may use your information collected from the website to personalize your repeat visits to our website.
Marketing
We may use your personal information to communicate with you and to personalize our communications with you. We may e-mail you information we think may be of interest to you. We do not rent or sell personal information or e-mails lists to third parties, but we may work with a third-party to help market our products and services. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please contact: dataprivacy@thermalstructures.com
Social media plug-ins
Our website features four plug-ins for easy sharing and following our social media pages: LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook and Google+. Being on our website does not automatically result in sharing data on these social media networks. These plugins remain inactive (idle) until clicked upon. Once clicked upon, you will be taken to the social media site, with their own privacy statements (which you are recommended to read).
Information security
We care about and are committed to the security of your personal data. When we collect information about you, we also make sure that your information is protected from unauthorized access, loss, manipulation, falsification, destruction or unauthorized disclosure. This is done through appropriate technical measures. We delete all information deemed no longer necessary.
International (cross-border) transfers of personal data
THERMAL STRUCTURES INC  is a global organization. To facilitate our global operations, THERMAL STRUCTURES INC  may transfer, store, and process your information within our family of companies.   Accordingly, cross border sharing of your personal data may be essential to our operations.  Where we transfer store, and process your personal information outside of the EU, we have ensured that appropriate safeguards are in place to ensure an adequate level of data protection.
Access to your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like to review, correct or remove some or all of your personal data from our systems, please e-mail: Thermal Structures Incprivacy@Thermal Structures Inc.com, or write to us at the address below. We will provide you with a copy of the data. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will fulfil your request by sending your copy electronically, unless the request expressly specifies a different method. We reserve the right to charge an administrative fee for additional requests.
Cookies & similar technologies
We use cookies (small text files placed on your computer or device to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information). This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. You can set your browser not to accept cookies. Your browser may also have the ability to block tracking.
Retention of personal data
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the products and services you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing agreements.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy statement only applies to this website.
Disclosure of information to third parties
We may provide your information to third parties who handle information on our behalf. This may help us respond to your inquiry, manage our relationship with you, and to comply with legal, regulatory, or national security obligations. We do not rent or sell personal information to third parties. By providing personal information through our website, you are consenting to these disclosures.
Children’s privacy
We do not intentionally collect information on anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to our privacy statement
We keep our privacy statement under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page.
This privacy statement was last updated on December 13, 2018.
How to contact us?
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy statement or information we hold about you.
By mail:
ATTN: Sales Department
THERMAL STRUCTURES INC
2362 Railroad Street
Corona, CA 92880-5410
USA
By E-mail:
dataprivacy@thermalstructures.com
Cookie Statement
This Cookie Statement is part of our Privacy Statement.
We collect certain information by automated means when you visit the https://www.thermalstructures.com.
By continuing to use your device to access this website, you agree that the following information may be collected: your unique device identifier, mobile device IP address, information about your devices operating system, mobile carrier and your location information (to the extent permissible under applicable law).
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are placed on your computers hard drive when you visit certain websites. Cookies allow a website to recognize your device.
What are IP addresses?
An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our website from a device, we may view that devices IP address. We use this information to understand from what geographic regions our website visitors come. We also may use this information to enhance our website.
How and why do we use cookies and similar technologies?
Cookies may tell us whether you have visited our site before or if you are a new visitor. Cookies may help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may also enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you navigate the site.
We use the following cookies on our website:
Google Analytics.  These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the website. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Bing Analytics.  These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use the website. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
What if I don’t want Cookies?
Most browsers will tell you how to delete cookies, stop accepting new cookies, and how to be notified when you receive new cookies. You will have to visit your particular browsers privacy settings or cookie management documentation for steps.
Google may permit you to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics. More information can be found at: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
You may opt out of Bing Search History here: https://www.bing.com/profile/history?oma=error:toggle_off
You can opt out of Adobe Analytics here: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our information practices, please contact us by writing us at:
ATTN: Sales Department
THERMAL STRUCTURES INC
2362 Railroad Street
Corona, CA 92880-5410
USA
or E-mailing us at:
sales@thermalstructures.com
—- WARNING: Export Control This document may contain technical data within the definition of the United States International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR), and subject to the Export Control Laws of the U.S. Government. Transfer of such data by any means to a foreign person, whether in the United States or abroad, without proper export authorization or other approval from the U.S. Department of State is prohibited. Privacy & Cookie Statement
Customer Support
Main Office: (951) 256-8000
Indianapolis Plant: (317) 876-7213
sales@thermalstructures.com
SUBSCRIBE TO NEWSLETTER
Name*Email*
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
© 2018 Thermal Structures. All Rights Reserved. Privacy & Cookie Statement. Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Home
What We Do
Markets
Aerospace
Construction
Marine
Military
Off-Highway
Power Generation
Transportation
Products
Composite Insulation Coating
Composite Structures
Fabric Insulation Blankets
Fire Barrier Systems
Metal Foil Insulation Blankets
Non-Metallic Fire Shields
Sheet Metal Blankets
Silicone Seals
Support
Total Capabilities
Design Your Solution
Certification
About
Careers
Contact