http://www.henley.ie/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Henley Forklift Group
Contact us today01 620 9200 028 9266 6446
Covid-19
Special Offers
News
About
Careers
Home
Products
Diesel and Gas Forklifts
Electric Forklifts
Warehouse Equipment
Port Handling Equipment
Explosion Proof
Long Load Handling
Bomaq Rough Terrain
Inox and Cleanroom
STS Drum Handling Equipment
AGV
Services
Forklift Service
Forklift Parts & Accessories
Driver Training
Thorough Examinations
Fleet Management
Flame Proof Services
Rental
Solutions
Pharmaceutical
Builders Providers
Port Handling
Warehouse & Logistics
Food Production
Concrete
Bomaq Rough Terrain
Contact
Henley NI
Privacy Policy
Privacy Guarantee
It covers how Henley Forklift uses information gathered from you when you use our website, contact us, or sign up to our marketing lists. This policy does not cover the practices of companies that Henley Forklift does not own or control, or the actions of people that Henley Forklift does not employ or manage. This Privacy Policy may change in the future. We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. By using this site, you agree to the terms of our policy.
At Henley Forklift we are committed to protecting your privacy and we believe we have taken every step necessary to adhere to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This policy explains how and for what purposes we use the information collected about you via the Site. Please read this privacy policy carefully. By using this Site and any services we offer via this Site, you are agreeing to be bound by this policy in respect of the information collected about you via this Site. If you have any queries or comments about the policy or our use of your personal information, please get in touch with us by emailing us at info@henley.ie or by telephoning us on +353 1  620 9200
In general, we use the information we collect about you to:
improve the features and services we offer
support our own marketing and promotion efforts
Personal information collected
The only personal data that we may collect when you visit this Site is your name and email address. You have full control over whether you provide this. It is only collected when you subscribe by submitting a form. You might see this form as a popup, or it might appear at the bottom of a page.
When you have correspondence with us that you initiate through the contact us function, we will take this as an indication that you are interested in what we are about, and we will add your contact details to our newsletter list. We will notify you when we do this and you are always given the option to unsubscribe if these newsletters are not to your taste.
We may use your information to contact you for your views on our services or to notify you occasionally about important developments to our services. We might also use your information to promote products or services we offer on social media platforms.  Sometimes we will process the information to create specific audiences which we will use for marketing our business. If you change your mind and you don’t want to be a part of our community any longer, please email info@henley.ie and let us know. Your details will be immediately removed and we will not contact you again.
How we collect and hold data
When you visit, we may also collect information about how you use the Site including the content you look at, but this is not personally identifiable as you. This information is aggregated and we may use this information to identify patterns which we can use in our marketing to help us improve our services.
We take reasonable steps to protect the data provided via our services. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Data you provide. However, no internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to us via the internet. We store Personal Data only for as long as it is necessary for the fulfilment of the purpose for which the Personal Data was collected, unless otherwise required or authorised by applicable law. We take measures to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if required by law or if the Personal Data is no longer required for the purpose for which we collected it.
Who has access to the information?
The staff at Henley Forklift and certain other relevant suppliers (e.g. Google Analytics Data Analyst) have access to the information, including personal information that we have collected from you.
If our business enters into a joint venture with or is sold to or merged with another business entity, your information may be disclosed to our new business partners or owners. We will not otherwise disclose, sell or distribute your information to any third party without your permission unless we are required to do so by law.
Access to, changing or removing the information we hold
If you want to update your information, change your mind or no longer wish to be a part of our community, please email info@henley.ie and let us know.
Cookies and tracking
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enable us to personalise your visits to this website, keep track of your preferences and to track the usage of this website. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored in the hard drive of your computer by your browser. Your browser will have the option to prevent websites using cookies (your browser’s help screen or manual will tell you how to do this), but please note that this may reduce the functionality of this Site and other websites. Like all websites, our servers automatically record ‘log files’ containing information about the volume and characteristics of our website traffic e.g. IP address, numbers of pages viewed, length of time spent on site. We use log files to build pictures of how our site is used that help us to monitor and improve the service. We cannot identify you from your log files.
Anti-spam policy
This Anti-Spam Policy Notice governs the use of the web page at and its associated services, web pages, domains and sub-domains, which are owned and operated by Henley Forklift. The Site should not be used as a database for direct marketing by phone or SMS messaging. The contact details contained on this site are for the sole purpose of those considering social media with Henley Forklift and should not be used for any other purpose. It is an offence to send unsolicited direct marketing messages or make unsolicited marketing phone calls. We consider spamming to be any activity whereby you directly or indirectly transmit email messages to any email address that has not solicited such email and does not consent to such transmission. We also consider spamming to constitute posting messages on our social media channels (e.g. LinkedIn and Google My Business etc.) that are off topic. We reserve the right to remove your messages and or block your access to our Pages if deem you to be in violation of these anti-spamming policies. If you are “spammed” by any other product or service provider on our channels, please let us know and we will take the necessary actions.
Changes to our privacy policy
Our services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.
Access to information and contacting us
To the extent provided by applicable law, you may have the right to obtain confirmation that we hold Personal Data or other information about you, request access to and receive information about the Personal Data we maintain about you, receive copies of the Personal Data we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, object and withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data and have the information blocked, anonymised or deleted, as appropriate. The right to access Personal Data may be limited in some circumstances by legal requirements. To exercise these rights, please contact us as set forth below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via our services. Upon your request, we will take reasonable efforts to delete all of your Personal Data and non-identifiable information that you have provided to us, though we cannot delete any aggregate or otherwise non-indefinable information derived from your Personal Data or from your use of our services. If you provide us with any information or material relating to another person(s), you are responsible for making sure that the sharing with us and our further use as described to you from time to time is in line with applicable laws.
Contact
Killeen Road, Dublin 10
T: 01 620 9200
E: dublin@henley.ie
The Cutts, Belfast
T: 028 9266 6446
E:
info@henleyforklift.co.uk
more
Henley Forklift Group Limited
Unit 73, Derriaghy Ind. Park
The Cutts, Belfast, BT17 9HU
Tel: 028 9266 6446
E: info@henley.forklift.co.uk
more
Products
Diesel & Gas Forklifts
Electric Forklifts
Warehouse Equipment
Port Handling Equipment
Explosion Proof
Combilift Long Load Handling
Rough Terrain Inox and Cleanroom
STS Material Handling Equipment
Solutions
Pharmaceutical
Builders Providers
Warehouse & Logistics
Food Production
Port Handling
Concrete
Rough Terrain
Services
Forklift Service
Forklift Hire
Forklift Spare Parts
Forklift Driver Training
Forklift Thorough Examinations
Fleet Management
Flame Proof Services
AGV/SGF
© 2020 Henley Forklift Group Ltd. |
privacy
|
cookie policy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.