https://www.wakeassoc.com/privacy-policy/
Wakefield & Associates
Privacy Policy
Effective 1.1.2018
Acknowledgement and Acceptance of Terms
Wakefield & Associates is committed to protecting your privacy.  This privacy policy discloses our current privacy practices regarding the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website.  By accessing https://www.wakeassoc.com you acknowledge and fully understand Wakefield & Associates’ Privacy Policy and freely consent to the information collect and use practices describes by this policy.
Related Website Policies
This website contains links to other sites which have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. We do not have direct control over the policies or practices of any third parties and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites. We recommend and encourage you to always review the privacy policies of any third party websites before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
We collect information from and about our users in three ways:
From our web server logs
From cookies
From user-submitted information
Web Server Logs
When you access or use our online services, we track information to administer this site analyze its usage.  Examples of information we may track include:
Your internet protocol (IP) address
The kind of browser you use
The pages you viewed on our website
Third-party websites you linked to from our website
The state and country from which you accessed the site
The date of time of your visit
The name of your internet service provider
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that may be stored on your computer’s hard drive in order to retain your preferences when you visit our website and to collect non-personal information regarding the use of this website by our users.  Many browsers have the ability to warn you of the use of cookies or to reject all cookies.  By rejecting the use of cookies by this website you may disable certain functionality on the website and may be unable to utilize some of our services.
User-Submitted Information
Visitors to our website have the option to submit a contact request to Wakefield & Associates.  We will use any information collected through this website to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.  Any information submitted to us may be shared with a consumer representative, employee, or agent that is best suited to respond to your communication.  We will not share your personal information with third parties without your permissions except to the extent necessary to fulfill your request, protect ourselves from liability, or comply with the law.
Opt Out
We may send certain messages on a periodic basis.  If you wish to be removed from these messages you may do so at any time using the contact information provided on this website; however, certain messages may be required by law and will not have opt-out capabilities.
Security
We take precautions to ensure the security of your data in compliance with all applicable laws.  These precautions include physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards.  Even with appropriate safeguards, no website can guarantee security and if you have concerns about the transmission of personal information through a website we encourage you to contact us via phone.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time.  Any updates to the Privacy Policy will be posted here and we urge you to check this site periodically to stay informed about any changes.  Your continued use of this website constitutes your agreement to any updates to this Privacy Policy.