http://www.ibs-he.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us
History
Certification
Applications
Construction & Earthmoving Machinery
Agriculture Machinery
Mining Machinery
Industrial Cooler
Wind Turbine Generators
Railway Cooler
Power Generation
Features
Fins Type
Turbulators Type
Policy
Contact us
Privacy policy
Dear Data Subject,
we would like to inform you that the “European Regulation 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data” (hereinafter “GDPR”) provides for the fundamental right of protecting natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data. Pursuant to Article 13 of the above-mentioned regulation, we inform you that:
IBS TECHNOLOGY SPA will process your personal data, such as:
Automatically collected data. IT systems and applications that deal with the functioning of this web site, during their normal operation, detect some data (whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols) that are potentially associated with identifiable users. The collected data include IP addresses and domain names of the computers that are employed by the users who connect to the site, addresses of the required resources in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation, the time of the request, the method that was used to send the request to the server, the size of the answer file, the numeric code that specifies the status of the answer by the server and other parameters concerning the operating system, the browser and the IT environment employed by the user. The above-mentioned data are processed, for the time that is strictly necessary, with the only purpose to obtain statistical information about the use of the web site and to check its regular operation. The provision of the aforesaid data is mandatory as it is directly connected to the web navigation experience.
Data that are voluntarily provided by the user. The voluntary and explicit sending of electronic mail to the addresses that are specified in the different access channels to this web site is not subject to the request for consent and the possible fill-up of specifically prepared forms will imply the subsequent acquisition of the address and the data about the sender/user, which are necessary to answer the produced requests and/or supply the required service. The voluntary sending of mails, by you, to our electronic mail addresses will not need additional information statements or requests for consent. Therefore, the user must explicitly accept the use of the data that are included in the aforesaid forms in order to send the request.
Cookies. The web site uses technical cookies that are necessary for the correct operation of the web site. The web site uses third-party cookies. For further information, please see the cookie policy.
SOURCE OF THE PERSONAL DATA:  The personal data held by IBS TECHNOLOGY SPA are directly collected from the data subject.
DATA CONTROLLER: IBS TECHNOLOGY SPA is the data controller and you can contact it at the address Privacy.IBS@hydac.com
PURPOSES OF DATA PROCESSING AND LEGAL BASIS: Your consent is the legal basis for the processing of your data and it is obtained to manage the following purposes:
monitor the correct operation of the portal;
manage the registrations to the newsletters;
manage the access to the reserved area;
manage any possible request of the user.
RECIPIENTS OF THE DATA: Within the limits pertaining to the specified data processing purposes, your data can be communicated to partners, consulting companies and private companies, which are appointed Data Processors by the Data Controller or by obligations laid down by the law or to fulfil your specific requests. The Data Controllers and the Data Processors in office are promptly identified in the Privacy Document, which is periodically updated.
TRANSFER OF THE DATA ABROAD: The collected data are not transferred abroad.
STORAGE PERIOD: The collected data will be stored for a time period not exceeding the achievement of the specific processing purposes (“storage limitation principle,” art. 5, GDPR) or according to the deadlines that are provided for by law. The obsolescence of the stored data is periodically checked according to the purposes of their collection.
RIGHTS OF THE DATA SUBJECT: The data subject is always entitled to ask the Data Controller to access, rectify or erase his/her data, the restriction of data processing or the possibility to object to data processing, ask for data portability, withdraw the consent to data processing by exercising these and other rights that are provided for in the GDPR by means of a simple communication to the Data Controller. Finally, the data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with the privacy supervisory authority in case he/she believes a crime occurred concerning the processing of his/her data.
DATA PROCESSING RULES: The personal data provided by you will be subject to processing operations in compliance with the above-mentioned standards and the confidentiality obligations that form the basis of the activity of the Data Controller. The data will be processed both with IT devices and paper supports, as well as any other appropriate type of support, in compliance with suitable safety measures pursuant to art. 5 par. 1 lett. f) of the GDPR.
The information statement has not to be considered valid for other web sites that may be accessed by means of links that are to be found in the Internet sites with the domain of the Data Controller, who has not to be considered in any way responsible for third-party Internet sites.