https://www.kmslitho.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy
Contact Us Find out more by clicking here
PRIVACY & SECURITY
KMS Litho Ltd is committed to safeguarding your privacy. This policy explains what information we collect and how we use the personal information you supply to us.
In using our website, any of our services or providing us with any personal information we will assume you are agreeing to your information being used and disclosed in the ways described in this policy.
WHO WE ARE?
KMS Litho Ltd are suppliers of lithographic, digital and wide format fine art printing in the UK. KMS Litho Ltd also offer a full graphic design and print finish / fulfilment service.
KMS Litho Ltd is registered in England and Wales under Registered Number 4476623 and its office address is Railway Bridge House, Station Road, Hook Norton, Oxfordshire OX15 5LS.
DATA PROTECTION ACT
In carrying out our day-to-day activities we process and store personal information relating to our customers and are therefore required to adhere to the requirements of all data protection legislation, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (applicable from 25 May 2018) and any substantially similar local legislation, including the guidance, codes of practice, recommendations and deliberations of the relevant supervisory authority, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time.
We take our responsibilities under these acts very seriously and are always striving to ensure the personal information we obtain is held, used, transferred or otherwise processed in accordance with these acts.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
You can access our website pages and browse our website without disclosing your personal data.
If you choose to register your details via our web site to receive any of our downloads or for our occasional newsletters  then your details will be stored in a safe way and not disclosed or sold to any third parties. We will only contact you from time to time with information that we feel may be beneficial to you or your organisation.
We do not store any credit card details on our systems. Such information is only used to process your payment via credit card processing companies.
USE OF COOKIES AND TAGS
Our websites make use of ‘cookies’ and ‘tags’ to help track our online activity and monitor usage of our website. The information they collect and share is anonymous and does not personally identify you. They do not track and store your name, address, telephone number or email address.
To learn more about our ‘cookies’ and ‘tags’ please read our Cookies Policy
HOW WE MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION
We are permitted to use the information we collect about you to:
Process & deliver your order
Manage your account
Administer and protect our business and our website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting & hosting of data) – this is necessary for the security of our network, the smooth running of our IT system and to comply with any required legal obligations
Monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop and improve the design and layout of our sites
To get your feedback
Where you have given consent, we may:
Send you information such as company news, new products, special offers and events.
We will only send you marketing information by mail or email. If you have requested a quotation or placed an order, we may need to communicate with you by phone and/or text.
WHO WE WILL SHARE THE INFORMATION WITH?
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons, beyond the essential requirement for credit/debit card validation during purchase.
These organisations are under strict obligations to keep your personal information private.
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All information we collect about our customers is held on secure servers. In situations where these servers are externally hosted we will only use reputable hosting companies which adhere to security policies and procedures at least as stringent as our own.
All payment transactions are encrypted using SSL technology.
STOPPING COMMUNICATION FROM US
If you decide you no longer want us to contact you, you can request that we stop by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘update your contact preferences’ on any marketing emails. Alternatively, to stop postal communications when you do not have an account with us you can email enquiries@kmslitho.co.uk stating your name, address and nature of the communication you received.
When you unsubscribe we will act quickly, but you may continue to receive mailings for a short while for items already in preparation or on their way to you.
Please note: that if you unsubscribe and subsequently order goods or request information then we will still send you information to fulfil your request.
LEGAL ENFORCEMENT
We may share your data with other organisations if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use as set out in our terms and conditions and other agreements. Information may also be shared to protect the rights, property or safety of KMS Litho Ltd, our customers or others.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE DATA PROTECTION ACT
You have the right to:
Change your communication preferences at any time
Ask us to remove your personal information from our records
Update or amend the information we hold about you if it is wrong
Object to the processing of your information for marketing purposes
Request a copy of the information we hold about you
Raise a concern or complaint about the way in which your information is being used
CONTACT US
If you wish to find out more about your rights or obtain a copy of the information we hold about you, please email our data protection officer at enquiries@kmslitho.co.uk quoting Security and Privacy Enquiry. Alternatively, you can write to us at:
Data Protection Officer, KMS Litho Ltd, Railway Bridge House, Station Road, Hook Norton, Oxfordshire OX15 5LS
CHANGES TO THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY POLICY
We keep our Security and Privacy Policy under regular review. This privacy policy was last updated 7 May 2018.
If we make changes to this policy, we will notify you by updating the policy on our websites.
To discuss your next print project call the KMS Litho team today on
01608 737 640 or click here to complete the contact form. We look forward to talking to you.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.OK