https://www.ravenbridge.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footer Skip to footer navigation
01403330170
support@ravenbridge.co.uk
FacebookInstagramTwitter
You are here: Home / Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions form the basis on the provision of services from Ravenbridge to you as a consumer. Please read them carefully as they contain important information.
General terms and conditions
This site is owned and operated by Ravenbridge Ltd of Southwater Street, Southwater, West Sussex. If you have any queries about these terms and conditions or if you have any comments or complaints on or about our website, you can contact us at karen@ravenbridge.co.uk or 01403330170
The contract between us
For new telephony installations, We must receive payment of the whole of the price for the services that you order before your order can be accepted. Payment of the price for the services represents an offer on your part to purchase the services, which will be accepted by us only when a confirmation of acceptance is sent by us. Only at this point is a legally binding contract created between us.
Acknowledgement of your request for provision of services
To enable us to process your order, you will need to provide us with your correct contact details including telephone number and if possible an e-mail address. We will notify you as soon as possible to confirm receipt of your order and to confirm details. For the avoidance of doubt, this correspondence does not constitute a contract between us.
Ownership of rights
All rights, including copyright, in this website are owned by or licensed to Ravenbridge Ltd Any use of this website or its contents, including copying or storing it or them in whole or part, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use, is prohibited without our permission. You may not modify, distribute or repost anything on this website for any purpose.
Accuracy of content
We have taken care in the preparation of the content of this website, in particular to ensure that prices quoted are correct at the time of publishing and that all services have been described accurately.
Damage to your computer
We try to ensure that this website is free from viruses or defects. However, we cannot guarantee that your use of this website or any websites accessible through it will not cause damage to your computer. It is your responsibility to ensure that the right equipment is available to use the website. Except in the case of negligence on our part, we will not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise to computer equipment as a result of using this website.
Availability
The services will be provided within an agreed timescale, and time is not of the essence of the contract.
Terms and Conditions Specific To The Provision Of Telecoms And Web Domain And Hosting Services
1.Payment and Interest
1.1. Payment of the Price and VAT shall be due within [30] days of the date of the Seller’s invoice.
1.2. Interest on overdue invoices shall accrue from the date when payment becomes due calculated on a daily basis until the date of payment at the rate of [8%] per annum above the Bank of England base rate from time to time in force. Such interest shall accrue after as well as before any judgment.
2. General services Termination
2.1. Without limiting its other rights or remedies, either party may terminate the Contract by giving the other party 1 months’ written notice.
2.2. Without limiting its other rights or remedies, either party may terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the other party if:
2.2.1. The other party commits a material breach of any term of the Contract and (if such a breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach within 14 days of that party being notified in writing to do so;
2.2.2. The other party takes any step or action in connection with its entering administration, provisional liquidation or any composition or arrangement with its creditors (other than in relation to a solvent restructuring), being wound up (whether voluntarily or by order of the court, unless for the purpose of a solvent restructuring), having a receiver appointed to any of its assets or ceasing to carry on business or, if the step or action is taken in another jurisdiction, in connection with any analogous procedure in the relevant jurisdiction;
2.2.3. The other party suspends, or threatens to suspend, or ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or a substantial part of its business; or
2.2.4. The other party’s financial position deteriorates to such an extent that in the terminating party’s opinion the other party’s capability to adequately fulfil its obligations under the Contract has been placed in jeopardy.
2.3. Without limiting its other rights or remedies, Ravenbridge Ltd may terminate the Contract with immediate effect by giving written notice to the Customer if the Customer fails to pay any amount due under the Contract on the due date for payment and remains in default not less than 30 days after being notified to make such payment.
3. Additional Notes for Termination Of Domain and Hosting accounts
3.1. One months’ written notice must be given for the termination of a hosting account with Ravenbridge. After this period, the account will be suspended and this with result in any websites running on this hosting account to cease functioning. After a further 14 day notice period from the date of written notice to terminate, the account will be fully closed and all data will be irrevocably deleted. It is the clients responsibility to ensure that all data they require to be removed from the server prior to this, as we do not accept responsibility for loss of data after this.
3.2. If a domain is no longer needed and does not need to be renewed for the next annual period, one months’ written notice must be given prior to the date that a domain is due to be renewed in order to prevent unnecessary costs on the account. Once payment is taken for the registration or renewal of a domain, it is unable to be refunded as this registration cost and period of registration is connected to the domain for that timescale. If the domain is transferred away from Ravenbridge during the period it is still registered, the remaining registration period is transferred to the new registrant or hosting company.
4. Consequences of termination On termination of the Contract for any reason:
4.1. The Customer shall immediately pay to Ravenbridge Ltd all of its outstanding unpaid invoices and interest and, in respect of Services supplied but for which no invoice has been submitted, Ravenbridge Ltd shall submit an invoice, which shall be payable by the Customer immediately on receipt; 4.2. The accrued rights, remedies, obligations and liabilities of the parties as at expiry or termination shall be unaffected, including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach of the Contract which existed at or before the date of termination or expiry; and 4.3. Clauses which expressly or by implication survive termination shall continue in full force and effect.
5. Force majeure
Neither party shall be in breach of this Contract nor liable for delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its obligations under this Contract if such delay or failure result from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable control.
6. If there is a problem with the services
6.1. If you have any questions or complaints about the services please contact us. You can do so at karen@ravenbridge.co.uk.
6.2. We are under a legal duty to supply services that are in conformity with this contract and in accordance with the Consumer Rights Act 2015 (the Act).
7. Liability
7.1. We are only responsible for losses that are a natural, foreseeable consequence of our breach of these terms and conditions. We do not accept liability if we are prevented or delayed from complying with our obligations set out in these terms and conditions by anything you (or anyone acting with your express or implied authority) does or fails to do, or is due to events which are beyond our reasonable control.
7.2. Furthermore, we do not accept liability for any losses related to any business of yours including but not limited to: lost data, lost profits, lost revenues or business interruption.
7.3. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer under applicable local law or other statutory rights that may not be excluded nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
Notices
Unless otherwise expressly stated in these terms and conditions, all notices from you to us must be in writing and sent to our email address at karen@ravenbridge.co.uk and all notices from us to you will be displayed on our website from time to time.
Changes to legal notices
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time and you should look through them as often as possible.
Law, jurisdiction and language
This website, any content contained therein and any contract brought into being as a result of usage of this website are governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Parties to any such contract agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. All contracts are concluded in English.
Invalidity
If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
How we may use your personal information
We will only use your personal information as set out in our privacy policy: https://www.ravenbridge.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Third party rights
Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, nor shall it confer any rights on a third party.
Other important terms
Alternative dispute resolution is a process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court. If you are not happy with how we have handled any complaint, you may submit the dispute for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform.
Primary SidebarLatest Projects
Canton Martial Arts
Aspire Gifts & Models Website
Ashdown Plumbing Website
Adduce Services Website
GX Tattoo Website
CG Accounting Website
Valerie Evans Website
Coast Physio Website
Hailsham Artists Website
Categories
Information
Portfolio
Uncategorized
We can help with all stages of your online journey.
From designing an eye-catching logo and picking a good domain name for new startups, to refreshing your existing business and showing you how to boost your online presence...
Contact Us Today
Follow Us
Take a look at our new updated website :)
GX Tattoo shop website project completed
Loved creating this website for the most amazing f
New website up and running for Adduce Services Ltd
Great to work with Ashdown Plumbing & Heating on t
Updating and modernising Aspire Gift & Models onli
One of our website projects for CG Accounting
Ravenbridge set up event categories with online ev
Load More…
Follow on Instagram
FooterAbout Us
We are a Sussex based web and telecoms company specialising in all areas of digital marketing for existing businesses and new startups, with the aim of providing the bridge between your business and the digital marketplace.
Control Panel Login
Username:
Password:
Contact Us
support@ravenbridge.co.uk
01403 330170
Mon-Fri: 9am to 5pm
E-mailFacebookInstagramTwitter
Services
Web Hosting
Website Design
Security
Digital Marketing
New Business Startup
Creative Graphic Design
Broadband & Line Rental
Ravenbridge Hub
Contact Us
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok