http://www.wgbhstocksales.org/legal/privacy_policy
Stock Sales & Licensing
(617) 300-3939
stock_sales@wgbh.org
About Us
Rates & Policies
FAQ
How to License
Contact Us
WGBH Stock Sales & Licensing
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting wgbhstocksales.org. We're committed to ensuring the
privacy of your personally identifiable information, and to protecting your
ability to make financial transactions and transmit your personal data with
full confidence. The privacy policy set forth here refers solely to wgbhstocksales.org. Please
read it carefully, and if you have any questions or concerns, please contact
us. Also, note that wgbhstocksales.org links to other sites, such as NOVA,
Frontline, American Experience, Open Vault and PBS. Please consult those sites
to learn more about their policies. Gathering and Use of InformationWGBH will not willfully disclose any personally identifiable information about
our online users to any third party without first receiving the user's
permission, unless required by law. The wgbhstocksales.org pages only collect
personally identifiable information from our visitors on a voluntary basis
(such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, and/or other
identifying information). You should recognize that under certain
circumstances, if you choose not to voluntarily submit requested information,
you may not be able to engage in certain activities -- e.g., using folders to
select, share and email clips, downloading watermarked clips, etc. for which
personally identifiable information is needed. Registration, Minimum Requirements, and SecurityTo administer these services we require a minimum of information from you. This
includes a user name (your e-mail address), password, and acknowledgment that
you are 18 years of age or older. Our personalized forms are stored and served
from a secure server. This means that each page you view and any information
you submit is encrypted on its way between computers (yours and ours). In the
unlikely event that the information you send is intercepted, it should not be
usable by anyone else. While no computer system is 100 percent secure, WGBH has
taken reasonable steps to ensure the security of any information you provide to
our Web site. Our goal is to offer service while adhering to the best security
practices possible; to do so requires your shared cooperation and commitment.
Thus, to participate in these optional services you agree to abide by the
following terms and conditions:
All registration information submitted by you is accurate and updated.
You will not select or use an e-mail address of another person with the
intent to impersonate that person.
You will not use the e-mail address in which another person has rights
without that person's authorization.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
password. (Please know that if you choose to share your log-in and password,
you are providing access to your private information.)
Secure Credit Card Transactionswgbhstocksales.org plans to offer you in the very near future the convenience
of purchasing and downloading high resolution clips via credit card. WGBH and
our fulfillment agent, who supports wgbhstocksales.org, utilize
state-of-the-art measures to ensure credit card account information security
and to secure any information from your computer to our server. Our Web
financial transaction forms are stored and served from secure servers. This
means that each page you view and any information you submit is encrypted on
its way between computers (yours and ours, or yours and our fulfillment agent).
Even in the highly unlikely event that your transmission is intercepted, it
should not be usable. Your peace of mind and the safeguarding of your credit
card information are top priorities for us. All online credit card transactions
are done through a secure server using 128-bit SSL; you know you're on a secure
page when the Web address starts with "https" (the "s" is for "secure"). Your
credit card information is used only for your intended purpose -- that is, for
the purchase or contribution you wish to make. E-mail AddressesWGBH does not sell, exchange, or lend e-mail addresses to outside companies,
organizations, or individuals except where required by law. WGBH will always
provide a clear and convenient method of unsubscribing to our e-mailings. You
can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe directions included in
every email, or by going to wgbhstocksales.org, Contact Us page and sending us
a message. We will update our records as soon as possible. If you have already
unsubscribed from WGBH e-mails, rest assured that we will continue to honor
your request. Cookies and BrowsersIn general, cookies -- the informational files that your Web browser places on
your computer when you visit a Web site -- are used on wgbhstocksales.org pages
to track how you and other visitors use our site, identifying the source of
visitors and what pages you use while on our site, or to facilitate the
shopping checkout process. By looking at this traffic we can better understand
our community, which allows us to improve our Web site and to provide you with
an optimal experience and better service. At no time does the cookie reveal
your name, address, or e-mail address (even if you have entered these in
specific areas of wgbh.org). The wgbhstocksales.org pages cannot extract any
personally identifying information about you from what we receive via a cookie
and your browser. You can set your browser software to refuse cookies or to alert you when
cookies are being sent. However, some parts of wgbhstocksales.org will not
function properly if you do so. You always have the ability to disengage the
cookie software on your browser without limiting your ability to view our home
page or our results search page. Acceptance of this Privacy Policy for wgbh.orgBy using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of
this Privacy Policy for wgbhstocksales.org. If you do not agree to these terms
and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole
discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any
time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use
of wgbhstocksales.org following the posting of any changes to these terms shall
mean that you have accepted those changes. If you have any questions or
concerns, please contact us.
About Us
|
Rates & Policies
|
FAQ
|
How to License
|
Contact Us
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
Copyright 2015 WGBH Educational Foundation. All rights reserved.