http://www.ifs-finance.com/support/financing-help/
Toggle navigation
Broker Login
Customer Login
Apply for an account
Home
About Us
Overview of Services
IFS Team
Employment Opportunities
Premium Financing
Introduction
Features and Benefits
Why Use Premium Financing
Financing Process
Quoting Your Client
Online Systems
Announcements
Recent Announcements
Holiday Hours
Product Updates
Site Updates
Event News
Support
Introduction
IFS Forms
Client Privacy
Financing Help
Online Systems Help
E-mail Use Notification
Contact Us
Financing Help
At IFS, we want your premium financing experience to be as simple and easy as possible. Found below is further explanation of our financing process. If you have any further questions please don't hesitate to contact us.
Please note that further information and help is available once logged into the Broker Online Account Browser
IFS Financing Process Explained
Step 1Brokers can obtain quotes through our online system, by using our user friendly software, or by calling our toll free number. If you choose to call us for a quote and receive it by fax or e-mail, it will remain available online for you to retrieve later.
Step 2To generate a contract online press generate contract while viewing a quote or if using our software go to the contract page and fill in the required information. To hand write a contract use our pre-printed forms.
Step 3With the IFS finance contract ready, you and your client both need to sign it. Double check that your client has signed all the appropriate areas and that you or someone else has witnessed it.
Step 4In almost all cases the broker collects the down payment stated on the finance contract. Then the broker forwards the completed and signed contract to IFS by fax, courier or mail.
Step 5Once IFS receives the contract it is checked for errors, approved and then loaded into our system. Once it has been loaded into our system notification is sent by courier or mail to the underwriter(s).
Step 6On the release date set by the finance plan used, IFS releases the principal balance electronically or by cheque to the broker. In the rare case that the down payment was sent to us, we release the total premium.
Step 7When the broker receives the principal balance they now pay the underwriter(s) in their usual fashion.
Step 8The insured pays IFS monthly payments as agreed in the finance contract. If the insured cannot make a payment we will inform you of any action we will be taking and will work with you to have the situation corrected.
Don't forget that our knowledgeable CSRs are always happy to answer any questions you may have between 8:30AM - 7:00PM Atlantic Time by calling 1-800-565-1153.
Introduction
IFS Forms
Client Privacy
Financing Help
Online Systems Help
E-mail Use Notification
info@ifs-finance.com
1-800-565-1153