http://www.employeeuniversity.com/eu/terms-of-service-privacy-policy.htm
Skip to main content
Employee University Terms of Use and Privacy StatementView Cart Toll Free: 888-520-2444
Toggle navigation Home (current)All Workplace Topics DEFINE your cultureHarassment Training Videos Sexual Harassment Training Diversity Training Videos EQUIP your managersManagement Training Hiring and Interviewing Employment Law Training IMPROVE your serviceCustomer Service Skills Internal Customer Service Phone Skills INSPIRE your leadersLeadership Training Videos Workplace Ethics Lou Holtz Videos MOTIVATE your workplaceCompany Case Studies Dewitt Jones Videos Motivational Speakers Other Popular Training GenresNew and Newer Releases Business Accounting 101 Presentation Skills More Training Video Genres and Topics... Healthcare Topics HIPAA Patient | Customer Service Home Healthcare Long Term Care Hospice Ambulatory Care Behavioral Healthcare More Healthcare Training Video Topics Specials Terms of Use and Privacy StatementTerms of UseReturns: Because we offer the service of previewing training videos, we do not credit returns for video purchases or rentals once an order has been shipped and confirmed with the customer except in the case of Damaged Product. If the program purchased is damaged upon receipt, we will send a replacement, provided the damage is reported within 30 days of delivery.User understands and agrees that no attorney-client relationship is or will be established between user and Employee University or employeeuniversity.com through any use of this site. User understands and agrees that Employee University or employeeuniversity.com is not acting as his/her attorney in this matter. User is representing himself/herself. User understands that no material on employeeuniversity.com or provided by Employee University is intended to provide explanations, opinions or recommendations about any legal options, rights, remedies or strategies with respect to any situation. User understands and agrees that any products, materials, text or comments on employeeuniversity.com, or provided by Employee University are not to be used as a substitute for professional legal advice and Employee University or employeeuniversity.com did not give legal advice. User agrees to be solely responsible for any consequences involving the use of employeeuniversity.com. User agrees to hold Employee University or employeeuniversity.com, its affiliates and its agents harmless. In any case, if there is liability found on the part of Employee University or employeeuniversity.com, its affiliates or its agents, it will be limited to the amount paid for the products and/or services, and under no circumstances will there be consequential or punitive damages. © Employee University 2001 and Beyond; information or screens from this website may not be copied, archived, or captured in any way aside from normal browser caching and printing performed in the course of using the site for its intended purpose. Disclaimers/ employeeuniversity.com is a domain name owned by Darin Hanks; and is a portal for producers and other companies, including HRIT Inc, to advertise and market films and other corporate training tools. Users assume the entire risk for any actions carried out based upon the use of this web site or Employee University products. Employee University or employeeuniversity.com, shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, or consequential damages, including without limitation, lost revenues or lost profits which may result from the use of any materials found on our web site or system. The information contained on these pages constantly changes, including being continually updated, revised, removed, or any number of other possibilities. We will try our best to keep the Web Site and products as current as possible, but due to factors beyond our control, we cannot guarantee that the information provided will always be correct; information is subject to change and errors. Employee University and employeeuniversity.com does not provide legal advice and any product or information obtained from this site or emails originating from employeeuniversity.com should not be construed as specific legal advice. Employers are advised to seek review of all workplace policies with their own legal counsel. Any reference obtained from this site or document to a specific commercial product, process, or service does not constitute or imply an endorsement by Employee University or employeeuniversity.com, or its associates, of the product, process, or service, or its producer or provider. The views and opinions expressed in any referenced document or web page does not necessarily state or reflect those of Employee University or employeeuniversity.com, or its associates. Neither Employee University or employeeuniversity.com, nor any of its employees, nor any of its associates assumes any legal liability for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information provided by Employee University or it’s server, site, or links therein. Privacy StatementEmployee University is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. By using Employee University, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.  Security of your Personal InformationEmployee University is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. Additionally, when we transmit sensitive personal information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.  Collection of your Personal InformationEmployee University explicitly asks when it needs information that personally identifies you ("personal information"). We will collect such information when, for example, you request information about Employee University services or respond to a email request for information, or you subscribe to a Employee University service.. personal information we collect can include your e-mail address, name, address, telephone number, and credit card number, as applicable. Employee University also may ask for demographic information. Currently, Employee University also collects personal information through the use of offline telesales operations via 1-800-774-4870 or phone conversations with account managers. The information collected during the use of telesales may be merged with personal information you have previously shared with this Web site and is used in accordance with this privacy statement.Employee University also collects certain information about your computer hardware and software. This information may include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Employee University for the operation of its sites and services, to maintain quality of the services, and to provide general statistics regarding use of Employee University sites and services.As a part of some of Employee University services, your information will be stored on Employee University's servers, servers of those of Employee University's credit card processor and shopping cart provider . Employee University will use your customer information only as necessary to provide the services you have requested. Employee University collects statistics in regard to the Employee University services you use.Use of your Personal InformationEmployee University and our affiliates and service partners use your personal information to operate the Employee University sites and to provide the Employee University services you have requested. The information is also used to communicate with you regarding your Employee University accounts, and by sending out periodic communications that are considered as important to you as a training media consumer.We ask for your postal address because some of our services require a mailing address so that we can completely perform the service. We may also use this information for credit card validation and Purchase Order validation.Employee University may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Microsoft, Employee University or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Microsoft; Employee University, the site or the users of Employee University; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Employee University and Microsoft employees, users of Microsoft products or services, or members of the public.  Sharing your Personal Information with Other Companies We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as packaging and delivering purchases and other mailings, providing customer service, performing statistical analysis of our services, or providing other essential elements of the site. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the product or service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of that information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. We use third party email software for occasional communications with our customer base; we selected them for our mailing list service because of their use of anti-spam best practices. Employee University has never sold or rented our customer mailing list, but reserves the right to do so. If we were to do so, it would be limited to your name and email address and we would only permit your email contact information to be used to promote a service or product related to employee training or employee management. Except as otherwise described in this statement, Employee University will share your personal information with other companies only with your consent.Control of your Personal InformationAs part of your participation in any of the Employee University services, Employee University allows you to elect to receive certain information and e-mail from Employee University and its service partners. There are two types of information sent to Employee University, customers: 1) account/order specific information; and, 2) promotional information. Account specific communications include information that is essential for the Employee University services to operate properly. This includes any communications describing any changes or updates to a particular service.Promotional and customer feedback information includes information about products and services from Employee University or our partners, special promotional offers, and/or customer surveys. You have the ability to opt-in or opt-out from receiving this type of information. You also have the ability to change your contact preferences at any time, by email or calling 1-800-774-4870.Please be aware that this privacy statement and the choices you make on this site will not necessarily apply to personal information you may have provided to Microsoft in the context of other, separately operated, Microsoft products or services.Security of your Personal InformationEmployee University is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer servers with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. Additionally, when we transmit sensitive personal information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Use of CookiesA cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you when you click on certain web pages, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. Employee University uses cookies to track web search statistics and nothing more.  Use of Web BeaconsEmployee University pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons, sometimes called single-pixel gifs. Web beacons are not used to access your personal information on the Employee University Web pages; they are a technique we use to compile aggregated statistics about Employee University usage. Web beacons collect only a limited set of information including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web beacon resides. Employee University Web pages may also contain Web beacons placed there by third parties to help Employee University determine the effectiveness of our promotional or advertising campaigns. Links to Employee University Partners and Other SitesEmployee University sites contain links to other web sites. You should carefully examine the privacy statements of sites linking to or from Employee University before providing any personal information to those sites. Personal information that you choose to provide to other web sites will be subject to the privacy policies of that specific web site. Employee University is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of Employee University.Changes to this StatementEmployee University will occasionally update this privacy statement to reflect company and customer feedback. When Employee University posts changes to this statement, we will also revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement. If there are material changes to this statement, Employee University will notify you by placing prominent notice on the Web site. Employee University encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Employee University is helping to protect your information.
LMS / LEARNING MANAGEMENTOur LMS options include: content for your LMS, the use of our LMS, and custom LMS solutions. TRAINING DVDSOur training videos and DVDs come with training materials for your corporate trainer, special pricing for goverment, education and. E-LEARNINGE-Learning can be hosted on your LMS (or we can provide your employees login information to our LMS), and your learners can access. STREAMING VIDEOSWe offer hundrerds of training videos and clips that can be streamed from our servers to your employees; to desktop or mobile devices.FOLLOW USMention us on Social Media and Get Free Shipping on all your orders!EMPLOYEE UNIVERSITYHomeNew ReleasesSitemapINFORMATIONContact UsAbout usPrivacy Policy & Terms & Conditions