https://www.biologicsconsulting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Cookies Policy
1. Introduction
1.1    Biologics Consulting Group, Inc. (hereinafter “Biologics Consulting”) is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
1.2    This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
1.3    We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are not strictly necessary for the provision of our website and services, we may ask you to consent to our use of cookies when you first visit our website.
1.4    In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Biologics Consulting. (For more information about us, see Section 15.)
2. How we use your personal data
2.1    In this Section 2 we have set out:
(a)    the general categories of personal data that we may process;
(b)    in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
(c)    the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
(d)    the legal bases of the processing.
2.2    We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics, Facebook Analytics and/or LinkedIn Insights. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing the use of the website and services, to ensure you are receiving timely, relevant content and to optimize the site. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
2.3    We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding the provision of services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
2.4    We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent OR the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
2.5    We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
2.6    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
2.7    We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
2.8    In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 2, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
2.9    Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
3. Providing your personal data to others
3.1    We may disclose your personal data to any member of our group of companies (this means any of our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
3.2    In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 3, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
4. International transfers of your personal data
4.1    In this Section 4, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
4.2    We have employees, offices or facilities located in the United States of America. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of each of these countries. Transfers to each of these countries will be protected by appropriate safeguards.
4.3    The hosting facilities for our website are situated in The United States of America. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of this country.
4.4    You acknowledge that personal data that you submit to or through our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
5. Retaining and deleting personal data
5.1    This Section 5 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
5.2    Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
5.3    We will retain your personal data as follows:
(a)    All notification, enquiry and correspondence data collected may be retained for a minimum period of five years following submission.
5.4    In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
(a)    the period of retention of any and all personal data will be determined based on the type of data collected and our legitimate business interests.
5.5    Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 5, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
6. Amendments
6.1    We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
6.2    You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
6.3    We may notify you of significant changes to this policy by email or as a notification on our website.
7. Your rights
7.1    In this Section 7, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
7.2    Your principal rights under data protection law are:
(a)    the right to access;
(b)    the right to rectification;
(c)    the right to erasure;
(d)    the right to restrict processing;
(e)    the right to object to processing;
(f)    the right to data portability;
(g)    the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
(h)    the right to withdraw consent.
7.3    You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
7.4    You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
7.5    In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; or the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.6    In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
7.7    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
7.8    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for any marketing purposes (including direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose to the extent we are able. However, you may need to opt-out of third-party cookies and/or audiences on other platforms. We do not control data collected on those platforms.
7.9    You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
7.10  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
(a)    consent; or
(b)    that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,
and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
7.11  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
7.12  To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
7.13  You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us.
8. Third party websites
8.1    Our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites.
8.2    We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
9. Personal data of children
9.1    Our website and services are targeted at persons over the age of 18.
9.2    If we have reason to believe that we hold personal data of a person under that age in our databases, we will delete that personal data.
10. Updating information
10.1  Please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated
11. About cookies
11.1  A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
11.2  Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
11.3  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies
12. Cookies that we use
12.1  We use or may use cookies for the following purposes:
(a)   advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you. Cookies used for this purpose are Google Analytics Cookies, Google Remarketing Cookies, Bing Remarketing Cookies, LinkedIn Remarketing Tags and Facebook Remarketing Tags.
(b)   analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services through Google Analytics.
(c)    cookie consent - we may use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
(d)    optimization & personalization – we may use cookies to improve your experience on our website or deliver relevant content to you based on previous behaviors, expressed or implied interests, or some other factors.
13. Cookies used by our service providers
13.1  Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
13.2  We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of third-party cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
14. Managing cookies
14.1  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
(a)    https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
(b)    https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
(c)    http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
(d)    https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
(e)    https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
(f)    https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
14.2  Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
14.3  If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our website
15. Our details
15.1  This website is owned and operated by Biologics Consulting Group, Inc.
15.2  Our principal place of business is at 1555 King Street, Suite 300, Alexandria VA 22314 USA.
15.3  You can contact us:
(a)    by post, to the postal address given above;
(b)    Using our website contact form;
(c)    by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time
(d)    by email, at info@biologicsconsulting.com
Contact An Expert
Corporate Headquarters
1555 King Street, Suite 300 · Alexandria, VA 22314
Phone: 703.739.5695 · Toll Free: 800.485.0106 · Fax: 703.548.7457
Get Directions
Maryland Location
199 E. Montgomery Avenue, Suite 100 · Rockville, MD 20850
Phone: 240.599.8040
Get Directions
Stay Up to Date |
Email*
Would you like to receive periodic informational and educational content on the latest research, developments and regulations from Biologics Consulting?*YesNoCAPTCHA
Careers · Privacy Policy · Terms & Conditions · Sitemap
© 2020 Biologics Consulting Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Corporate Headquarters
1555 King Street, Suite 300
Alexandria, VA 22314
Phone: 703.739.5695
Toll Free: 800.485.0106
Fax: 703.548.7457
Get Directions
Maryland Location
199 E. Montgomery Avenue, Suite 100
Rockville, MD 20850
Phone: 240.599.8040
Get Directions
Stay Up to Date |
Email*
Would you like to receive periodic informational and educational content on the latest research, developments and regulations from Biologics Consulting?*YesNoCAPTCHA
Careers · Privacy Policy · Terms & Conditions · Sitemap
© 2020 Biologics Consulting Group, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
About
About Us
Leadership
Our Difference
Our Clients
Experience
Biologics
Pharmaceuticals
Devices
Biosimilars
Global Clients
Services
Consulting Services
Support Services
Specialty Groups
FAQ
Team
Collaboration
Client Engagement
Featured Consultants
Professional Staff
News / Events
Press Releases
Upcoming Events
Webinars / Podcasts
White Papers
Contact
Contact Us
Locations
Careers
Partnership Opportunities
Industry Alerts
Payment
Blog
Careers
Payment
COVID-19 RESPONSE
On behalf of the entire team at Biologics Consulting, we hope that you are well and staying healthy. As a global community, we face the challenge of responding and preparing appropriately for the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, responsible for the COVID-19 pandemic. While this is uncharted territory for all of us, we at Biologics Consulting are doing all we can to help ensure the safety and well-being of our employees, maintaining operational excellence and supporting our clients around the world.
Learn how we are committed to the uninterrupted delivery of exceptional work to our clients as we continue to navigate and respond to this global crisis.
Learn More
×
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience.
Read more.OK