https://www.theshanngroup.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
In this Privacy Policy, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’ refers to any entity owned or controlled by Shann Australia Pty Ltd ACN 006 884 457.
We recognise the importance of protecting and maintaining your personal information.  We appreciate that you may have concerns about your privacy and about the security, accuracy and confidentiality of your personal information. We are committed to providing you with the highest quality professional service whilst also protecting your privacy.  We abide by the Australian Privacy Principles (APP) established under the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012 and the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) incorporating the APP (Privacy Act).
This Privacy Policy outlines how we handle personal information.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information collected by us that is exempted under the Privacy Act, for example employee records.
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect its current privacy practices.
DEFINITIONS
In this policy, unless the context otherwise requires:
Associated Third Parties means individuals, companies and other entities with whom we work to provide our products and Services;
Personal Information has the meaning given under the Privacy Act;
Privacy Officer means the person responsible for assisting you with your enquires in relation to this policy as specified at paragraph 12;
Services mean the services that we provide including the provision of goods and services; and
Website means our website http://www.thewegroup.com/.
Management of Personal Information
This Privacy Policy is available on our Website or may be obtained by contacting our Privacy Officer.  If you have any queries or complaints about our compliance with the APP, please contact our Privacy Officer using the ‘How to Contact Us’ information shown below.
If you believe that we have breached the APP, please contact our Privacy Officer in writing.  We will respond to you within 30 days.  If you are not satisfied with our response, you may take your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Collection of Personal Information
When you deal with us or with our Website, we might collect Personal Information from you, including but not limited to:
name and contact details;
date of birth and gender;
bank account details; and
documentation used for identification and verification purposes.
How Personal Information is collected
It may be necessary for us to collect your Personal Information from a third party. For example, we may collect your Personal Information from your personal representative or a publicly available record.
We may also collect Personal Information about you from your use of our websites and information you provide to us through contact mailboxes or through the application process on our websites or on paper.
We collect Personal Information by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive way.
Holding Personal Information
We hold Personal Information in hard copy and electronic formats.
Purpose for collecting, holding, using and disclosing Personal Information
We may collect, hold, use or disclose Personal Information:
to provide Services by us or Associated Third Parties;
to manage any conflict of interest or independence (including auditor independence) obligations or situations; or
for any other business related purposes.
We take the protection of your Personal Information seriously and take all reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorised access, misuse, loss and unauthorised disclosure or modification. Examples of our protection measures include:
passwords;
firewalls;
staff training, monitoring, and assessment; and
allowing access to Personal Information only after the person seeking the access has satisfied our identification requirements.
Your Personal Information may be stored by our domain host, email provider and/or backup service provider. These people may be located overseas.
Your Personal Information may be given to third party email service providers to facilitate our newsletter marketing campaigns. They are not permitted to use your Personal Information for any other purpose.
Use or disclosure of Personal Information
We will not use or disclose your Personal Information that we collect other than for the primary purpose for which it is collected, unless you would reasonably expect us to use or disclose the information for a secondary purpose or your consent has been obtained to use the information for additional purposes.
We may disclose your Personal Information as required by law, such as to the Australian Taxation Office.
Where we have collected Personal Information from you, we may use this information for the purpose of direct marketing, to conduct surveys, to notify you of seminars and other events, to seek your feedback and for any other reasonable business related purposes.
Privacy on our website
Cookies and other technologies are used by us and its service providers on some of our websites and through email to automatically collect certain types of information. The collection of this information allows us to customise your online experience, improve the performance, usability and effectiveness of our online presence and to measure the effectiveness of our marketing activities.
An IP address is a number assigned to your computer whenever you access the internet. It allows computers and servers to recognise and communicate with one another. Public IP addresses from which visitors appear to originate may be recorded for IT security and system diagnostic purposes. This information may also be used in aggregate form to conduct web site trend and performance analysis.
Cookies may be placed on your computer or internet-enabled device whenever you visit us online. This allows the site to remember your computer or device and serves a number of purposes.
Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can choose whether or not to accept cookies via your browser’s settings (often found in your browser’s Tools or Preferences menu). You may also delete cookies from your device at any time. However, please be aware that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to fully experience some of our web sites’ features
Cookies by themselves do not tell us your email address or otherwise identify you personally. In our analytical reports, we may obtain other identifiers including public IP addresses, but this is for the purpose of identifying the number of unique visitors to our web sites and geographic origin of visitor trends, and not to identify individual visitors.
We may collect and use the geographical location of your computer or mobile device. This location data is collected for the purpose of providing you with information regarding Services which we believe may be of interest to you based on your geographic location, and to improve our location-based products and Services.
Our web sites may include functionality to enable sharing via third party social media applications, such as the Facebook Like button and Twitter widget. These social media applications may collect and use information regarding your use of We web sites. Any personal information that you provide via such social media applications may be collected and used by other members of that social media application and such interactions are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide the application. We do not have control over, or responsibility for, those companies or their use of your information.
Our websites may contain links to third parties’ websites, including sites maintained by our affiliates. Those other websites are not subject to our privacy policy and procedures. You will need to review those websites to view a copy of their privacy policy.
Security
We will take reasonable steps to keep collected Personal Information secure and protected from unauthorised disclosure or other access, misuse, interference and loss. There are, of course, inherent risks in the storage and transmission of information electronically (including over the internet) which are not practicable to eliminate entirely.
Quality
We will take reasonable steps to ensure the Personal Information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
Corrections and Access
We will provide access to you regarding your Personal Information on your request to our Privacy Officer, except where we are permitted by law to withhold such access.
On request from you, we will take reasonable steps to correct your Personal Information that we hold and we will respond to your request within 30 days of receipt of such request.
If you are not satisfied with the outcome of your request, you can refer your issue to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
How to contact us
If you have a query in relation to this Privacy Policy or you would like to notify us that you no longer wish to receive marketing material from us, access or correct your Personal Information or to make a complaint about our handling of your Personal Information, please contact our Privacy Officer as follows:
Natalie McLeod
1/73 Gower Street, Preston VIC 3072
(03) 8480 0800
privacy@we.com.au
Copyright 2020 © The Shann Group >Privacy Policy>
Terms & Conditions
AllUncategorizedBEDDINGRV/CARAVANCLOTHING INDUSTRYECOBAGSFURNITUREINDUSTRIAL FABRICSLEATHERMARINE
MenuHomeOUR PRODUCTSINDUSTRIAL FABRICSabshade meshaccessoriesadhesivesawning and mesh fabricsbird nettingbuckleseyeletsfoamsgeomembraneshardware / fittingshook & loopjutes / hessiankedermachine diesmachinerypress studsscissorsshockcordtarp / cover fabricstension structure fabricsthreadstruck side curtainvelcro brand hook & loopvinylwaddingwebbingzips CloseCLOTHING INDUSTRYaccessoriesadhesives / gluesbucklesburrs & rivetsbuttonscordselasticseyeletsfabricshook & loopmachine diesmachinerypaddle fastenerspinspress studsscissorstack buttonsthreadsvelcro brand CloseFURNITURE INDUSTRYaccessoriesadhesivesbraids and cordsbutton mouldscardboardcastors and leg glidesclips and joinerscup holderscushion insertsdust cover fabricselasticsfoamfurniture legsglue systemsheadrest mechanismshook & loopjutes / hessianleathersmachinerynailsneedlespinspipingplastic bagsrecliner actionsrecliner spare partsscissorssofabedsslatted bedssprings & wiresstaplesthreadstoolstwinesvelcrovinylwaddingwall beds by sedacwebbingzips CloseBEDDING INDUSTRYaccessoriesadhesives / gluesbedsfabricsglue systemslatexleatherslegsmattress padspinsplastic bagsscissorsslatted bedsspringsstaplesthreadswebbing CloseRV/CARAVANaccessoriesadhesives/gluescardboard & backtackingclips & joinerscurtain fabricsdust coverelasticsfoams & cushionsfootrest mechanismGlue systemsHook & loopjutes / hessianleathersnailsneedlespinspipingscissorssofabedsslatted bedssprings & wiresstaplesthreadstoolstwinesvelcrovinylwaddingwebbingzips CloseLEATHERpigmentedsemi-anilineanilinerawhideaccessories CloseECOBAGSnon-woven bagshessiancalico CloseMARINE CloseAbout Us
Login
Newsletter
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?