http://www.ohe.org/terms-and-conditions
Jump to navigation
Contact us
HomeAbout UsCharitable StatusMeet the TeamAdvisory CommitteesHow to Find UsContact UsOpportunitiesOHE FundingVisiting FellowsResearchEconomics of InnovationPolicy, Organisation and Incentives in Health SystemsValue, Affordability, and Decision MakingMeasuring and Valuing OutcomesConsultingCase StudiesConsulting ReportsInternational ExperienceOur ClientsOur TeamEventsPublicationsOHE News
You are hereHome »
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This page (together with the documents to which it refers) sets out the terms of use that govern your use of our website www.ohe.org (the “site”), whether as a guest or a registered user, and the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us, in accordance with our privacy policy and applicable law Please read carefully before you start to use the site.
1. Acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of use of this websiteBy using our site, you indicate that you accept these Terms and Conditions and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please refrain from using our site.
2. Information about uswww.ohe.org is operated by the Office of Health Economics (“OHE” or “We”).
The Office of Health Economics (OHE) (registered number 09848965) and OHE Consulting Ltd (a registered company number 09853113) are companies limited by guarantee registered in England and Wales.  Both companies are registered office at 7th Floor Southside, 105 Victoria Street, London, SW1E 6QT. Our VAT number is 229 5431 03.
OHE is also a registered charity in England and Wales with a charity registration number 1170829.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is the Association of the British Pharmaceutical Industry (ABPI).
3. Accessing our siteAccess to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of our site, or our entire site, to onlty those users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions.
When using our site, you must comply with the provisions of our acceptable use policy (see sections 10 and 11 below).
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site.
The OHE promotes inclusion for all, regardless of disability, capability or technology. We have undertaken to use our knowledge and understanding of the ways in which different people access the Internet to develop a site that is clear and simple for everybody to use.
This site has been designed to be highly accessible and usable in accordance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG v2.0) published by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C), available here:  http://www.w3.org/TR/WCAG20/.
Should you have difficulty accessing information on any page of this site, please contact info@ohe.org, giving the URLs of the pages concerned and outlining your requirements. We will endeavour to supply the information to you in another form.
4. Intellectual property rightsWe own or are the licensee of all rights, title and interest in and to the site and all of the content, software, code, data and other materials therein, and the look-and-feel, design and organisation of any aspect thereof, including any copyrights, trade mark rights and other intellectual property and proprietary rights contained therein All such rights are reserved.
Your use of the site does not grant to you ownership or title of, in or to any of the intellectual property and/or proprietary rights contained therein. Other than as set out in section 5, nothing contained in or provided through the site should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any intellectual property rights belonging to OHE or third parties, without the prior written consent of OHE or that of the third-party rights holder. The website is for your personal and non-commercial use only.
"OHE" (Trade Marks 1375523 and 1375526) and "Office of Health Economics" (Trade Mark 2399801) are UK registered trademarks of the Office of Health Economics, 7th Floor Southside, 105 Victoria Street, London, SW1E 6QT.
5. Using resources from and linking to the site
You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site or from e-publications available free of charge for your personal non-commercial reference and you may draw the attention of others to material posted on our site.
You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
5.1. Using the site as a reference workIf you wish to use the site or any of the materials on it as a reference work, you must not modify the materials in any way and you must always acknowledge our status (and that of any identified contributors) as author(s) of the materials.
Using extracts for other purposes (e.g. commercial)If you wish to use the whole or any part of an OHE resource within your own documents or resources, you must obtain a licence to do so from us or our licensors. You are not permitted to republish any part of the site on another website, in any other medium (print, electronic or otherwise) or as part of any commercial service without our prior written consent.
5.2. Linking to the siteYou may link to our site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. Our site must not be framed on any other site. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our acceptable use policy (see sections 10 and 11 below).
If you wish to make an application to OHE for use of any material published on our site please address your request to info@ohe.org.
6. Reliance on information postedMaterials posted on, and downloadable from, this website are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. OHE disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to the website, or by anyone who may be informed of its contents.
Information provided on this website has been provided in good faith and the OHE uses reasonable care to ensure the information is up to date. However, the OHE makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy, completeness or currency of such information; although OHE may make reasonable efforts to correct any information it understands to be inaccurate.
7. Our site changes frequentlyWe aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content, layout and means of accessing certain functions on the site at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to any part of our site, or close it indefinitely, without prior notice. At any time the material on our site may be out of date, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
8. Our liabilityThe material displayed on our site, is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the fullest extent permitted by law, OHE and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms that might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for:
o loss of income or revenue;o loss of business;o loss of profits or contracts;o loss of anticipated savings;o loss of data;o loss of goodwill;o wasted management or office time; ando for any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions seeks to exclude our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
9. Hard-copy publications
9.1. Direct sales via the siteOHE resources and publications are available to download as e-copies free of charge.
You may order ready-printed and bound copies of OHE resources where available. There will be charges involved to cover the cost of producing the printed copies, packaging and shipping. The amount of any charges will be notified either on the site or on application. You should apply to purchase hard-copies by e-mailing us, unless otherwise specified on the website.
After placing an order, you will receive an e-mail from us acknowledging that we have received your order. Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted; we will need to check whether the document(s) requested is/are available.
Your order constitutes an offer to us. Orders are accepted by us only when we take successful payment, at which point the contract between us (the “Contract”) will be formed, and the document(s) will be despatched to you.
Fourteen calendar days: cancelling the ContractIf you are contracting as a consumer, you may cancel the Contract at any time within fourteen calendar days from the date of contracting. To cancel the Contract, you must inform us in writing. You must also return the document(s) to us as soon as reasonably practicable, and at your own cost. Where you have cancelled the Contract between us in line with the above, you will receive a full refund of the charges paid for the document(s), plus any applicable delivery charges. We will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day on which we received notice of cancellation. We will usually refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for the document(s).
You have a legal obligation to take reasonable care of the document(s) while they are in your possession. If you fail to comply with this obligation, we may have a right of action against you for compensation.
10. Acceptable use: uploading or posting material to our siteWhenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload material to our site or to make contact with other users of our site, you warrant that any such contribution complies with these acceptable use standards.
Although we may from time to time monitor, moderate or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the site, we are under no obligation to do so and we assume no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, racism, discrimination, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information posted on the website.
We reserve the right at all times, in our absolute discretion, and without need to give notice or reason, to remove or delete or refuse to publish any material you submit for inclusion on this website, whether or not in actual or suspected breach of these Terms and Conditions of use.
In the event that you decide to submit any material for inclusion on the site (including without limitation any personal information, know-how, comments, ideas, questions, techniques, abstracts, web-links, photographs or similar), you agree:1. That such material will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary and that you have the right to publish such information without breaching any other person’s IP rights, including your employer. 2. To grant OHE a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive licence to use, copy, modify, adapt, distribute, publicly display, translate and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose whatsoever without restriction.3. To indemnify us in full for any loss it suffers as a breach of these Terms and Conditions of use by you or with your authority.4. To grant a non-exclusive licence to all other users of the site to read and reproduce your point of view by printing it off or by referring to it elsewhere.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our site.
Please note that once a posting has been made, unless you apply to the moderator to have the text you have submitted removed, or the moderator in their reasonable opinion decides to remove it in any event, the posting will remain freely available to other users of the site.
11. Unacceptable use of this siteYou may only use the site for lawful purposes at all times and you shall not do anything which damages, interferes with, disrupts access to, interrupts or impairs the functionality of the website or inhibits other users’ use and enjoyment of the website.  We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
In particular you must not:
Post any content or any link to another site containing materials that is an advertisement or offer to sell goods or services
Misrepresent your identity or status or employer’s name
Remove or attempt to change the content of any materials posted by other parties
Post any material in a way that suggests it is authorised or endorsed or posted by the OHE
Use material posted by other parties to collect or process other people’s personal data
Knowingly, upload or send material that does not comply with our acceptable use standards
Transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam)
Use the website in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation
Post or transmit any unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, libellous, defamatory, untrue, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, harassing, menacing, racist, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability (such as but not limited to being in breach of confidence or privacy, or of any IP rights belonging to someone else including your employer), or otherwise violate any law.
Failure to comply with these terms constitutes a material breach of these Terms and Conditions and may result in OHE taking all or any of the following actions as we deem appropriate:
Immediate or future, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the site
Immediate or future, temporary or permanent removal of any posting or material uploaded by you to the site
Issue of a warning to you
Legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs and damages on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from the breach
Further legal action against you and
Disclosure of such information to law enforcement authorities as we reasonably feel is necessary.
12. Viruses, hacking and other offencesYou must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing malware, viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
13. Links from our siteWhere our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. These sites will operate their own terms of use, legal notices and data protection and privacy policies. Please refer to those documents prior to interacting with such sites. We do not accept responsibility for the use of your personal information by such sites.
We reserve the right to terminate any link or linking program at any time.  We do not endorse companies or products to which we link and we reserve the right to note as such on the site.  If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to our site, you do so entirely at your own risk.
Sign UpforOHEUpdates
Readaboutourresearch
Learnaboutourconsulting