http://www.aperionaudio.com/pages/termsandconditions
Electronics
Receiver
Marantz
Denon
Peachtree
Streaming amp
Reviews
Professional Reviews
Video Reviews & Unboxing Speakers
Customer Reviews
Customer Gallery
Instagram Feed
Contest Winners
Company
Our Story
The Aperion Advantage
Aperion University
Contact
Dealers & Distribution
Search
Home
Terms and Conditions
Shipping
Aperion Audio prides itself on providing free shipping on regularly priced items. We typically will ship your product within 1 business day on in-stock items. Shipping time depends on your location relative to our distribution facilities, but typically your product will arrive between 2-7 business days. Any order where the billing address and shipping address do not match may require additional time to process. In some situations, orders may be delayed for verification. When your order ships, we will email you a tracking number which will allow you to determine when your product will be delivered. All shipments via UPS and FedEx are delivered as signature required, unless otherwise specified. For products shipped via freight, our carrier will contact you to schedule delivery, and you must be present to receive the shipment. Please note, if the outer packaging is obviously damaged beyond normal wear and tear, you must note the damage with the delivery driver upon delivery; or you may reject the shipment. The shipment would then be returned to Aperion Audio for replacement. If concealed damage is encountered after opening the product, please document the damage with photos and immediately contact us to arrange for a return and replacement.
You are responsible for opening and inspecting your product within 24 hours of receipt. If Aperion Audio is not notified immediately after concealed shipping damage is encountered, we cannot be responsible for replacing the product.Aperion Audio’s free return shipping policy does not apply to discounted or open box items.
Web Site Usage Terms and Conditions
This website – https://www.aperionaudio.com (the “Site”) is being made available to you free-of-charge.  The terms "you", "your", and "yours" refer to anyone accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Site.  The terms "Aperion Audio", "we", "us", and "our" refer to Aperion Audio, its affiliates and subsidiaries.  We reserve the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time and to revise these Terms and Conditions from time to time as we see fit.  As such, you should check these Terms and Conditions periodically.  Changes will not apply to any orders we have already accepted unless the law requires.  If you violate any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions you will have your access canceled and you may be permanently banned from accessing, viewing, browsing and using the Site.  Your accessing, viewing, browsing and/or using the Site after we post changes to these Terms and Conditions constitutes your acceptance and agreement to those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them.  At the bottom of this page, we will notify you of the date these Terms and Conditions were last updated. Entering the Site will constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.  If you do not agree to abide by these terms, please do not enter the Site.
ABOUT US
This site is operated by Aperion Audio.   We are an Oregon based company and our principal place of business is located at 25599 SW 95th Ave. Suite D, Wilsonville, Oregon 97070.
DISCRIMINATION
We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or religion.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy and Security Policy, which also governs your visit to the Site.  To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of the Privacy and Security Policy and the Terms and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions shall govern.
COPYRIGHT
You acknowledge that the Site contains information, text, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, and other material (collectively "Content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights in databases and/or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed.  All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws, and we own a copyright and/or database right in the selection, coordination, arrangement, presentment and enhancement of such Content.  You may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from or adaptations of, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part.  If no specific restrictions are displayed, you may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for your personal use and that you maintain any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by the fair use privilege under the U.S. copyright laws (see, e.g., 17 U.S.C. Section 107), your legal rights in relation to “fair dealing” under European copyright law, or your legal rights under any other similar copyright law, you may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other propriety right.Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use the Site or any information displayed on the Site, through the use of framing, deep linking or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions; or (b) with our prior written permission or the prior written permission from such third party that may own the trademark or copyright of information displayed on the Site.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
We rely on a network of independent contractors, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party Content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, merchants, licensors and the like (collectively, "Associates") who supply some of the goods advertised on the Site and, in some cases, may drop ship them directly to our customers. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we are not liable for any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising out of Content posted on or transmitted through the Site, or items advertised on the Site, by our Associates.  If you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any Content posted on or transmitted through the Site, or items advertised on the Site, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending Content and/or advertisements.  It is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the Site.  In order for us to investigate your claim of infringement, you must provide us with the following information:An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest; A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you believe has been infringed; A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located or identified on the Site; Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information submitted to us is accurate and that you are the owner of the copyright or intellectual property or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or intellectual property. The above information should be provided to our agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement, who can be reached as follows:By mail:Registered Agent c/o Aperion Audio 25599 SW 95th Ave. Suite DWilsonville, OR 97070By phone:(503) 598-8815
TRADEMARKS
Aperion, Aperion Audio, aperionaudio.com and other marks which may or may not be designated on the Site by a “™” “®” “SM” or other similar designation, are registered, pending or unregistered trademarks or service marks of Aperion Audio, in the United States and other countries.  Our graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Aperion Audio.  Aperion Audio’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Aperion Audio’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Aperion Audio.  All other trademarks not owned by us that appear on the Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Aperion Audio.
SITE ACCESS
You may not download (other than page caching) or modify the Site or any portion of it without our express, prior written consent.  This includes: a prohibition on any resale or commercial use of the Site or its Content; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use or making adaptations of the Site or its Content; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; and any use of data mining, screen-scraping, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.  The Site or any portion of the Site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express, prior written consent.  You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Aperion Audio or its Associates without our express, prior written consent.  You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express, prior written consent.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you submit through “My Account” and the corresponding password and for restricting access to your computer.  You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under “My Account” or password. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts and to remove or edit content submitted by you in the “My Account” area of the Site.
EXPORT
The U.S. export control laws regulate the export and re-export of technology originating in the United States.  This includes the electronic transmission of information and software to foreign countries and to certain foreign nationals.  You agree to abide by these laws and their regulations.
LINKS
We are not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to or from the Site or any bulletin board associated with us or the Site.  These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk.  Unless otherwise noted, any other website accessed from the Site are independent from us, and we have no control over the content of that other website.  In addition, a link to any other web site does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or use of such other website.In no event shall any reference to any third party or third party product or service be construed as our approval or endorsement of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
The Site is provided on an "AS IS," "as available" basis.  Neither Aperion Audio, nor its Associates warrant that use of the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free.  Neither Aperion Audio, nor its Associates warrant the accuracy, integrity, or completeness of the Content provided on the Site or the products or services offered for sale on the Site.  Further, Aperion Audio makes no representation that Content provided on the Site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States.  Unless expressly stated otherwise, Aperion Audio specifically disclaims warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability or warranties of fitness for a particular purpose.  No oral advice or written information given by Aperion Audio or its Associates shall create a warranty.  You expressly agree that your access to, viewing of, browsing, visiting or use of the Site is at your sole risk.Under no circumstances shall Aperion Audio or its Associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the Site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at the Site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Aperion Audio records, programs or services.  The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply whether in an action at law, including but not limited to contract, negligence, or other tortious action; or an action in equity, even if an authorized representative of Aperion Audio has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages.  You hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all Content, products and services available through the Site.  Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.Although we take steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of product and third-party service descriptions posted on the Site, please refer to the manufacturer or Associates for details.The products on our Site are intended for specific applications and / or uses.  As such, you assume the risk when purchasing products for any use that does not comply with the intended application and / or use.
ONLINE CONDUCT
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes.  You are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the Site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racial, ethnic, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that is or that encourages fraudulent activity or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, federal, or international law.  If we are notified of or suspect allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive Content provided by you (e.g., through an author chat or online review), we may (but without any obligation) investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such Content from the Site.  We may disclose any Content or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Site; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Aperion Audio, its Associates, our users and customers and/or you.We reserve the right to prohibit conduct, communication, or Content that we deem in our sole discretion to be unlawful or harmful to you, the Site, Site users, our customers or any rights of Aperion Audio or any third party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Aperion Audio nor its Associates can ensure prompt removal of questionable Content after online posting.  Accordingly, neither Aperion Audio, nor its Associates assume any liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication, or Content on the Site.
TERMINATION OF USAGE
We may terminate your access or suspend your right to access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law, is in breach of these Terms and Conditions or is harmful to the interests of other users, Associates, or us. In addition, we reserve the right to refuse an order from any customer in our sole discretion.
USAGE BY MINORS
This Site is not intended for or directed to persons who are minors (typically persons under the age of 18, depending on where you live).  Because we cannot prohibit minors from accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Site, we must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising minors to decide which materials are appropriate for minors to view and/or purchase.  By registering with this Site, purchasing products from us or providing us with any information, you represent to us that you are legally permitted to enter into a binding contract (18 years of age or older in most jurisdictions) or, if you are under the legal age of consent, you have the express permission from your parent or guardian and that any information you provide to us is not inaccurate, deceptive or misleading.We require that all purchases be made either (i) by individuals who are not minors and who can legally enter into binding contracts (typically persons 18 years of age or older, depending on where you live), or (ii) by minors with the permission of a parent or guardian to purchase items on the Site.
APPLICABLE LAW
If you access the Site from anywhere in the United States, Canada, China, Australia, or the U.K. you agree that the laws of the State of Oregon, USA, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Aperion Audio and/or its Associates.
DISPUTES
If you access the Site from within the United States or Canada, any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site, to these Terms and Conditions, to our Privacy and Security Policy, to our advertising or solicitation practices or to products you purchase through the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Portland, Oregon, USA, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Aperion Audio's intellectual property rights, Aperion Audio may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Oregon, USA and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.  Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association.  The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our Privacy and Security Policy, Returns Policy, Shipping & Delivery Policy and others, all of which are incorporated herein by this reference and are posted on the Site and may be accessed by using the Search Help function on this page.  These policies also govern your visit to the Site.  We reserve the right to make changes to the Site, policies, and these Terms and Conditions at any time.  If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
HOW TO ORDER THROUGH THE SITE
After placing an order, you will receive an email from us acknowledging that we have received your order (“Order Confirmation”). Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a product.  All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email confirming the shipment of your order (the “Shipping Confirmation”). A contract with us will only be formed when we send you the Shipping Confirmation.  The contract will relate only to those products whose shipment we have confirmed in the Shipping Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other products which may have been part of your order in a separate Order Confirmation.  We reserve the right to cancel your order at any time before we have accepted it and we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order where there has been an obvious error in price or where the product is no longer in our or our third-party fulfillment provider’s inventory.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS
Prices and availability of products on the Site are subject to change without notice.  Errors will be corrected when discovered.  Our Site contains a large number of products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products listed on our Site may be incorrectly priced. We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a product's correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the Product to you.  If a product’s correct price is higher than the price stated on our Site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection. We are under no obligation to provide the product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you an Order Confirmation or a Shipping Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognized by you as a pricing error.On occasion, you may be able to place a product in your shopping cart and submit your order for processing, but your order is subsequently cancelled due to unavailability of product.  You acknowledge that products may sell quickly and there may be a short period of time after an order has been submitted, but where the product is no longer available.  You agree that we may cancel your order after you have received an Order Confirmation without penalty.On very rare occasions, you may receive a Shipping Confirmation from us, but the product is no longer available in our or our third party fulfillment provider’s inventory.  You agree that we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order without penalty if we are unable to ship the product you ordered due to unavailability.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from Aperion Audio are made pursuant to a shipment contract.  This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon tender of the item to the carrier.
Delivery Times
Your order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Shipping Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then within a reasonable time of the date of the Shipping Confirmation, which could in exceptional circumstances be longer than 30 days.
Disclaimers of Warranty and Limitations of Liability
To all international customers only, we warrant to you that, where you buy a product as a consumer, any product purchased from us through our Site is of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which products of the kind are commonly supplied and will conform with description or sample.Our liability for losses any international customer suffers as a result of us breaking these Terms and Conditions or anything else we do or do not do in connection with any order is strictly limited to the purchase price of the product you purchased and any losses which are a foreseeable consequence of us breaking the agreement.  Losses are foreseeable where they could reasonably be contemplated by the parties at the time your order is accepted by us.We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable, including but not limited to: (a) loss of income or revenue; (b) loss of business; (c) loss of profits or contracts; (d) loss of anticipated savings; (e) loss of data; or (f) waste of management or office time however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise.This does not in any way limit or exclude any liability of us (a) under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987, (b) for breach of any condition as to title or quiet enjoyment implied by section 12 Sale of Goods Act 1979 or section 2 Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982; (c) for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or (d) for fraudulent misrepresentation.Other than the warranties and other assurances we give you in these Terms and Conditions, Aperion Audio specifically disclaims all warranties, conditions and other terms of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied terms of satisfactory quality or fitness for purpose.  No oral advice or written information given by Aperion Audio shall create a warranty (unless made fraudulently).
Applicable Law
If you access the Site from anywhere other than the United States or Canada, you agree that United States law will govern these Terms and Conditions and the purchase of products by you through the Site and that any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Aperion Audio or its affiliates and subsidiaries shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Oregon, United States.These Terms and Conditions were last revised and made effective as of January 1, 2020.
Home
Holiday Savings Event 2020
Shop
Speakers by Family
Verus Speakers
Novus Speakers
Bravus Subwoofers
Super Tweeter Speakers
Allaire Bluetooth Gaming Speakers
In-Wall In-Ceiling & Outdoor Speakers
Open-box / Clearance
Speakers by Type
Tower Speakers
Bookshelf & Slim Speakers
Center Channel Speakers
Subwoofers
Surround & Height Speakers
In-Wall In-Ceiling & Outdoor Speakers
Bluetooth Speakers
Open Box / Clearance
Receivers Amplifiers & Electronics
Marantz
Denon
Peachtree
Streaming Amps
Audio Accessories
Speaker Stands & Wall Mounts
Speaker Wire Cables & Plugs
About
About Aperion
Our Story
The Aperion Advantage
Aperion University
Contact
Photo Gallery
Customer Pictures
Instagram Photo Gallery
Contest Winners
Reviews
Professional Reviews
Video Reviews and Unboxing Speakers
Customer Reviews
Dealers & Affiliates
Affiliates
Dealers & Distribution
Blog
Product successfully added to your shopping cart
Qty:
TOTAL:
View Cart
There are
items in your cart
TOTAL:
CONTINUE SHOPPING
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
Added to cart successfully!
CONTINUE SHOPPING
View Cart
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT