http://www.imsbarter.com/company-info/privacy-policy
Serving Business Communities for over 35 years
Editor's Choice
Franchise
Corporate
Join Now
Sign In
Contact
Home
Save Cash
Attract New Customers
Increase Sales
Learn More
See How IMS Works
Save cash
Shop with Trade
Attract New Customers
Sales and Marketing Team
Increase Sales on Trade
Everyday Selling Price
What are Trade Dollars?
Online IMS Account
Join IMS Barter
About IMS Barter
Affiliations
More Information
IMS in the News
IMS Barter Million Dollar Club
Increase Purchasing Power
Expand Market Penetration
Develop Distribution Channels
IMS Million Dollar Club
Try It
Member Directory
Marketplace
Travel
IMS Barter Privacy Policy
This policy covers how IMS treats personal information that IMS collects and receives, including information related to your past use of IMS services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that IMS does not own or control, or to people that IMS does not employ or manage.
The Information We Collect
IMS collects personal information when you open an account on-line or register an existing account on our website.
When you open an account on-line, we ask for information such as your name, address, phone number, federal identification number, social security number and email address.
IMS automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including IP address, DNS address, date and time and your account number.
IMS uses the information for the following general purposes: to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, and to contact you.
IMS does not use persistent cookies or tracking mechanisms that collect personally identifying information on our site. Session based cookies are used to tailor the website to bring you more relevant content.
This website links to sites maintained and operated by other organizations. Once you access another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site.
How The Information Is Used And Disclosed
IMS does not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of IMS' terms of use or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if IMS is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, IMS will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Confidentiality and Security
IMS uses secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect the transmission of the information you submit to us when you open a trade account or access an existing account.
Email that you send us is not necessarily secure against interception. If your email communication includes sensitive information like your Social Security Number or credit card numbers, contact us by mail or telephone.
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Changes to Policy
IMS may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the address we have on file or by placing a prominent notice on our site at least 30 days prior to any changes taking effect. You may contact us with any questions or concerns at:
International Monetary Systems, LTD
New Berlin, WI 53151
(262) 780-3640
Effective Date: November 23, 2020.