http://www.brothersinternational.com/privacy-brothers-international
+1 585 343 3007 info@brothersinternational.com
Our Response to Covid-19 Learn More
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
We live by the principle, "Don't do to others what you don't want done to you". We will never give out or share your private information with any 3rd parties in any way whatsoever. We protect your privacy just like we do our own. We really dislike junk/spam emails and we know that you do too. We pledge to never share this information with any third party entity without your direct express written permission.
However, we do reserve the right to utilize email addresses captured on our website for our own internal business purposes such as our "automated reminders" that are sent to existing customers. "Automated reminder" communications with our customers may include shipping notifications, abandoned cart reminders, account inactivity reminders and the like. However, we will not spam our customers and will never share their information with any other companies or organizations.
If you have signed up for our Weekly Promotional Emails and you want to stop receiving these emails, which do not include our "automated reminders" (as listed directly above), then you can do so by simply clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any of the Weekly Promotional Emails that we have sent. (OR) You can call us and ask to be removed from our Weekly Promotional Emails. (Please note that these weekly marketing emails include special discounts and coupons, which can save you money on our products.)
We use Google remarketing services to advertise online; showing ads across the internet to those that have visited our website. These ads are based on information gathered from the pages viewed on our website. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits to our website. If you do not wish to view these ads you can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings.
Security for your Personal Information
All of your information on this website is funneled through an industry standard encrypted SSL tunnel to our eCommerce web server. This 128-bit encryption keeps your private information secure while in transit between your computer, our eCommerce servers, and any authorized 3rd party credit card processing centers (such as CyberSource and PayPal).
Additionally, our eCommerce system (shopping cart) is a web application service of BigCommerce, and this service is certified 100% PCI-compliant. This means that the credit card industry itself has certified our shopping cart system and the servers that our web pages are hosted on and served from as being 100% secure.
Your private information is completely safe with us when processing a transaction on this website. After your transaction has gone through the credit card processing center (which then funnels the money for your order into our bank account) we do not even retain the credit card number or other credit card information. It is important to note that our eCommerce system does not store your credit card number, therefore you will have to retype your credit card number every time you place an order. This is for your own security. However, our eCommerce system will retain your billing and shipping addresses as well as your account history, so you will not have to re-enter your address each time you place an order.
As noted above, please note that our eCommerce system does not store our customers' credit card information (and this is also explained on our FAQs page). We can only reference transaction ID numbers and not credit card numbers, which is an additional step we have taken in keeping our customers' personal information private to the point of not storing this information on any of our servers. We have taken the extra step to keep your information safe from malice and educate you about our security in the process.
PRESSCAREERSPRIVACYDONATIONSUSA
Rochester, New York
+1 585 343-3007South America
Quito, Ecuador
+ 1 585 815 1533China
Shanghai
+1 585 343-3007
Publish the Menu module to "offcanvas" position. Here you can publish other modules as well.
Learn More.