http://www.crystalknitwear.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Crystal Knitwear Privacy Policy – updated inline with the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Crystal Knitwear is committed to safeguarding the privacy of its website visitors and users.
Who collects the information:
This policy applies where Crystal Knitwear (‘Company’) is acting as a ‘data controller’ with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. This privacy policy sets out how Crystal Knitwear uses and protects any information that you give Crystal Knitwear when you use this website.
Crystal Knitwear is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Crystal Knitwear may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective forth with.
Crystal Knitwear is a ‘data controller’ and gathers and uses certain information about you (website visitor and/or user)
What data we collect and why:
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and the performance of contracts between you and us.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website (“transaction data”). The transaction data may include your contact details, payment card/account details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The source of the transaction data is you and your banking provider.  The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, PayPal.  We will share transaction data with our payment services provider only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full .
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.  If you do not want this contact you do have the option to opt out by accessing your account at any time.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.  Your data is processed under the legal reason of ‘legitimate interests’ for this specific purpose.
Where we keep your data:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting but only if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email Lisa Bingley Company Secretary: lisa@crystalknitwear.co.uk or write to us.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If you have provided consent for the processing of your data you have the right (in certain circumstances) to withdraw that consent at any time which will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent is withdrawn.
You have the right to lodge a complaint to the informaton Commissioners Office is you do not believe we have complied with the requirements of the GDPR or DPA with regards to your personal data.
Close Menu