http://www.efeedlink.com/statement/privacy-statement.html
Market DataSpoutINFO
PublicationLivestock & Feed Business
Technical ForumCampaign & Library
EventsReview & Upcoming
SubscribeeNewsletter
Login
Privacy Statement
eFeedLink holds our customers' trust and privacy in high regard. In order to use eFeedLink's services, customers need to provide contact and billing information and details concerning their area of interests. The information collected is used to contact customers regarding our services, order status and billing purposes if subscription fees are involved. eFeedLink will never sell or provide personally identifiable information from efeedlink.com to its partners or any third party. Providing personal information on our Website will never result in "spamming," which is unsolicited email or contact from parties besides eFeedLink or parties authorized by eFeedLink.
The above applies for all sections on our website except Technical Forum whereby our sponsors will contact our customers when necessary to get feedback on their technical papers.
eFeedLink is the sole owner of the information collected on this website.
Registration
In order to use the service of this Website, a customer must first complete the registration form. During registration a customer is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the customer about the services on our Website for which they have expressed interest.
Order
We request information from the customer on our order form. Here a customer must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill the customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.
Use of Cookies
Certain aspects of our Website are not accessible to customers with cookies disabled. Our Website uses cookies to understand how you use our website and to improve your browsing experience. This includes personalizing content and advertising.
Security
This Website takes every precaution to protect our customers' information. When customers submit sensitive information via the Website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
All of our customers' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy and security, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected.
Links
This Website contains links to other Websites. Please be aware that eFeedLink is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other Websites. We encourage our customers to be aware of this when they leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our customers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify customers by way of email. Customers will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Internet Privacy Policy Statement
eFeedLink Pte Ltd. will at all times fully observe the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance ("the Ordinance") in collecting, maintaining and using the personal data of customers.
Customer's personal data are classified as confidential and can only be disclosed by us where permitted by the Ordinance or otherwise legally compelled to do so.
Requests for access to data or correction of data or for information regarding policies and practices and kinds of data held should be addressed to:
Managing DirectoreFeedLink Pte Ltd.10 Ubi Crescent,#05-88, Ubi Techpark,Singapore 408564
If you have any questions about the security at our Website, you can send an email to feedback@efeedlink.com
Video >
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Technical Paper >
Main causes of changes in liver coloration in poultry
Tuesday, October 27, 2020
In many poultry markets around the world where chicken viscera are commonly sold in supermarkets, the appearance of the liver is very important for marketing purposes. Customers ha ...
Fungisorb - complex sorbent neutralizer of toxins
Tuesday, October 27, 2020
To prevent the development of mycotoxicosis in animals, it is advisable to use mycotoxin binders. Russian manufacturer "Sibbiopharm" Ltd. offers a complex mineral-organic mycotoxin ...
Leaky gut and mycotoxins aflatoxin B1 does not increase gut permeability in broiler chickens
Tuesday, October 27, 2020
Previous studies conducted in our laboratory have demonstrated that intestinal barrier function can be adversely affected by diet ingredients or feed restriction, resulting in incr ...
Follow Us
About Us
Company Profile
Our Team
Our Products & Services
Subscription
eNewsletter
Inquiry
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Partner With Us
We use cookies to understand how you use our website and to improve your browsing experience.This includes personalizing content and advertising. By continuing to use our website, you accept our use of cookies, updated Privacy Statement and Terms of Use.Copyright ©2001 - 2020 eFeedLink. All rights reserved.