http://www.wallstreetorganization.com/index.php/about-the-wso/privacy-statement
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement - The Wall Street Organization, Inc.
Details
Parent Category: Privacy Statement
Published: Thursday, 29 March 2012 17:40
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.wallstreetorganization.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 520-529-6700 or  via Email.
HomeAbout UsInvestorsClientsOur PortfolioFinancial ServicesInvestment ResourcesNewsDownloadContact Us
Neither this website nor any of its content is an offer or a solicitation to invest in any security and does not form part of any solicitation or offering that may exist now or in the future. The content of this web site is provided for general information purposes only and is not intended to solicit the purchase of securities or be used as immigration, investment or tax advice. Security offerings, if any, will only be made pursuant to exemptions from registration requirements set out in applicable securities laws. The content of this web site is qualified in its entirety by any offering memorandum and related operating agreement that may exist now or in the future.
The Wall Street Organization, Inc.® is not, nor does it purport to be a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) .
Please read through the Terms and Conditions, © / ™ Notices, and Privacy Statement
Search ...
Member Log In
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Members Log-In
Username
Password
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?