http://www.speare.com/privacy
Speare Privacy Policy | Speare
Features
Pricing
How to videos
Support
Sign in
Get Started
Features
Pricing
How to videos
Support
Sign in
Get Started
Privacy Policy
Updated May 22, 2019
Speare, LLC ("Speare", "us", "we", or "our") owns and operates the www.speare.com and www.speare.com websites and operates the Speare web application (the "Service").
We do not collect personally identifiable information about individuals, except when it is knowingly provided by such individuals. We do not share voluntarily provided, personally identifiable information for any purpose other than its intended use.
We believe that privacy on the web is important, and we encourage you to read our privacy policy carefully, so that you will clearly understand our commitment and our method of collecting and using information.
Information Collection and Use
We collect personally identifiable information which may include but is not limited to, your first and last name, email address when you use certain features of this website. We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, communicating with you, responding to your requests, and processing your purchase receipts.
Other web tools we use include SendGrid for notifications, Infusionsoft for email campaigns, ConvertKit for onboarding emails, and FastSpring for subscription purchases. Should you wish to opt out of any of these communications methods, please use the unsubscribe link included in the communication or send us an email at support@speare.com.
Web Log File Data
We collect some basic web log file data about site visitors. This information may include IP the address, domain name, the pages in our Service that you visit, the date stamp, and time spent in the Service, and other server usage statistics. This information is used for site management and administration and to improve the content and overall performance of our site.
In addition, we may use third-party services including Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information for the purpose of increased Service performance. These third-party service providers have written their own privacy policies that state how they handle such information.
Data Security
We make every reasonable effort to ensure that all of the transactions that occur on our website are secure. When purchasing our products through our website at Speare.com, all personally identifiable data is encrypted.
Various methods of transmission over the internet and methods of electronic storage are being updated regularly by the internet and cloud communities. We are unable to guarantee the absolute security of information we have collected from you as your information passes through technology that is out of our control.
Data Breaches
We take data security seriously at Speare. We will notify you by email within 72 hours of discovering a data breach.
Cookies
We use cookies to store and collect information related to your use of our service in order to improve our services for you. For example, we use cookies to sign you into the Service and for Google Analytics.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use the features of our web applications.
Subscriptions
If you subscribe to our Service, we will keep your email address in a private distribution list. We do not use this email address list for any other purpose, and we only add individuals at their request. At any time, you may opt-out by using the unsubscribe link provided in the published email, which will remove your information from the distribution list for that part of the Service.
Email Communication
Speare does not collect your email address or telephone number unless you voluntarily submit it to us or choose to communicate with us via email, phone or other communication handles such as those used by Skype and other web communication tools. We do not sell or rent any email addresses. We may use your email to contact you with newsletters or marketing materials or updates about the Service. You may opt-out of any of emails by using the unsubscribe link provided in the email.
International Transfer
The information you provide us by way of visiting our site or by direct input may be transferred to and maintained on servers located in the United States. If you are located outside the United States and choose to use our Service, the information we collect in order to provide you the Service will be transferred to servers in the United States and processed there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
This site may have links to other sites we think may be of interest to our visitors. A link to another site does not imply an endorsement of the site's content or services.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices of sites not owned by Speare. We encourage you to be careful to read privacy statements at any site that collects personally identifiable data.
How We Use the Information
We use the information you provide to fulfill your online request, facilitate customer service and inform you of our services. We do not rent, sell or otherwise provide visitors' personal information to third parties, such as marketers.
It is possible that we could be forced to disclose personally identifiable user information in response to a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; that can happen to any organization keeping records. Disclosures may also be appropriate to protect our legal rights and the security or integrity of our website or to avoid liability. Those kinds of disclosures are highly unlikely but possible.
Privacy Policy Chages
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 23, 2016 and remains in effect including future provisions which will be effective immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and recommend that you check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your acknowledgement of the modifications and your consent to abide by and be bound by the most current Privacy Policy.
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you via either the email you provided us or by placing a notice on our website.
Deletion and Removal of Information
Non-identifiable information in our database may not be deleted. Like all responsible website publishers, Speare maintains backups as a protection against natural disasters, equipment failures, or other disruptions. Backups protect you and us because they lower the risk of losing valuable data.
Removing a record from our system does not remove that record from any backup systems immediately. It may take up to 30 days before all the information in a backup record is completely erased through the normal recycling of backups. In the meantime, as long as backup records exist, they receive the same privacy and security protections as our other records.
Our Practices
We take the security of your data seriously. These are the security precautions we have taken:
We keep an up-to-date SSL certificate that authenticates the identity of our websites and encrypts information sent to the server.
Your data is encrypted at rest in our databases in the cloud and cannot be accessed via the public internet.
We will notify you within 72 hours of discovering a data breach.
GDPR
We at Speare, LLC are committed to complying with GDPR. We offer data transfer and management tools within our Service and we ask for consent for information collection.
Data Transfer and Management Tools
Speare supports exporting in multiple ways. It is possible to make a hard copy of all content in a users account using the print feature. It is also possible to export the content in bulk to Microsoft Word. Lastly, it is possible to copy the content to the clipboard and paste it into a third-party application. We are always working on more ways to export your content.
User content and the account in its entirety can be deleted at any time from within the user's account itself. After 30 days, the content will be deleted from our servers and will no longer exist.
The user has full control over their account via their account profile and can change their first and last name, email address, channel name, and any other personal information.
Consent
For all our customers, we show a consent dialog during signup that explains our data collection practices. A customer may close their account at any time by deleting their account via their profile settings in the Service.
Processors
Microsoft Azure (Cloud Database)
Google Analytics
Sub-Processors
SendGrid (USA)
ConvertKit (USA)
FastSpring (USA)
Our Contact Information
Speare, LLC
7447 Westerfield Road
Lynden, WA 98264
United States
support@speare.com
Features
Pricing
How to videos
Blog
Support
Facebook
Twitter
Media Kit
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy