http://www.crushed.co.uk/privacy-policy/
CrushCreative
About
Work
Play
Glug
Contact
abdhc
Brighton
11 Vine Street,
Brighton, BN1 4AG
+44 (0) 1273 60 60 58
Google Map
New York
WeWork Soho,
154 Grand Street,
NY 10013
Google Map
Work with us
contact@crushed.co.uk
Represented for illustration by
agencyrush.com
info@agencyrush.com
Social
Instagram
Facebook
Vimeo
Behance
Twitter
x
CrushCreative
About
Work
Play
Glug
Contact
Crush Creative Privacy Policy
1. WHAT IS THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS FOR?
This Privacy Policy gives you information about how personal data and other private information that we collect from you (“you” or “your” being interpreted accordingly) will be used by us. When we refer to ‘personal data’ in this Policy it means any information that relates to you from which you can be identified.
By submitting your personal data you are taken to accept the terms of this Policy, so please read it carefully.
2. WHAT PERSONAL DATA MAY WE COLLECT?
We may collect the following personal data about you:
The personal details you provide (such as name, address, e-mail address)
Personal details you choose to give when corresponding with us by phone or e-mail.
3. HOW WE USE YOUR DATA
We may use your personal data in the following ways:
where we are asked to deal with any enquiries or complaints you make.
to contact you in connection with user/customer/member surveys and use any information you choose to submit in response.
we may use your personal for other purposes which you have consented to and we may combine personal data that you provide to us with other information we collect about you for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal data with third parties in the following situations:
if we need to disclose your personal data to comply with a legal obligation or to enforce our General Terms & Conditions or other applicable contract terms that you are subject to
to protect us, our members or contractors against loss or damage. This may include (without limit) exchanging information with the police, courts or law enforcement organisations.
5. SECURITY
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) such as by our subcontractors in the United States who process your payment details and/or provide IT support services. In accordance with applicable law, we will do everything we reasonably can to make sure that those subcontractors comply with appropriate security standards to protect the personal data that they handle.
Please note that the US and certain other countries outside the EEA do not provide the same legal standards for protection of your personal data that you have in the United Kingdom or EEA. By submitting your personal data, you agree to the transfer and processing of your personal data outside the EEA for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
6. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
Certain applicable data protection laws give you a right to receive information about the personal data we hold on you. You may also have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes; or where the processing of your personal data is causing unwarranted damage or distress; or, ask us to delete or correct any personal data that we hold about you which is inaccurate or no longer relevant.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please contact us as described in the CONTACT section below. We may also need to ask you for further information to verify your identity before we can respond to any request.
7. CONTACT
Questions, comments or requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to info@crushed.co.uk or, by post: Crush Creative, 11 Vine Street, BN1 4AG