http://www.thomas-insulation.com/privacy/
Home
Insulation Services
Insulation Products
Insulator Education
Publications
Company
Privacy Policy.
Our Mutual Responsibilities
Welcome to the Thomas Insulation Corporation™ web site, owned by Thomas Insulation Corporation™.
Thomas Insulation is a registered corporation in the State of Oklahoma and operates and owns the
domain names thomasinsulation.com & thomas-insulation.com.
View our Privacy brochure in PDF format or Online.
Download PDF
View Larger
Company Profile
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Search
Contact
Privacy Overview
Our policies are designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, use, and disclosure of information that you may provide
via this site as well as your own responsibilities.
If you proceed to use this site, you are agreeing to abide by these rules and applicable terms & conditions. Visit our publications section to read our entire Privacy statement as well as Terms & Conditions for use of services & products at Thomas Insulation.
Internet Browser Compatibility
The Thomas Insulation Corporate web site is designed to facilitate communication to a large and diverse audience via the Internet. We have worked diligently on our design to minimize the presentation differences that can occur when viewing the site using different
Internet Web browsers.
Unfortunately, not all Internet browsers present Web content the same way.  To ensure that our site is viewable across all the major
Internet browsers we comply, where possible, with W3C 4.01 and 5.0 HTML Transitional Coding specifications.
Thomas Insulation has adopted some components of CSS 3.0 coding early, which requires you to have the most current internet browser
for an optimal viewing experience e.g., Safari 5+, Firefox 5+, Chrome 10 or greater.  Internet Explorer 8 is supported, however it does not fully support
CSS 3.0, whereas Internet Explorer 9.0 does.
Internet Explorer 7 or earlier is not supported.
Consulting
Estimation
Contracting
Fiberglass
FSK/ASJ/PVC Tapes
PVC Fittings
Duct Liner
Careers
Apprenticeship
Founded 1999. © 1999-2017 Thomas Insulation Corporation™
8709 Gateway Terrace, Oklahoma City, OK 73149 - All Rights Reserved.
Insulation Sales: +1 (405) 634-7100
Terms of Use
Privacy
Search
Contact
Pricing, specifications, availability and terms of offers may change without notice, are not transferable and are valid only for purchases from Thomas Insulation Corporation. Taxes, fees and shipping and handling charges are extra, vary, and not subject to discount.