https://www.batterymetric.com/legal/
Privacy
Battery Metric is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Battery Metric Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Battery Metric website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of personal information
This website may collect personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number, or in certain instances demographic information.  This may also include information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Analytic tools employed on this website. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Battery Metric for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of this website.
Battery Metric collects and uses your personal information to operate this website and deliver the products and services you have requested. Battery Metric may also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Battery Metric. Battery Metric may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Battery Metric does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.  Battery Metric may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Battery Metric, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Battery Metric will only disclose your personal information if required to do so by law.
Use of Cookies
The Battery Metric Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. A cookie helps Battery Metric to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as Shopping Cart and other online purchasing details. When you return to the Battery Metric Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this website.
Trademarks
Battery Metric is a registered trademark of LaMantia Products Ltd.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More