http://www.swe.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
SouthWest Electronic Energy Group is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Web sites.This policy may change without prior notice.Some web pages created by SouthWest Electronic Energy Group use 'cookies', which are small text files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. It is essentially your identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. A cookie's purpose is to tell the server that you returned to that Web page. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Furthermore, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer. The use of cookies is an industry standard.Many major Web sites use cookies to provide useful features for their customers. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you will not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.SouthWest Electronic Energy Group will not send you any unsolicited information, including email regarding any commercial offers or advertisements at any time. We value the relationships we have with our customers and future customers, so we respect these concerns.Linked sites are not under the control of SouthWest Electronic Energy Group. Therefore, SouthWest Electronic Energy Group is not responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site by SouthWest Electronic Energy Group.
Print
PRODUCTS
Lithium
Lithium-Ion
Sealed Lead Acid
Alkaline
Chargers
Gauges
APPLICATIONS
Oil and Gas
Oceanographic
Military
Remote
SERVICES
Design
Failure Analysis
Recycling
Safety Seminars
Shipping
Transport Regs
LATEST NEWS
Lithium Battery Passivation and De-Passivation Whitepaper
Nov. 24, 2020, 8:55 a.m.
Most of our Measurement While Drilling (MWD) and Logging While Drilling (LWD) battery packs for the oil and gas industry are built using Lithium Thionyl Chloride cells. Cells utilizing this chemistry suffer from passivation and must be de-passivated before use.
Interview with Leon Adams of Southwest Electronic Energy
Nov. 27, 2019, 3:14 p.m.
Six months ago, Southwest Electronic Energy (SWE) was acquired by Ultralife Corporation. To mark the occasion, we sat down with SWE’s VP of Sales Leon Adams to learn more about the company and its products and to see how the …
CONTACT SWE fOR A CUSTOM QUOTE!
281.240.4000
Contact SWE
First Name
Last Name
Email (Enter twice to verify)
Phone Number
Company
How did you find us?
How did you find us?
Advertisement
Directory (Online / Offline)
Email
Existing Customer
Google / other online search
LinkedIn / Twitter / Facebook
Magazine Article
Online Article
Referral
Sales Call / Visit
Trade Show / Exhibition
Other
Message
Service
Quality
Reliability
P.O. Box 31340Houston, TX 77231
281.240.4000