https://www.fortressmedical.com/privacy/
Privacy
Fortress Medical Privacy Policy
Fortress Medical Systems, LLC. (Fortress Medical Systems) is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its users and their clients. Our Privacy Policy describes how we maintain and safeguard the information provided to us and the services that we provide. Fortress Medical Systems respects individual privacy and of its customers, employees, clinical trial participants, healthcare professionals, investors, business partners, and others. All data stored or used by Fortress Medical Systems is done so in accordance with any federal or international data and privacy regulations which governing the storage and handling of any data entrusted to us.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Customer Data
Fortress Medical Systems collects information on our clients for use for business support and technical support. The information collected includes full name, address, telephone number(s) and email addresses. Fortress Medical Systems saves this information in a sponsor database. Only authorized and trained Fortress Medical Systems personnel have access to this database. The personal information of our clients is needed to support the users of our data capture software in case of problems.
B. Clinical Trial Personnel Data
Personal information about Sponsor personnel, participating physicians, Clinical Research Organizations, and supporting industries such as laboratories and IRBs etc. may be collected. This data usually includes the person’s full name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. This information may be stored in the Sponsor’s study database. Fortress Medical Systems and Sponsor users have access to this data via a user ID, Password, and security role, when access is granted.
C. Patient Data
Patient data anonymity is the responsibility and decision of the sponsor organization. Normally patient information is key-coded as it originates at the investigator site to not reveal the identity of the individuals. If patient data is not anonymous then it can only be accessed by the Sponsor and authorized and trained Fortress Medical Systems personnel to support the users of our data capture software in case of problems.
II. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
We implement security measures designed to protect information from unauthorized access. A user id and password are required to access the system and each user profile is associated with only one login identification. Access to all screens/data must be explicitly granted via roles that allow access to only specified areas. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing specific technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. In addition, all Fortress Medical System employees are required to undergo HIPAA training.
III. US AND INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY COMMITMENTS
Fortress Medical Systems, LLC. is committed to handling the collection, use, and retention of personal information of employees, consumers, healthcare professionals, medical research subjects and investigators, customers, investors, and government officials.  Governing bodies and regulations including, but may not be limited to: the Food and Drug Administration, CFR Part 11, HIPAA, GDPR, and US State and Federal Laws.
IV. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Fortress Medical Systems, LLC. reserves the right to change this policy and its contents at any time. Any and all Privacy Policy changes will be posted on our website.
V. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Fortress Medical Systems LLC
32 10th Ave S # 205
Hopkins, MN 55343
Tel: (+1) 952 238 9010
Last Updated: This Privacy Policy was last updated on 13-JAN-2015
Demo
Arrange a demo now
Fortress Medical Systems, Accelerate Diagnostics won the Clinical Trial Process Innovation at the 2019 Clinical and Research Excellence (CARE) Awards. The award win was announced during a ceremony presented by Ben Nemzer at the Hyatt Regency Boston, US on May...continue reading
See All News
“SWIFT RESPONSE”
“Clindex support is unlike any database support I have encountered.
They’re consistently accessible and always get right to the heart of the issue.
Their swift response time is superb.”
“FLEXIBLE AND ADAPTABLE”
“We have been impressed that Clindex has been flexible and adaptable to our changing requirements and has kept pace with our growth.
Clindex continues to deliver what we need in the way we want it.”
“EASY TO USE”
“As a small start-up medical device company, we wanted to keep our data in-house but were concerned about resourcing. Clindex is so easy to use that we were able to quickly train existing clinical personnel and, with minimal support, manage all data processes in-house.”
“Testing this out”
“I am impressed with the comprehensive features and flexibility that Clindex offers.
We have been very pleased with Clindex and the quality of the product.”
“SUPERIOR PRODUCT”
“If I haven’t mentioned it to you before I am extremely pleased at how well Clindex has served us in the last year (we just had the first year anniversary of launching our trial last week). Although credit certainly goes to my staff for learning so quickly, it must also go to your company for creating this user friendly software that a non-initiate was able to get up and running in a few months with no major glitches in 12 months! Thanks for a superior product.”
See All Testimonials
Get in touch with our specialist teams:sales@fortressmedical.com
Stay informed: