http://www.starmortgage.com/privacy-policy/
LOAN APPLICATION CENTERABOUT USCONTACT US
(508) 941-5616
Toggle navigation
HomePurchase/RefinanceApply NowToday's RatesResources Loan ProgramsLoan ProcessMortgage BasicsMortgage CalculatorsOnline FormsFAQAbout Legal DisclosuresContactBlog Calculators
HomePurchase/RefinanceApply NowToday's RatesResources Loan ProgramsLoan ProcessMortgage BasicsMortgage CalculatorsOnline FormsFAQAbout Legal DisclosuresContactBlog Calculators
Privacy Policy and Security
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you use our services.
The Security We Use to Protect Your Information We use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to protect all data transmitted between browsers and our servers. In order to use the site, users are required to be running an SSL-capable browser.
What Information We Collect From You We collect various types of personal information about you during the normal course of offering and providing real estate and/or mortgage services. This includes but is not limited to: Information you provide in order to purchase a home and/or obtain a home loan including your name, phone number, address, social security number, email address, employer's name and address, income, assets, liabilities, and answers to questions of both personal and financial matters; communications from you regarding your loan(s) such as a change of employment; information obtained from third parties such as consumer reporting agencies or credit bureaus, employers, depository institutions and others, that we use to evaluate a loan application; information that we may gather in compliance with certain laws and regulations, such as the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act.
Sharing of the Information Gathered on This Site We are the sole owner of the information collected on this site. However, in order to process your loan we must share some of the information with certain third parties. These third parties include: appraisal companies, credit agencies, lenders, mortgage insurance companies, title and escrow companies.
We also use a third party, Myers Internet, Inc., to host our web site, including our online data collection forms. Myers Internet, Inc. has access to the user information for purposes such as maintaining the site.
What Cookies Are and How They Are Used A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Our site has programs that use cookies to maintain session information to remember who you are as you go from page to page. To protect your privacy we do not use cookies to store or transmit any personal information about you on the Internet.
External Links This site contains external links (links to other sites). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us.
Updating or Deleting Your Information, Including Demographic and Profile Data You may update or delete your information at any time prior to completing an online data form. Once your online form is completed and submitted, you will not be able to change any of the information online. You will need to contact us via email, phone or postal mail to request that we update or delete your information.
Demographic and Profile Data We may share certain aggregated demographic and profile data with government agencies. Aggregate data excludes information that would enable any individual to be identified. We also collect certain data (including your IP address) about your visit to our web site in our log files to enable us analyze site traffic and gather broad demographic data. The data in our log files are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Legal Requirements and Disclosures
License Information Star Mortgage is currently accepting automated loan applications from our web site in the following states:  Massachusetts WE ARRANGE BUT DO NOT MAKE LOANS.    Even if your state is not listed, still feel free to browse our web pages.  You'll find all the information you need to make an informed decision when  financing a home. We'll see you in your state soon.    Licensed Massachusetts Mortgage Broker NMLS #1206
Star Mortgage® USA
Star Financial Services, Inc.
Privacy Policy Notice
In Compliance with the Gramm-Leach Bliley “Privacy of Consumer Financial Information Act”
Keeping private information secure is a top priority at Star Mortgage.  We recognize the utmost importance of keeping information provided to us strictly confidential and secure. Whether you are a Consumer shopping for a mortgage loan or a customer making an application for a mortgage loan through Star Mortgage®, you can be assured that the information provided to us will remain strictly confidential in compliance with the  Gramm-Leach Bliley “Privacy of Consumer Financial Information Act”.  We have prepared this notice to advise you of our privacy policy and how we handle the non-public private information you provide to Star Mortgage® and its employees. Star Financial Services, Inc. a Massachusetts Corporation operates it business under the trade name Star Mortgage® which is our trademark and it is duly registered at the United States Patent and Trademark Office.
Your privacy is our utmost concern.
Our polices and practices to protect your personal information are as follows;
We protect personal information we collect about you by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that meet or exceed applicable law. Third Party Vendors; ie: Closing Attorneys and Title Companies who have access to limited personal information must agree to follow appropriate standards of security and confidentiality. We train people who work for us, how to properly handle personal information, and we restrict access to it.
This notice is provided to you pursuant to the “Privacy of Consumer Financial Information Act” and the “Federal Trade Commission’s implementing regulation; 16 CFR Part 313.
How we collect information about you
1.)               We collect non-public personal information about you from the following sources;
Information we receive from you directly when you complete an application or other forms;
Information about your transaction(s) with Star Mortgage®
Information we receive from a consumer credit reporting agency.
2.)               WE DO NOT DISCLOSE ANY NON-PUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT OUR CURRENT CUSTOMERS OR FORMER CUSTOMERS TO ANYONE, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY LAW.
3.)               WE DO NOT DISCLOSE ANY NON-PUBLIC PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT ANY CONSUMER, WHICH DISCUSSES MORTGAGE FINANCING SERVICES WITH US, TO ANYONE, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY LAW.
4.)               We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees who need to know certain information about your finances, in order to assist you with your mortgage financing needs or requested loan origination services that we provide to you.
Registered Service Mark © 1998-2008 Star Mortgage®  - Star Financial Services, Inc. - All Rights Reserved - "Star Mortgage" is our registered service mark and it is registered at the U.S. Trademark Office. NOTICE: Unauthorized use of our trade name in any manner is a violation of United States Trademark Laws and severe fines and penalties may apply if you infringe upon our "mark".
Contact Us By Email
Star Mortgage®USA
A Division of Star Financial Services, Inc.
Administrative Offices and Loan Processing Center
691 Washington Street, South Easton, MA 02375
Customer Service - Nationwide Toll Free
1 (508) 941-5616
FAX 1 (508) 941-6788
General Business 1 (508) 941-5616
Contact Us By Email
Pre-qualify for a loan in a few simple steps
Get Started
Fill out your Secure Application
Apply Now
See what our clients are saying:
Testimonials
About Us
We've been helping customers afford the home of their dreams for many years and we love what we do.
Company NMLS: 1206 www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org
Contact Us
691 Washington Street South Easton, MA 02375 Phone: (508) 941-5616 advice@StarMortgage.com
Disclaimers
Legal
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Site Map
Licensing
Resources
Loan Programs
Loan Process
Mortgage Basics
Mortgage Calculators
Online Forms
FAQ
Powered By LenderHomePage.com
×
Our Website Accessibility Statement
General
Our Website strives to ensure that its services are accessible to people with disabilities. Our Website has invested a significant amount of resources to help ensure that its website is made easier to use and more accessible for people with disabilities, with the strong belief that every person has the right to live with dignity, equality, comfort and independence.
Accessibility on Our Website website
Our Website makes available the UserWay Website Accessibility Widget that is powered by a dedicated accessibility server. The software allows www.starmortgage.com to improve its compliance with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG 2.1).
Enabling the Accessibility Menu
The Our Website accessibility menu can be enabled by clicking the accessibility menu icon that appears on the corner on the page. After triggering the accessibility menu, please wait a moment for the accessibility menu to load in its entirety.
Disclaimer
Our Website continues its efforts to constantly improve the accessibility of its site and services in the belief that it is our collective moral obligation to allow seamless, accessible and unhindered use also for those of us with disabilities.
Despite our efforts to make all pages and content on Our Website website fully accessible, some content may not have yet been fully adapted to the strictest accessibility standards. This may be a result of not having found or identified the most appropriate technological solution.
Here For You
If you are experiencing difficulty with any content on Our Website website or require assistance with any part of our site, please contact us during normal business hours as detailed below and we will be happy to assist.
Contact Us
If you wish to report an accessibility issue, have any questions or need assistance, please contact us by sending an email to: advice@StarMortgage.com
Close