https://www.thetechtrader.com/terms-of-use
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
In using any portion of TheTechTrader, you agree to these Terms & Conditions governing the use of the service.
These Terms & Conditions are subject to change without notice.
The website TheTechTrader.com (the "Site") is published by AdviceTrade, Inc., and Harry Boxer.
Both AdviceTrade
and Mr. Boxer are publishers and are not registered as a broker-dealer or investment adviser either with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission or with any state securities authority.
Mr. Boxer's commentaries, trading ideas and model trades represent his own opinions and should not be relied upon for
purposes of effecting securities transactions or other investing strategies, nor should they be construed as an offer
or solicitation of an offer to sell or buy any security. You should not interpret Mr. Boxer's opinions as constituting
investment advice.
The publishers and their employees and staff may hold positions from time to time in stocks mentioned on the Site,
though the Site's policy is for Mr. Boxer whenever possible not to discuss stocks in which he has a position.
He is not permitted to receive compensation from or insider information on companies whose stocks he
discusses on the Site.
Mr. Boxer's model trades on the Site are hypothetical and not actual trades.
Trade prices are posted by Mr. Boxer
based on his view of his real-time data sources, and may be different from what is achievable and are for guidance
only. There may also be differences between the price as it appears on the Site and the current price that you see
from your terminal due to delays in Internet connectivity, quote delays, data entry errors, and market conditions,
and also due to times when Mr. Boxer is not available to make the trade at the moment a previously stated target has
been met. Entries may at times be in error due to system or data-entry errors.
Hypothetical performance results do not include trading commissions and other execution costs that would be incurred
if the trades referenced by Mr. Boxer on the Site were actual trades. Past performance is no guarantee of future
results.
Important Risk Management Caution: We want everyone on the Site to understand that markets are fluid, dynamic,
non-linear systems. In order to trade such systems, one has to develop the experience necessary to navigate its
complexities. Therefore, we strongly suggest that a trader takes the time to learn technical analysis BEFORE
beginning to trade his or her hard-earned money. Also, our general advice is that you do not enter any trade with
more than 3% of your trading account and ALWAYS use stops.
Free trials to our site without a credit card are authorized only 1 time per person. Any additional access without
payment or valid credit card information is a violation of these terms.
As a free trial or active member to the Site, you will have access to the Site's interactive Trading Room. The
purpose of the Trading Room is to foster cooperative analysis for optimizing trading and better understanding of the
markets. Member Trading Room posts are not for commercial or promotional purposes. All room messages, including direct
messages, are archived, and may be reviewed to ensure adherence to our guidelines. Room and direct messages that are
promotional or in any way attacking, insulting, or incendiary are NOT permitted. We request courtesy, and reserve the
right to, for any reason and without notice, 1) edit or remove member content, 2) discontinue a member's posting and
private messaging privileges, and/or 3) suspend membership, including in such instances where we find it too onerous
to adequately monitor and respond to a member's messages. To ignore another member's posts, please select "Ignore"
when clicking on their name in the Trading Room. If you have any concerns about comments made in the room, or any
feedback, please contact us.
AdviceTrade and Mr. Boxer cannot and do not assess, verify or guarantee the suitability or profitability of any particular
investment. You bear responsibility for your own investment research and decisions and should seek the advice of a qualified
securities professional before making any investment. As an express condition of using this service and anytime after
ending the service, you agree not to hold Mr. Boxer or any employees of AdviceTrade or the company itself liable for
trading losses, lost profits or other damages resulting from your use of information on the Site in any form (Web-based,
email-based, or downloadable software), and you agree to indemnify and hold Mr. Boxer and AdviceTrade and its employees
harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, costs, and expenses (including but not limited to
attorneys' fees) arising from your violation of this agreement. This paragraph is not intended to limit rights available
to you or to us that may be available under the federal securities laws.
15 DAYS
FREE
NO CREDIT
CARD REQUIRED!
JOIN HARRY'S LIVE TRADING ROOM
The most dynamic stock trading community online!
Previous or current members login here.
Please provide a valid first name.
Please provide a valid last name.
Please provide a valid email.
Please provide a valid pass word.
Sign Up for FREE Now!
1 Free Trial per Person. By signing up you agree to our terms.
You will receive access to our Trading Room, plus account-related emails and our e-newsletter
containing news, updates &
promotions from TheTechTrader.com and our publisher AdviceTrade. You can withdraw your consent at
anytime. See our privacy policy.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
privacy policy and
terms of service apply.
Testimonials
Out of all the trade signals and alert programs out there, this one is by far the best!
"David D."
Email
2020-06-03
Once again - this site pays for a year of itself in a single day.
Many thanks HB!
""MJK""
Trading Room
2020-06-30
Glad to be back in the best day trading/swing room ever!!!
Harry ...your energy
dedication and technical skills are boundless.
"7DiamondsSarah"
Trading Room
2020-07-16
"In the 3 weeks that I've been following you, I've turned my $93,843 into $118,379. I've learned a tremendous amount: channel trading, not chasing stocks, taking profits when I can, setting stops, making (and protecting!) money."
"Swan"
Message to Harry
2020-05-01
I truly applaud the absolutely immeasurable knowledge, commitment, dedication, and enthusiasm you bring to your website.
Extremely well done and best seen to date--by far!
"Danny A."
Email
2019-11-15
Since subscribing to your service, I live a dream life. I have officially made close to 3 million dollars over the past 18 months.
AND I DO IT ALL DROM THE BEACH!
"ORCA"
Trading Room
2018-06-02
The members knowledge shared and discussed today are a big part of my this is the greatest trading chat room on this earth! Of course HB's brilliant chart work and guidance is second to none!
Feeling grateful!
"Slider"
Trading Room
2018-06-09
Shortly after reading your book and being present in the chat and the webinars I saw huge success in trading due to your bluntness in your live streams and knowledge bestowed upon me from your chat.
I've made roughly around 15,000 this year and I'm only nineteen so grateful for you harry you helped escape the rate race.
""Antonio""
Message to Harry
2019-12-19
I made $80,000 in one day with you and followed it up with a $120,000 day.... you are fantastic!
""alps""
Email
2017-12-31
The Tech Trader community feels like home. You set a high bar and push each us to be better traders every day. Your guidance, insights, videos and coaching are invaluable. I am a better trader for having joined your community.
I will sharing my experiences and recommending your services in an upcoming video series on great teachers. I hope to help others find their way to a teachers like you who genuinely care and give value in a multitude of ways every day.
""Andrea1""
Message to Harry
2020-02-07
Send
History