http://www.guardianpartners.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you about the way Guardian Partners (we, our or us), collects information, holds it, uses it, and if we disclose it, who we disclose it to.
Collection of Your Personal Information
Guardian Partners may collect and hold information relating to you that you have provided to us, that we may have obtained from another source or from when you have used our website. This information may include (amongst other information) your name, address, telephone numbers, lifestyle information and any other information collected in relation to your use of our products and services.
We collect other information to help us understand how our site is working and how we could improve it and/or our services. This may include URL of pages you visit or have visited, which operating system and browser you are using, your IP address, and the date and time of your visit. While we may publish aggregated information of this sort, we will not publish information about individual machines, and we only disclose and use it as set out in this privacy policy. If you post messages to our website or Blog, we collect and may keep the information in those messages.
Use of Your Personal Information
Guardian Partners may hold and use your information for a number of purposes connected with our business, which include:
processing your orders or applications and providing you with any requested product or service;
contacting you about your contact details;
providing you with a bill or a payment reminder;
keeping you informed about our products or services;
using your information for a purpose agreed with you;
dealing with your enquiries or complaints;
contacting you with regard to any maintenance, support or general customer care issue.
Sharing Your Personal Information
Guardian Partners will not share your personal information, except when:
you tell us we can do this;
we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law;
we want to carry out a credit check on you;
we want to list any payment defaults with a credit agency;
this is necessary to assist an adjudicator to resolve a complaint you make about us.
Your User Name and Password
If you are a Guardian Partners customer, you are responsible for your email address and password. You should not tell anyone else your user name, and if you do, you are responsible for paying for any products or services that they buy from us.
Credit Card Security
When you use your credit card to pay for any of our products or services, you will be using our online payment provider (currently PayPal). Make sure you always logout when you have finished using the PayPal website, especially if you access PayPal from a shared computer.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information stored on your computer. Cookies help us improve your user-experience when you use our website and allows us to track and target the interests of users. You will need to enable cookies to use Guardian Partners.
Internet Statistics
Guardian Partners may use a third party provider to collect information such as the number of visitors on our site per day and which pages they visit. We may do this using a small piece of code on each page to count and provide this information to that third party provider.
Corrections and Deletions
You may ask to see your personal information and ask to have any of it updated, corrected or deleted. We may ask you to verify your identity for such requests, to protect your privacy, and that of others. You can do this by sending an e-mail to the following address: support@practicepl.us
Changing This Policy
We can change this privacy policy at any time. We will tell you about changes by posting an updated policy on our website, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on privacy practices at Guardian Partners. Changes apply from the date we post it on our website.
Security of Your Information
Guardian Partners takes all reasonable steps to ensure that all of your information that it collects, uses or discloses is accurate and stored in a secure environment accessed only by authorised persons for legitimate business purposes.