http://www.efoam.co.uk/privacy.php
0800-043999001902-405100
All prices include VAT
FAST FREE DELIVERY
Menu
0 items£0
HomeAbout usTrade foamReviewsBlogPaymentDeliveryVideo guides
QuestionsContact us
Foam cut to size
Foam sheets
Bolster cushions
Sample service
Mattresses/toppers
Acoustic foam
Packaging foam
Ethafoam semi-rigid
Closed cell/Plastazote
Pyrosorb-S class 0
Aquatic foam
Other products
Cushion refilling
Menu
HomeAbout usTrade foamReviewsBlogPaymentDeliveryVideo guides
QuestionsView basketContact us
Foam cut to size
Foam sheet offers
Bolster cushions
Sample service
Mattresses/toppers
Acoustic foam
Packaging foam
Ethafoam semi-rigid
Closed cell/Plastazote
Pyrosorb-S class 0
Aquatic filter foam
Other foam products
Cushion refill service
Rating: Excellent
Foam grades & types
Secure Online Shopping
We never see your details
Privacy Policy
BACKGROUND:
This Policy applies as between you, the User of this Website and Simply Foam Products Ltd the owner and provider of this Website.
This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of the Website.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Data"means collectively all information that you submit to
Simply Foam Products Ltd via the Website.
This definition shall, where applicable, incorporate the definitions provided in the Data Protection Act 1998;
"Cookie"means a small text file placed on your computer by this Website when you visit certain parts of the
Website and/or when you use certain features of the Website. Details of the cookies used by this Website are set out in Clause 12;
"UK and EU Cookie Law"means the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as
amended by the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) (Amendment) Regulations 2011;
"User"means any third party that accesses the Website and is not employed by Simply Foam Products Ltd and
acting in the course of their employment; and
"Website"means the website that you are currently using www.efoam.co.uk and any sub-domains of this site
unless expressly excluded by their own terms and conditions.
2. Scope of this Policy
This Policy applies only to the actions of Simply Foam Products Ltd and Users with respect to this Website.
It does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website including, but not limited to, any links
we may provide to social media websites.
3. Data Collected
Without limitation, any of the following Data may be collected by this Website from time to time:
3.1	name;
3.2	contact information such as email addresses, postal addresses and telephone numbers;
3.3	financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
3.4	IP address (automatically collected);
3.5	web browser type and version (automatically collected);
3.6 operating system (automatically collected);
3.7 a list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on this Website, and the site you exit to (automatically collected).
4. Our Use of Data
4.1 Any personal Data you submit will be retained by Simply Foam Products Ltd for 6 years.
4.2 Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, and subject to Clause 5, your Data will not be disclosed to third parties.
4.3 All personal Data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998.
For more details on security see Clause 11 below.
4.4 Any or all of the above Data may be required by us from time to time in order to provide you with the best possible service
and experience when using our Website.
Specifically, Data may be used by us for the following reasons:
4.4.1 internal record keeping;
4.4.2 improvement of our products / services;
4.4.3 transmission by email of promotional materials that may be of interest to you;
4.4.4 contact for market research purposes which may be done using email, telephone, fax or mail.
Such information may be used to customise or update the Website.
5. Third Party Websites and Services
5.1 Simply Foam Products Ltd may, from time to time, employ the services of other parties for dealing with matters that may
include, but are not limited to, payment processing, delivery of purchased items, search engine facilities, advertising
and marketing.
The providers of such services do have access to certain personal Data provided by Users of this Website.
5.2 Any Data used by such parties is used only to the extent required by them to perform the services that Simply Foam Products
Ltd requests.
Any use for other purposes is strictly prohibited.
Furthermore, any Data that is processed by third parties
shall be processed within the terms of this Policy and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
6. Links to Other Websites
This Website may, from time to time, provide links to other websites. Simply Foam Products Ltd has no control over such
websites and is in no way responsible for the content thereof.
This Policy does not extend to your use of such websites.
Users are advised to read the privacy policy or statement of other websites prior to using them.
7. Changes of Business Ownership and Control
7.1 Simply Foam Products Ltd may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or
the transfer of control of all or part of Simply Foam Products Ltd. Data provided by Users will, where it is relevant to
any part of our business so transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will,
under the terms of this Policy, be permitted to use the Data for the purposes for which it was originally supplied to us.
7.2 In the event that any Data submitted by Users is to be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance
and informed of the changes.
8. Controlling Use of Your Data
8.1 Wherever you are required to submit Data, you will be given options to restrict our use of that Data.
This may include the following:
8.1.1	use of Data for direct marketing purposes; and
8.1.2 sharing Data with third parties.
9. Your Right to Withhold Information
9.1 You may access certain areas of the Website without providing any Data at all. However, to use all features and
functions available on the Website you may be required to submit certain Data.
9.2 You may restrict your internet browser's use of Cookies.
For more information see Clause 12.
10. Accessing your own Data
You have the right to ask for a copy of any of your personal Data held by Simply Foam Products Ltd (where such data is held)
on payment of a small fee which will not exceed £5.00.
11. Security
11.1 Data security is of great importance to Simply Foam Products Ltd and to protect your Data we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Data collected via this Website.
11.2 Specifically we use the following systems to secure your credit card and identity information.
11.2.1 Trustwave PCI DSS Compliance
11.2.2 Simply Foam Products Ltd is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office
for Data Protection.
Our registration number is Z2935975.
Further information can be obtained from the ICO website at the following address
which is www.ico.org.uk.
12. Cookies
12.1 This Website does not place or access advertising (3rd party) Cookies on your computer.
12.2 All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
12.3 Certain features of the Website depend upon Cookies to function. UK and EU Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be "strictly
necessary". These Cookies are shown below. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies. You may still block these
cookies by changing your internet browser's settings as detailed below.
Name of CookieName of Provider1st / 3rd PartyPurpose
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmzGoogle.com1stGoogle Analytics
efoamcart, efoamdelefoam.co.uk1steFoam shopping cart
ASP session ID, RomancartRomanCart1stCheckout
12.4 This Website uses analytics services provided by Google Analytic Services.
Website analytics refers to a set of tools
used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how Users use the Website.
This, in turn, enables us to improve the Website and the products offered through it.
You do not have to allow us to
use these Cookies, as detailed below, however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use
of the Website, it does enable us to continually improve our business.
12.5 The analytics services used by this Website use Cookies to gather the required information. Certain of these Cookies
may be placed immediately when you decide to visit the Website and it may not be possible to obtain your prior consent.
You may remove these Cookies and prevent future use of them by following the steps set out below.
12.6 The analytics services used by this Website use the following Cookies:
Name of CookieName of Provider1st / 3rd PartyPurpose
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmzGoogle.com1stGoogle Analytics
12.7 You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose
whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third party cookies.
By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this
can be changed.
For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser. If you disable cookies you will be
able to navigate through most pages of the Website, but will not be able to place an order.
12.8 You can choose to delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website
more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
12.9 It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and
guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
13.	Changes to this Policy
Simply Foam Products Ltd reserves the right to change this Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be
required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the Website and you are deemed to have accepted the terms of the
Policy on your first use of the Website following the alterations.
All prices include VAT	FAST FREE DELIVERY
Secure Online ShoppingFoam grades & typesSecure Online ShoppingRating: Excellent   Terms & Conditions  Privacy Policy.