https://www.judge.com/covid-19-update#helpfulinfo
Loading
x
Your search results for
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
COVID-19 Update
Home » COVID-19 Update
Message From CEO Martin Judge III
These are unprecedented times. While all of us are adapting personally and professionally to current events, please know that at The Judge Group we’re very aware of our responsibility and need to continue serving our employees and contract professionals, clients and job candidates as best we can during this period of uncertainty.
The Judge Group is operating at full strength and is fully-engaged with our teams, supporting them as they support our customers in a remote work environment.
We’re connecting with our healthcare candidates to make them aware of opportunities that require their unique skills and engaging with healthcare providers to offer our support services. We’re strengthening our learning solutions capabilities to help companies across America continue to teach, train and bolster their employees’ skills through virtual learning sessions.Our consulting solutions team continues to provide managed services solutions for organizations that need continuity of IT infrastructure support and development.
Health and family come first, of course. But we’re also focused on doing what we’ve done for over 50 years and are acting with greater speed, certainty and simplicity in addressing today’s complex business problems.
FAQs for Contract Professionals
and Clients
With so much uncertainty right now, it’s important for us to share as much information as possible with our contract professionals and clients. Here are answers to some of the most frequent questions we’ve been receiving.
Contract Professionals
What protective measures can I take to prevent possible contraction of COVID-19?
The CDC has very good guidance on avoiding the spread of Covid-19, so we ask you to review the guidelines: https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/prepare/prevention.html.
What should I do if I test positive for Coronavirus (COVID-19)?
Email covidresponse@judge.com immediately and let us know you have tested positive for COVID-19, and you will receive further guidance. Under no circumstances should you come into the workplace until you have been cleared by your doctor to do so.
What if I feel sick? What should I do?
Stay home. Your health and well-being are of the utmost importance. Contact your Judge representative if you are sick, do not report to work, or if you are at work, go home immediately. Your recruiter will forward you any information that you will need to know.
Will I get paid if I am home sick?
Entitlement to sick pay is determined by several different factors including the client and state where you are providing services. For information about your personal entitlement to sick pay, please email benefits@judge.com.
Can I work from home?
Judge is doing everything in its power to allow flexible, remote work arrangements and is working with its clients to facilitate the ability of our contractors to work remotely while on assignment. There are some positions, however, that cannot be done remotely and there are some clients who are not set up to allow remote assignments. In such cases, your Judge representative will advise you of your options.
What if my child’s daycare or school is shut down?
Given the rapidly developing nature of this pandemic, we know that childcare and school arrangements are in flux for many of our workers. Judge is doing its best to remain flexible in allowing employees to work remotely to the greatest extent possible. There are some positions, however, for which remote work is not a possibility. In such event, if you are unable to come to the workplace and you are on an assignment in which remote work is not possible, your assignment may end. You may be eligible to apply for unemployment insurance depending on state/local laws. We advise you to contact your local unemployment office.
Can I apply for unemployment insurance benefits if I’m out of work due to COVID19?
Employees have a right to apply for unemployment insurance benefits if they are let go as a result of the pandemic, or if they are partially or temporarily laid off or furloughed. Most states have done away with any waiting period for persons filing a claim for unemployment insurance benefits, where they have been separated from employment due to COVID-19. Check with your state’s Unemployment Compensation Board for more information about your right to collect unemployment.
Clients
Does Judge anticipate any disruption in service as a result of this pandemic?
No. We are happy to report that we are fully equipped to fulfill all client services without interruption.
Have you enacted a pandemic-related business interruption procedure as a result of Covid-19?
Yes, we have developed and enacted our business interruption plan in relation to the global pandemic. Please email us at covidresponse@judge.com for a copy of the plan, which we are happy to provide.
If we would like your resources to continue to provide services but prefer that they do not enter our facilities, do you allow your resources to work remotely?
Yes. We are happy to provide flexibility to allow our workers to service your account remotely. Please let us know what equipment you will be providing or if you would like Judge to provide the equipment and please let us know if you have any additional forms or agreements to be signed for workers working remotely by sending your responses to covidresponse@judge.com.
Is there a way to contact Judge with work-related issues about your workers on site at our facilities or to provide information that we would like your employees on assignment to receive?
Yes. Please send all questions, requests, or other information to covidresponse@judge.com.
Medical Testing
Maintaining business continuity is more important now that ever. Companies need a partner they can trust to provide the guidance and professionals needed to prevent further spread of COVID-19. We can recruit, staff, train, and schedule healthcare professionals to provide on-site testing and screening services. We can work with your administration to advise on appropriate screening station set-up and required PPE equipment and disposal services.
Learn More
Services We Offer That Can Help You
The Judge Group is a professional services firm that offers a variety of options to help you with business continuity and recovery during this time:
Healthcare Staffing
Medical Testing
Technology Staffing
Telehealth
Virtual, Instructor-Led Learning and Training
Development of Digital Assets for Remote Learning
Technology Support and Business Transformation
Job Opportunities
Contact Us
Please send inquiries to covidresponse@judge.com
Helpful Information
Center for Disease Control and Prevention
Comprehensive Information about COVID-19
Cleaning and Disinfecting Your Home
Communicating Effectively with Remote Teams
Managing Teams Remotely
Virtual Connectivity for Pharmaceuticals and Healthcare Providers
Preparing Your Virtual Workforce
Transitioning to Virtual Training
Join OurWinning Team
We are always looking to add talented professionals to our team. Advance your career with Judge.
Apply Now
Let’s Continue the
Conversation.
Tell us how we can help you and we’ll be in touch soon.
How can we help?
Tell us who you are
I represent a business
I am a current contractor / employee
I represent a supplier
Tell us your area of interest
I am interested in hiring a temporary worker or contractor
I am interested in hiring full time employees
I am interested in buying consulting or project based services
I am interested in learning solutions
I am interested in outsourcing solutions
Other
I have a time sheet / log in question
I have a payroll / tax question
Other
I would like to do business with Judge
I am currently doing business with Judge and have a question
Please enter a valid email address.
Invalid Phone Number
Please check the box to prove that you are not a robot.
(800) 360-4474
|
Email Us
|About Us
|Contact Us
|Careers
|Locations
|Blogs
|Timesheets
Privacy & Cookies Policy
|
CCPA
|
Sitemap
| Copyright © 2020 The Judge Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site usage and performance. By clicking
ACCEPT or continuing to
use this site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. If you are a resident of California, we have updated our
Privacy Policies to include additional rights afforded by the California Consumer Privacy Act,
click here to
read how we handle your personal information. To find out more visit our Privacy & Cookies policy.