http://www.jpmorganchase.com/corporate/About-JPMC/ab-personnel-policies.htm
WHO WE ARE
Suppliers
Building strong relationships is the cornerstone of our success. At JPMorgan Chase, we place particular value in our supplier partnerships. Thanks to the help of a diverse range of suppliers and advisors, we are able to serve our clients, shareholders, communities and employees more efficiently.
Overview
Diversity
Gold Suppliers
Contingent Workers
Guidelines & Documents
FAQS
Guidelines & Documents
Policies
Supplier Code of Conduct
Acceptable Use Policy
Minimum Control Requirements
Supplier Travel Policy
Sales Tax Exemption As part of the supplier's contractual agreements, some goods and/or services delivered to certain JPMorgan Chase locations may be exempt from sales and use tax, as specified in the letter:
Industrial Development Agency Letter of Authorization for Sales Tax Exemption.
Legal Documents
EU Model Clauses
Purchase Order Terms and Conditions
Guidelines
Gold Supplier Program Overview
Supplier Invoicing Guidelines
Supplier Systems Monitoring
JPMC TPP WCAG Standards
Guidance for New Financial Services Industry Suppliers
Designated Supplier Personnel (Contingent workers)
Minimum Control Requirements-Contingent Labor
Social Media Policy
JPMC Supplier Point of Contact Training
JPMC Contingent Worker Onboarding Toolkit
Drug Testing Policy
Re-entry Check Form
JPMC Contingent Worker Pre-Engagement Screening (PES) Process Guide
Vendor Initiation Guide
GDPR Contingent Worker Permit
Vetting Privacy Notice
You are now leaving JPMorgan Chase & Co.
JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s website terms, privacy and security policies don't apply to the site or app you're about to visit. Please review its website terms, privacy and security policies to see how they apply to you. JPMorgan Chase & Co. isn't responsible for (and doesn't provide) any products, services or content at this third-party site or app, except for products and services that explicitly carry the JPMorgan Chase & Co. name.
Cancel
Proceed