http://www.euronetworldwide.com/legal-privacy-statement
English
Legal & Privacy Statement
Home /
Legal & Privacy Statement
Rules and Conditions for Use of the Euronet Worldwide Web Site
By accessing this Web site, you indicate your acknowledgement and acceptance of the following rules and conditions. These rules and conditions may change from time to time, and you agree to be bound by any such changes when posted on this Web site. Euronet Worldwide Worldwide reserves all of its rights at law and equity, including the right to block access to this Web site from your Internet address if you violate any of these rules and conditions.
Copyright
The information displayed on this Web site is protected by copyright laws.
© 2019 Euronet Worldwide Worldwide, Inc. All rights reserved.
While we invite you to browse, no information on this Web site may be reproduced or modified in any manner without the prior written consent of Euronet Worldwide Worldwide.
No Warranties
All information contained on this Web site is provided “as is”, without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including warranties of merchantability, merchantable quality, title, fitness for a particular purpose, security, accuracy and non-infringement. Euronet Worldwide Worldwide may add or change the information contained on this Web site without notice. Under no circumstances shall Euronet Worldwide Worldwide be liable for any errors or omissions in the content of this Web site, or for any reliance placed on information obtained through this Web site. It is your responsibility to evaluate all aspects of the information or other content available through this Web site
Trademarks
The trademarks and logos displayed on this Web site are the property of Euronet Worldwide Worldwide or other third parties. You are not permitted to use any of these trademarks without the prior written consent of Euronet Worldwide Worldwide or the third party. Euronet Worldwide Worldwide, and ITM are trademarks of Euronet Worldwide Worldwide, Inc.
Privacy
Euronet Worldwide Worldwide does not involuntarily collect your personal information when you use this Web site. You agree that if you provide any personal information to us through this Web site, we may use this information and disclose it to others for the purpose of responding to your request. We will not disclose personal information to others unless we need to do so to respond to your request.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Web site contains a number of links to third party sites. Euronet Worldwide does not control these linked sites, which you may use at your own risk, and is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, any link contained in a linked site, or any changes or updates to such sites.