https://www.gardenweasel.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
/Privacy Policy
Your online privacy is important to us. Faultless Brands and its affiliates (Faultless) have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of the type of information that is being collected by Faultless when you visit one of Faultless’ websites or shop online with Faultless. By using any of the Faultless sites, you signify that you agree with the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
In addition to informing you how your information is gathered and disseminated from the use of a Faultless site, this Policy provides information on how your personally identifiable information is protected. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our websites. Faultless is not responsible for the privacy practices associated with your use of third-party links on our websites. Should you decide to use one of the third-party links contained on our sites, please read each third-party website’s Privacy Policy regarding their collection of personally identifiable information. Though we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites, we welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work), to protect the integrity of our site.
Third-party companies do collect certain non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the type of browser and/or operating system you use, time and date, and information relating to the content you are viewing) on our behalf when you visit our Web sites. These companies may use such non-personally identifiable information in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you on other sites.
These companies typically use a cookie, a web beacon or other technology to collect this information.
To learn more about this targeted advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising via cookies, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ if located in the United States or Canada or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ if located in Europe.
Types of information we collect. We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf our websites or use certain other features on our sites.
Log Files – We use log files to assess the aggregate level of traffic to our websites including what pages people are visiting, and to diagnose any potential problems with the website. This log file contains an “Internet Protocol” or IP address that gives us insight on the general geographic area that visitors are coming from but not information on a specific individual. Our use of log files does not track a particular individual’s use of a Faultless website.
Cookies – We use “cookies” to enhance your site experience and product offerings. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools for our customers and the users of Faultless’ websites.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (Google Chrome, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, etc.) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you will not have access to many features that make your site experience, and some of our services, function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Personally Identifiable Information – We collect personally identifiable information about you when you purchase products or register online. We also gather information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. Personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other personally identifiable information will not be sold to any third parties, however, we may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our customers and site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
We reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable information when necessary to protect our rights, comply with local, state and federal laws, or protect the rights, property or safety of others.
Maintaining and Protecting your Personal Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information except as described in this Policy. The term “outside parties” does not include Faultless affiliates, parties who assist us in hosting or operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep your information confidential.
Opting-out, removing or modifying information you have provided us
Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us. You will receive periodic e-mail newsletters only if you opt-in to receive our e-mail newsletter. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, you can opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided.
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may temporarily receive emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send any feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue, to info@faultless.com.
Share this...FacebookPinterestemail
Scroll to Top