http://www.bericoplast.it/privacy-policy.html
Home
Company
More
Profile
Certifications
Where we are
Community Chairs
More
Vale
Ola
Helene
Ketty
Sara
Florence
Bunny
Lilly
Gogo
Florida
Orbit
Elis
Inge
Vectra
Bsca
Wolf
[ Accessories ]
Sport Seats
More
Kum
Charlie
Helene
Ketty
Omega
Stkh
Stkl
Realizations
More
Community
Sport
News
Press
More
Press Releases
Press Events
Press Reviews
Utility
More
% Outlet %
Download
Search for applications
Sitemap
Contact
More
Contact Us
Outlet Request
Distributors
Privacy Policy
Contact
Home/Contact/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information pursuant to Chapter III of the GDPR (European Reg. 2016/679)
Preamble
Following the rules laid down by European Regulation no. 2016/679, we provide below information on the use by Bericoplast S.p.A. of personal data acquired in connection with contractual relationships (or those that may be entertained in the future) with customers, suppliers and any other type of contact.
Source of Personal Data
The data in our possession, acquired in relation to the contractual relationships, is collected directly from the data subject. All data collected will be treated in compliance with current legislation, and in any case, with due confidentiality.
Legal Basis of the Data Processing
The Data Controller shall process Personal Data relating to the User in the event that one of the following conditions is met:
the User has given consent to the use of his/her personal data for one or more specific purposes; Note: in some jurisdictions, the Data Controller may be authorized to process Personal Data without the User's consent or any other of the legal grounds specified below, until the User objects (so-called "opt-out") to such processing. However, this does not apply if the processing of Personal Data is governed by European legislation on the protection of Personal Data;
the processing is necessary for the execution of a contract with the User and/or for the execution of pre-contractual measures;
the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the Data Controller is subject;
processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or for the exercise of official authority vested in the Data Controller;
the processing is necessary for the pursuit of the legitimate interests of the Data Controller or of third parties.
However, it is always possible to ask the Data Controller to clarify the concrete legal basis of each data processing purpose and in particular to specify whether such processing is based on the law, provided for by a contract or necessary to conclude a contract.
Purpose of Data Processing
The collection or processing of personal data has the sole purpose of ensuring the fulfillment of the Data Controller’s obligations with regard to the performance of its economic activities and in particular for: preliminary requirements for the conclusion of a contract, fulfillment of contractual obligations towards the data subject by executing an act, several acts or set of operations necessary for the fulfillment of said obligations, fulfillment before any public or private body of the obligations that are related or instrumental to the contract, and the fulfillment of legal obligations.
Methods of Data Processing
In relation to the aforementioned purposes, the processing of personal data is carried out by means of manual, computerized and telematic tools according to a logic strictly related to the purposes and, in any case, in such a way as to ensure the security and confidentiality of the data in accordance with the aforementioned law.
Nature of Data Collection
For the stipulation and execution of the contractual relationship, the collection of personal data is also required by law, since it is necessary in order for the Data Controller to comply with legal and fiscal requirements. Refusal to provide such data will make it impossible to establish relations with the Data Controller. The processing of such data does not require the data subject’s consent.
Communication and Dissemination
The personal data and its processing will be communicated to companies for the performance of economic activities (commercial, corporate management, management of information systems, insurance, banking or non-banking brokerage, factoring, shipping management, enveloping and sending of correspondence) or for the fulfillment of legal requirements (accounting firms, lawyers). The data will not be disclosed.
Your data may be disclosed to the designated Data Processing Officer and the following categories of designated Data Processors: purchasing department and administrative office.
Data Retention
Your personal data is processed and stored for the time required for the purposes for which it was collected.
Therefore:
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the execution of a contract between the Data Controller and the User will be retained until the execution of such contract is completed;
Personal Data collected for purposes related to the legitimate interests of the Data Controller will be retained until such time as such interests are satisfied. The User may obtain further information regarding the legitimate interest pursued by the Data Controller in the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Data Controller.
When processing is based on the User's consent, the Data Controller may retain the Personal Data for longer until such consent is revoked. In addition, the Data Controller may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period in accordance with a legal obligation or by order of an authority.
At the end of the retention period, the Personal Data will be deleted. Therefore, upon expiry of this term, the right of access, cancellation, rectification and the right to portability of the Data may no longer be exercised.
Rights of the data subject
Users may exercise certain rights with regard to the data processed by the Data Controller.
In particular, the User has the right to:
revoke consent at any time. He/She may revoke his/her consent to the processing of his/her Personal Data as expressed above;
oppose the processing of his/her data. The User may object to the processing of his/her Data when it takes place on a legal basis other than the User’s consent. Further details on the right of objection are given in the section below;
access his/her Personal Data. The User has the right to obtain information on the Data processed by the Data Controller, on certain aspects of the processing and to receive a copy of the Data processed;
verify and request correction. The User may verify the correctness of his/her Data and request that it be updated or corrected;
obtain limitation of the data processing. When certain conditions are met, the User may request that the processing of his/her Data be limited. In such a case, the Data Controller shall not process the Data for any other purpose than their preservation;
obtain the cancellation or removal of his/her Personal Data. When certain conditions are met, the User may request the cancellation of his/her Data by the Data Controller;
receive the personal Data or have them transferred to another Data Controller. The User has the right to receive his/her Data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by automatic device and, where technically feasible, to obtain their transfer without hindrance to another Data Controller. This provision is applicable when the Data is processed by automated means and the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract to which the User is a party or on contractual measures connected to it;
to lodge a complaint. The User may lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority or take legal action;
the exercise of the rights may take place by means of communications to be sent directly to the Data Controller’s registered office.
Data Controller
We inform you that the Data Controller and Data Processor is Bericoplast S.p.A., based in Via A. Pacinotti, 11 - 36040 Brendola (VI) - Italy - Telephone +39 0444 400738 - Fax: +39 0444 400015
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Privacy policy about operation of cookies - Art. 13 Privacy Code
Last updated: 29 May 2015
Information in fulfillment of the obligations for Art. 10 of the Directive n. 95/46 / EC, Directive 2002/58 / EC, as updated by Directive 2009/136 / CE, Article 13 of Legislative Decree June 30, 2003, number 196, and the general measure (doc. Web n. 3118884) the Authority for the Protection of Personal Data, published in the Official Gazette no. 126 of June 3, 2014, record of the action n. 229 of 8 May 2014 regarding Cookies, entitled "Identification of simplified procedures for the information and the acquisition of consent for the use of cookies"
Here below we inform you about the operation on our site.
Browsing our site, you agree to the use of the browser cookie in accordance with this Cookies Policy. Therefore we recommend taking a few minutes to read this information.
Cookies are small files sent by the visited sites to the browser used by the user during navigation, which automatically stores them and then send them back to the server each time the user returns to the same website.
In general, cookies can be of various types:
- Technical or profiling, depending on the function for which they are used
- Of the first party or third parties, depending on who installs them
- Of session or persistent, depending on the length
A) Technical Cookies can be grouped into three types:
1. Cookie navigation or session, which guarantee the normal navigation and use of the website.
2. Analytics Cookies, similar to technical cookies when used directly by the site operator or anonymous third party.
Analytics Cookies are used to obtain anonymous statistics and aggregate, useful for optimizing sites and services. They are in any case information that does not identify users personally.
3. Operation Cookies which allow the user browsing in function of a number of selected criteria.
Explanation and details of Technical cookies
Our site uses cookies of first parts both during browsing session and does not store any personal information, but anonymizes all sessions.
Our site uses third party cookies (Google Analytics) of session without storing any personal information, but anonymizes all sessions. In this regard check https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
B) Cookie Profiling
Our site does not use any cookie profiling.
To disable, remove or block cookies by browser you can use the browser settings.
For more information see the pages of "Help" of your browser.
Contact Menu
Contact UsOutlet RequestDistributorsPrivacy Policy
Press Releases:
Advertising photo of the 70s
VALE, harmony of shapes
Ola bench, ideal for the waiting rooms
Ola, ideal for community
Vale, the tradition reinterpreted in a modern way
Previous
Next
Who we are
CompanyCertificationsWhere we are
Community Chairs
ValeOlaHeleneKettySaraFlorenceBunnyLillyGogoFloridaOrbitElisIngeVectraBscaWolf
Sport Seats
KumCharlieHeleneKettyOmegaStkhStkl
Utility
% Outlet %DownloadApplicationsSitemap
Bericoplast S.p.A.
Via A. Pacinotti, 11 - 36040 Brendola (VI) - Italy
VAT N. : IT 02820640247
Tax Code & Business Reg VI n. 02820640247
r.e.a. VI n.278820
Capital € 500.010,00 i.v.
Tel +39 0444 400738
Fax +39 0444 400015
Contact us