http://www.fieragricola.com/en/privacy-policy-websites
VERONA, ITALY
2022
ORGANIZED BY
PARTNER
Menu
Toggle navigation
CHIUDIX
EXHIBITION
Mission
Facts e figures
Contacts
VISIT
Informations
EXHIBIT
Important notice for Fieragricola exhibitors
International agents and representatives
PRESS
Fieragricola, 113^ edition
Press realeses
Press accreditations
Contacts
Media Partner
ROAD SHOW
Agenda
AFRICA TOUR
Coming soon 2021
CONTACTS
Veronafiere S.p.A. pursuant to Article 13 of Regulation 2016/679 (hereinafter “GDPR”) provides hereunder the information relating to the processing of your personal data during your visit to the website www.fieragricola.it (hereinafter “Site”)
Data Controller and Data Protection Officer (DPO)
The Data Controller is Veronafiere S.p.A., Viale del Lavoro 8, 37135 Verona (VR), Italy
T. +39 045 829 8111 - F. +39 045 829 8288 - Email info@veronafiere.it
(hereinafter, “Company” or “Data Controller”).
The DPO can be contacted at this email address: dpo@veronafiere.eu.
Purposes, legal basis and retention periods
Navigation data
The information systems and software procedures used to operate this website acquire personal data as part of their standard functioning; the transmission of such data is an inherent feature of Internet communication protocols.
Such information is not collected in order to relate it to identified data subjects, however it might allow user identification per se after being processed and matched with data held by third parties.
This data category includes IP addresses, and/or the domain names of the computers used by any user connecting with this website, the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of the requested resources, the time of such requests, the method used for submitting a given request to the server, returned file size, a numerical code relating to server response status (successfully performed, error, etc.), and other parameters related to the user’s operating system and computer environment.
These data are only used to extract anonymous statistical information on website use as well as to check its functioning.
These data will be erased after 20 days.
The data might be used to establish liability in case computer crimes are committed against the website. Legal basis of the processing activities above is the legitimate interest of the Data Controller.
Data provided voluntarily
Certain pages of the Site will ask you to provide personal information. In this case, you will be provided with information in accordance with article 13 of GDPR concerning the processing of personal data in relation to the specific purpose.
Cookies
The information related to cookies related to this website may be recovered using the following link: www.fieragricola.it/en/cookies-extended-information-notice
Data provision
Except for what described hereabove regarding navigation data and in the notices provided in accordance with article 13 GDPR in each section of the Site, the provision of data for further purposes is optional. Failure to provide such data may cause the failure to pursue these further purposes.
Processing methods
Your personal data will be processed using automated tools for the time necessary to fulfill the purposes for which such data was obtained.
Specific security measures are applied to prevent the loss of data, illegal or improper utilization and unauthorized access.
Categories of recipients
Your data will be processed by employees and collaborators of the Company who are provided with adequate operating instructions and were appointed as persons in charge of the processing.
Data may be communicated to parties acting as independent data controllers such as:
supervisory and control authorities and entities and, in general, subjects, public or private, entitled to request data;
lawyers, accountants, auditors.
Data may also be processed on behalf of the Company by external parties appointed as data processors, who are provided with adequate operating instructions, such as companies which provide services for the maintenance of the information system.
The list of recipients is constantly updated and available on request by contacting the address above or sending an email to privacy@veronafiere.it.
Your rights
In relation to the processing activities carried out by the Data Controller, You may ask Data Controller for access to your personal data, erasure of personal data, rectification of inaccurate data, integration of incomplete data, restriction of the processing in the cases set out in article 18 of GDPR, and object, on grounds relating to his/her particular situation, to processing in the case of legitimate interests of the controller.
Furthermore, in the case where processing is based on consent or on a contract and carried out with automated tools, data subjects have the right to receive the personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and to transmit the data to another data controller without hindrance.
At any moment, You can also lodge a complaint to the competent Supervisory Authority as well as to seek other remedies available under applicable law.
How to exercise your rights
For the requests above, you can send an email to privacy@veronafiere.it.
Last update: May 2018
RECENT ARTICLES
MORE READING
3
FIERAGRICOLA 2020 CLOSES WITH 132,000 VISITORS TRADE DELEGATIONS FROM 30 NATIONS
03-02-2020
4
FIERAGRICOLA APP
22-01-2020
5
Il Giornale del Rivenditore Agricolo
01-01-2020
1
“Green” fertilizer thanks to Italian research
16-01-2016
2
Österreichischer Biomasseverband
08-02-2014
3
Zootecnica International
05-12-2019
4
YOUNG FARMERS TURN TO PRECISION FARMING: 64% INTEND TO INVEST IN MACHINERY AND TECHNOLOGIES WITHIN 1-2 YEARS
06-07-2017
5
Vita in campagna
02-01-2018
YOU CAN ALSO INTEREST YOU
Myfieragricola |
28-05-2015
Cookies extended information notice
Myfieragricola |
25-11-2018
Exhibitors confidential area
Myfieragricola |
29-11-2018
Customize your company profile on fieragricola official exhibitor directory
Myfieragricola |
29-11-2018
Promotional tools and sponsorship opportunities
FIERAGRICOLA IS A MEMBER OF
IN COLLABORATION WITH
OFFICIAL PARTNERS
UNDER THE PATRONAGE OF
© Copyright 2020,
Veronafiere S.p.A - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy | Cookies Extended Information Notice
Web Agency Milano Bluedog