https://www.bisbellmagnets.com/privacy-policy
+44 (0)1283 531000
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
About Us
Magnetic Sheet
Product Selector
White Sheets
Colours
Adhesive Backed
Plain
SRA3 Sheets
Cut Sheets/Labels
Slit Magnet
Special Offer
Show All Magnetic Sheet
Ferro Materials
Product Selector
HD Ferro Sheet (PET/PP)
Dry Wipe Ferro Sheet
White Ferro Sheet
Adhesive Backed Ferro Sheet
Plain Ferro Sheet
Blackboard/Greenboard
Cut Sheets
Liquid Chalk Pens
Show All Ferro Materials
Magnetic Tape
Product Selector
Steel Tape
Clear Transfer Adhesive
White Foam Magnetic Tape
Pre-Cut Pieces
Magnetic Ticketing
Show All Magnetic Tape
Window Graphics
Window Graphic Product Selector
White
Clear
Show All Window Graphics
Knife Storage
Product Selector
Professional Strength Racks
Wooden Racks
Aluminium Racks
Black Racks
Silver Racks
Coloured Racks
Custom Knife Racks
Rack Accessories
Coloured Knife Pods
Magnetic Blade Guards
Knife Blocks
Gift Sets
Miscellaneous Products
Show All Knife Storage
Magnets
Educational Magnets
Neodymium Magnets
Rubber Covered Magnets
Gripping Tools
Whiteboard Magnets
Miscellaneous Magnets
Show All Magnets
Special Offers
Wall-mag ™
Accessories
Matt Finish
Blackboard
Gloss Finish
Green chalkboard
Magnetic Application
Self-adhesive Application
Wallpaper Application
Show All Wall-mag ™
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is our privacy statement. Please read it with care.
This privacy notice tells you about the information we collect from you when you purchase one or more of our products via our website. In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and, by law, we are required to provide you with information about us, about why and how we use your data, and about the rights you have over your data. Who are we? We are Bisbell Magnetic Products Limited, Hillfield Lane, Stretton, Burton upon Trent, Staffordshire, DE13 0BN, England. Our company number is 1015802. You can contact us by post at the above address, by email at sales@bisbellmagnets.com or by telephone on +44 (0)1283 531000 We are not required to have a data protection officer, so any enquiries about our use of your personal data should be addressed to the contact details above. What personal data do we collect? When you purchase products from us online, we ask you for your name, address, contact telephone number, email address and credit card information. Why do we collect this information? We will use your information to verify your credit card details for your purchase, process your order and to send you your goods. We will also send you a receipt via email and we may use your telephone number or email to contact you regarding your delivery or any after sales issues.
From time to time, if you consented accordingly we might email for a review in a reasonable amount of time after the goods have been delivered. We require this information in order to process your payment, deliver your goods and fulfil our contract with you.  What do we do with your information? Your information is stored in our order processing system which is based with the European Union. Your credit card details are passed to one of three third-party payment processor depending on payment method selected:PayPal - Based in the USA
Worldpay  - Based in the USAAll are certified to the EU-US Privacy Shield (which requires effective safeguards for your information). Unless you create an account with us, we do not retain your credit card information. We do not use the information you provide to make any automated decisions that might affect you. How long do we keep your information for? To make sure we meet our legal data protection and privacy obligations, we only hold on to your information for as long as we actually need it for the purposes we acquired it for in the first place. Your rights over your information By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate. You can also ask us to give you a copy of the information and to stop using your information for a period of time if you believe we are not doing so lawfully. To submit a request by email, post or telephone, please use the contact information provided above. Your right to complain If you have a complaint about our use of your information, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office via their website at www.ico.org.uk/concerns or write to them at: Information Commissioner's OfficeWycliffe HouseWater LaneWilmslowCheshireSK9 5AF