http://www.offshore-electronics.co.uk/resources/policy-documents
Policy Documents
You are hereHomeResourcesPolicy Documents
ResourcesDownloads
Policy Documents
Please find below download links for our purchasing terms and conditions, our general business terms and conditions for sales, ISO 9001 : 2015 Quality certificates together with RoHS, REACH, Conflict Materials, GDPR and Brexit statements. Privacy notices and GDPR compliance documents have been available since May 2018.Download LinksDocuments require Adobe pdf reader. Purchasing Terms & ConditionsSales Terms & Conditions            ISO 9001 : 2015 Certificate        RoHS  Statement                           REACH   Statement                           Conflict Materials Statement      GDPR Privacy Statement              Brexit Statement
Customer Testimonials
We have been working with Offshore Electronics for over 20 years. They offer outstanding quality and repeatability of our complex PCBs
Edwin Prescott
CEO, Sprint Electric
For the last 25 years, Offshore Electronics Limited has developed a strong business relationship with our company. They have been an essential part of the ETC Supply Chain Management Process by delivering full turnkey PCB manufacturing services for our business. Our relationship with Offshore Electronics is a strong one as we consider them to be a key part of our business.
Julian Newton-Turner
Manufacturing and Supply Chain Manager, ETC Ltd.
From the outset, the team at Offshore Electronics have been able to provide us with an outstanding service. Offshore is run by experienced engineers and they take a genuine interest in helping us manufacture the best possible products. It’s fair to say that they have been a major contributor to the ongoing success of EM Electronics.
Ernest Moorey
Founder and Managing Director of EM Electronics
Offshore provide ID Porte with a competitive and flexible solution to help us with our ever-changing manufacturing demands, along with friendly and informative service Offshore have become an integral part of our team rather than just a supplier
Nick Smith
Technical Director, ID Porte
The team at Offshore Electronics has helped us launch a brand new upgrade to our products, seamlessly. Offshore supported us from initial supply of prototype PCB’s, through manufacture and now to the production of complete panels. From start to finish the level of customer service we have received has been truly exceptional.
Mecmesin Limited