https://www.aervoe.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyWho Are We:Aervoe.com a division of Aervoe Industries, 1100 Mark Circle Gardnerville NV 89410When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.What information do we collect?General. When you visit the Site, you can browse without submitting any personal information about yourself. We will, however, receive and store some non-personally identifiable information about you, as described below. In order to participate in certain functionalities, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information is information that can identify you, including, for example, your name or email address.Account; Purchase; Payment Information. If you create an account or purchase paid features of the Service, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our payment form, including, but not limited to, name, email address, and payment card information (including card number, expiration address, and verification code). We use a third party payment processor (currently Authorize.Net) to assist in securely processing your personally identifiable payment information, including recurring charges (if any). The credit card information that you provide is encrypted and transmitted directly to Authorize.Net. We do not store your credit card information and do not control and are not responsible for Authorize.Net or its collection or use of your information. You may find out more about how Authorize stores and uses your credit card information by accessing the Privacy Policy for Authorize.Net Services. If you choose to use PayPal to make purchases through the Site, you will be directed to the PayPal website and provide your payment information directly to PayPal. PayPal’s privacy policy applies to the information you provide on the PayPal website.Communications; Email Address Collection. In order to receive certain communications from us, such as responses to user inquiries, you will be required to submit your email address to us. You may also provide your email address to us in order to receive security updates and news even if you do not sign up for an account or make a purchase. Any non-Service related email you receive from us will include an unsubscribe link that will allow you to opt-out of receiving future emails. It may be necessary to send you Service-related announcements. For example, if the Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we may send users an email. You may not opt-out of Service-related emails which are not promotional in nature.User Content. The Service may allow you to post or submit comments or other information, such as in response to our blog content (www.aervoe.com/blog) (“User Content”). We may use User Content to improve the Service and we may save User Content or other content you post indefinitely. Our as a highlighted review on Aervoe products.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureTo send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies or pixels?Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.“Pixels” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of web users. Unlike cookies, which are stored on a computer’s hard drive, pixels are small graphics that are about the size of the period at the end of the sentence that are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails. Our third-party analytics providers may place pixels on the Site that track what other websites you visit (both before and after visiting the Site). Our third-party analytics providers use information obtained from pixels to help us improve our business and the Service. We do not control the use of pixels by third parties.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.How long we keep your personal informationWe retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to provide the services to you and to comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to use your personal information or to provide you with the Aervoe Sales services, you can request that we erase your personal information and close your Aervoe account. Please note that if you request the erasure of your personal information we will retain information from deleted accounts as necessary for our legitimate business interests, to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the terms of service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.GDPR Online Privacy PolicyIf you are a resident in a European Country we value your privacy and have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the GDPR Protection Act. For a complete review of GDPR Compliance please review our separate GDPR Privacy Policy page.Child Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.GDPR Privacy Protection PolicyAs of May 25, 2018 Aervoe has made every effort to be in full compliance with GDPR regulations, regarding personal data storage and collection of European website visitors. Although Aervoe industries do not at this time offer online ordering of our products to customers outside of North America, we are aware that we often get website visitors from other countries looking for information. During your visit we could collect personal data you provide in website forms and marketing data collected through the IP address of your computer through the use of cookies. Click here for a complete GDPR Policy and List of Approved Vendors Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page or provide a link to associated changes.GDPR Compliance changes (updated 5/23/18)Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. You may access, update, or delete your personal information by contacting us at the contact information provided below. We will make good faith efforts to resolve requests to correct inaccurate information except where the request is unreasonable, requires disproportionate technical effort or expense, jeopardizes the privacy of others, or would be impractical.1100 Mark Circle Gardnerville, Nevada 89410 United Statesmarketing@aervoe.com Contact Us Form Search for:
HomeAbout usShopContact UsResource CenterProduct Data SheetsWarranty FormPrivacy Policy
Login
Newsletter
Large enough to meet your needs... Small enough to know them!
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.AcceptRead more