http://www.generatorjoe.net/html/privacysecurity.html
This is a new pop-up window on top of your GeneratorJoe browser window.
CLICK TO CLOSE
WINDOW
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
This Company policy and security document was last updated January 1, 2016.
We DO NOT and WILL NOT disclose Your personal information, including Your name, address, transaction or other information to anyone, for any reason. We DO NOT and will not sell Your name, address or contact information to anyone, at anytime. WE PROMISE!
GeneratorJoe recognizes its obligation to protect the privacy and safety of its online guests. We have developed these privacy and safety practices in order to maintain these standards.
Personal Information:  We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us. We do not require any personal information for access to most of our Web site. Any personal information that you provide by email or Web forms will be used only for such purposes as are described at the point of collection, such as to respond to your questions or comments, or to send information or products to you. If you provide contact information, GeneratorJoe staff or our contractors may contact you to clarify your comment or question, or to learn about your level of customer satisfaction with our services. Our site's membership registration form requires that you give us contact information (like your name, address and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to help us provide better products and service and to send you information or promotional materials. You may decline the opportunity to receive future mailings; your personal information will remain in our database, however. We will not disclose any personal information to third parties except when it is
required to complete a customer-requested transaction or delivery, or if a court subpoenas this information.
Protection of Children's Personal Information: GeneratorJoe does not publish content that is targeted to children. GeneratorJoe does not actively seek any demographic or preference information from children, nor will it ever disclose any personally identifying information regarding children to third parties.
Statistical vs. Personal Information:
Some non-personal information is collected and stored automatically when you visit
GeneratorJoe. If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. Our system collects data in the server log that may include: IP address, Domain name, Type of browser, Operating system, Pages viewed and Search requests.
And, if you linked to the GeneratorJoe Web site from another Web site, that Web site's address may be logged. We aggregate this data and use it for statistical purposes. For example, the aggregated data helps us to determine the volume of our Web site users' interest in areas of our Web site. It also helps us understand how we can improve the navigation and content of our Web site. We may disclose this to third parties, but only in an aggregated form.
Use of Cookies: Non-personal information may also be collected with the use of cookies. When someone visits the Web site, a cookie is placed on the customer's machine (only if the visitor's Web browser has been set to accept cookies) or is read if the visitor has visited the site previously. GeneratorJoe collects aggregated site-visitation statistics using cookies. We do not track individuals' use of the site. If your browser is set to not accept cookies, you will be able to view most of the site; however, you may not be able to take advantage of personalized content, conveniences or services that are offered on the site.
Password Protection:
To protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer, it is important that you log out when you have completed your business on GeneratorJoe on a shared computer.
Online Shopping: When you shop online at
GeneratorJoe, you are in a secured environment that is designed to protect your transaction and credit card number. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software which encrypts the information you provide. In addition, we only display the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming your order, although the entire number is transmitted to your credit card company. On our Web site, you can tell that the site is secure because the Web address (URL) begins with https://. You man also see an icon representing a lock in the lower right corner of your browser window. Many product information pages appear outside of the secure area but all areas where you input data or communicate with GeneratorJoe are secure. You will notice when you go to the shopping cart the lock symbol at the bottom of the browser will show that you are in an encrypted environment.
Security:
GeneratorJoe will provide commercially available and reasonable security measures. However, you understand and acknowledge that certain risks are inherent in the transmission of information over the Internet and you agree to assume the security risk for the transmission of the information you provide to use this Site.
GeneratorJoe may, at any time, revise these policies by updating this posting. Your continued use of this Site indicates your acceptance of all revisions and you should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review these policies for changes. If you have any comments or questions about this policy, please contact:
security@GeneratorJoe.net.
Copyright © 1996-2019 GeneratorJoe Inc. & GeneratorJoe ®. All Rights Reserved.
This is a new pop-up window on top of your GeneratorJoe browser window.
CLICK TO CLOSE
WINDOW