https://www.brockusa.com/privacy-policy/
X
Member Login
Home
Designer
Builder
Owner
Modern Artificial Turf 3 Points of Safety
IMPACTS
HEAT
TRACTION
Products
Brock PowerBase PRO
Brock PowerBase YSR
Brock SP Series
Brock PowerBase PLAY
BrockFill
Baseball
Projects Spotlight Map
Designer-Builder Directory
Field Testing
HIC
GMax
Deformation
Research
Brock Research
Concussions
Designer-Builder Directory
Sustainablility
Safer Sports News
About Us
Brock Europe
Upcoming Events
History
Personnel
National IPA
Contact Us
Search for:
Privacy Policy
BROCK INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY POLICY
Brock International recognizes the importance of protecting the personal privacy of its website visitors and as such will not send unsolicited “junk” or “spam” email to you as a result of visiting any Brock International website unless you specifically request that such data in email form be sent . The following Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the types of information Brock International may collect and permissible use that information. The Policy applies only to Brock International North America websites. When leaving this website, please read the privacy policy applicable to that website, if any, to ensure you understand and agree with the applicable policy. Brock International reserves the right to change the Policy at any time without notice. Policy revisions are effective upon posting and apply only to data collected thereafter. You should periodically visit this Brock International to review the current terms.
Confidentiality
Brock International does not sell or provide data to non-affiliate third parties for promotional purposes, but may collect and share aggregate website statistical information (such as sales, traffic patterns or related information) with third parties with the express approval of Brock International ®. No such shared statistics will contain any identifying user information.
Visitor Identification
When connecting to our website, Brock International may automatically collect technical non-personal information. Examples include the type of Internet browser used, your computer operating system and the IP address of the website from which you linked to our website. When viewing our website, information in the form of a “cookie” or similar file may also be stored on your computer. This information helps Brock International to tailor its website in a manner to better match your interests and preferences. If you do not wish to receive cookies or want to be notified when they are placed on your computer, many Internet browser’s settings allow you to erase existing “cookies” or block or warn before a cookie is stored on your computer. Consult your specific browser’s instructions to learn more about these features.
Personal Information
Brock International does not collect personally identifiable information (name, address, e-mail address and telephone number) through its website unless you provide it to us voluntarily. Brock International may ask you for personal information to respond to your questions; process or fulfill your order or request; or register you in contests and sweepstakes. For product or service orders, Brock International may need additional information in order to process or fulfill your order or request. Brock International will not share your personal information with third parties without your permission, except as otherwise necessary to (i) process or fulfill your order, (ii) respond to your request or answer your inquiries, (iii) enter you in contests, sweepstakes or other promotional activities, or (iv) comply with any applicable law, court order or other judicial process. Brock International may occasionally hire other companies to provide certain services on its behalf, including management of contests, sweepstakes and surveys. Brock International may provide such companies with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to deliver the service, which may not be for any other purpose. You will not receive e-mails or mailings concerning Brock International or its products, services or promotions unless you specifically elect to receive such information. Although no system is currently 100% immune from external attack, Brock International has taken commercially reasonable measures to prevent the unauthorized access and improper use of your personal information.
© 2016 BROCK INTERNATIONAL
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
WHY BROCK VIDEO
Discover. engage. connect.
Forward Madison FC Finds New Home at Hart Park16NovRead More »NFLPA President JC Tretter: Artificial turf is causing surge in injuries22OctRead More »Shock Pads Reach a Tipping Point2MarBased on the groundbreaking novel by Malcolm Gladwell, tipping points occur when more than about…Read More »100+ Fields and Counting2MarOur program of testing and ongoing improvement continues. We are coming up on some fields…Read More »Brock’s Carbon Zero Program2MarThis will be a company-wide effort and will analyze everything from how we dispose of…Read More »Artificial Turf & The War on Microplastics: A Call To Action4NovAlongside global climate change, plastic pollution has surged into our popular consciousness as one of…Read More »