https://www.neo-pangea.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Home
Company
Portfolio
News
Lab
Contact
Share
Home
Company
Portfolio
News
Lab
Contact
Newsletter:
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you, as a visitor to our website www.neo-pangea.com (“the Neo-Pangea Site”), what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit, how we may use that information, and whether we disclose it to anyone. This Privacy Policy applies only to us and our subsidiaries and affiliates, and not to other companies’ or organizations’ sites to which we may link.
INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE NEO-PANGEA SITE
Personally Identifiable Information
The majority of the information provided by Neo-Pangea on the Neo-Pangea Site is available to you without Neo-Pangea collecting any information that is identifiable to you as an individual such as your name, email address, street address or telephone number (Personally Identifiable Information). You can review almost the entire Neo-Pangea Site without disclosing any Personally Identifiable Information. However, Neo-Pangea does collect Personally Identifiable Information that you may provide voluntarily. Some examples of times when Neo-Pangea collects Personally Identifiable Information include when you:
contact us via the contact portal on the Neo-Pangea Site
ask us about employment opportunities and send us your resume or other employment experience information
complete a survey
sign up to receive our newsletter
send us an e-mail message
You have a choice as to whether to provide Neo-Pangea with any Personally Identifiable Information. Although you are not required to disclose any Personally Identifiable Information to us, portions of the Neo-Pangea Site may not be available to you without your providing this information.
THE NEO-PANGEA SITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY MINORS. ACCORDINGLY, WE DO NOT REQUEST ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM MINORS. MINORS SHOULD NOT POST ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE NEO-PANGEA SITE.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. You transmit all such information at your own risk.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
The second type of information collected on the Neo-Pangea Site is Non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as the type of Web browser you use, your domain name and links you may have used to locate the Neo-Pangea Site, but which otherwise does not identify you individually. When you visit an Internet site, you disclose certain information about yourself, such as your Internet [Protocol] (IP) address, browser type, the time of your visit, and the referring location (e.g., the site page that offered a link to our Site page). Other information disclosed includes clickstream data, which includes a record of the clicked selections you make while visiting the Neo-Pangea Site. This data does not, on its own, permit direct association with a specific individual.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED
We do not sell or rent any information that we receive from the Neo-Pangea Site. Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your Personally Identifiable Information with anyone outside of Neo-Pangea and those hired by Neo-Pangea to perform work on its behalf.
Neo-Pangea uses any Personally Identifiable Information you provide in a limited number of ways. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to (i) provide you with information about Neo-Pangea and its services or (ii) enhance or update the Neo-Pangea Site or (iii) compile demographic statistics about users of the Neo-Pangea Site. We may also, on occasion, combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from other parties to enhance our ability to provide you with information about Neo-Pangea and its services that we think may be of interest to you.
Who Might We Share Your Personal Information With?
Your Personally Identifiable Information collected by Neo-Pangea will not be sold to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent. We may share your information with third parties who perform certain services for Neo-Pangea, such as background checks or facilitating aspects of the Neo-Pangea Site, such as our mailing list. Neo-Pangea uses Mail Chimp to host its email list. A copy of Mail Chimp’s privacy policy is available here: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
WHILE WE STRIVE TO SELECT THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WHO HAVE OR SHARE THE SAME STANDARDS IN REGARDS TO PRIVACY POLICIES, THE USER AGREES THAT WITH RESPECT TO THOSE THIRD PARTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE SITES WE LINK TO, WE DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING THE SAME, NOR WILL WE BE RESPONSIBLE TO THE USER OR ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR OTHER MATERIAL THAT MAY BE SOLD, LICENSED, DISTRIBUTED OR PROMOTED BY SUCH THIRD PARTIES OR ON SUCH SITES, OR FOR ANY CONTENT ON SUCH SITES. WE ENCOURAGE VISITORS OF THESE SITES TO REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICIES POSTED ON THESE SITES.
On an aggregate basis only, we may collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information about users of the Neo-Pangea Site. Neo-Pangea will never disclose any Personally Identifiable Information as part of this aggregate information but we may use, transfer, and disclose this Non-Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose. For example, we may record this basic information about visits to the Neo-Pangea Site in order to track visits to the Neo-Pangea Site, help diagnose problems with our server, assist us in technical development of the Neo-Pangea Site, and to improve our services and advertising.
Neo-Pangea will make every effort to preserve user privacy but we may need disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, and content protection organizations to: (i) protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and that of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents, contractors, or other individuals; (ii) protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties; (iii) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (iv) respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement, or public authorities; (v) permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain; or (vi) comply with the law including with subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, and other legal process.
Sale Or Transfer Of All Or Part Of Our Business Or Assets
In the event that Neo-Pangea, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by another company, we reserve the right to transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies And Other Technologies
Neo-Pangea uses a feature of your browser called a “cookie.” A cookie automatically identifies a computer—but not an individual—to our servers when an individual visits the Neo-Pangea Site. We use cookies to gather general, aggregate statistics about the overall popularity and usage of the Neo-Pangea Site. Neo-Pangea also uses more temporary cookies, often referred to as session cookies, to keep a user logged into the system and aid in the exchange of information between pages without loss of data. Such a cookie, however, is only stored for the current browsing session and is deleted once the browser is closed.
We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as Non-Personally Identifiable Information. However, to the extent that Non-Personally Identifiable Information is combined with Personally Identifiable Information, we treat the combined information as Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
If for any reason you wish not to take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser not accept them, although this will disable or render unusable some essential features of the Neo-Pangea Site and services. If you disagree with our usage of cookies, please do not visit the Neo-Pangea Site.
Neo-Pangea may also collect information through the use of clear gifs (also called Web beacons and Web bugs) in selected email messages we send to you. These are tiny graphic files, not visible to the human eye, that are included in HTML-based emails and used to let us know which emails we send are opened. Clear gifs may also see or read cookies on your computer. When authorized by Neo-Pangea, third parties specializing in monitoring aggregate statistical use of the Neo-Pangea Site with whom we contract, may use cookies, our web log files, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate data.
You should remember that whenever you voluntarily disclose information online, such as on message boards, through e-mail, discussion groups, or in chat areas, your information can be collected and used by others. Although we try to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. You are solely responsible of maintaining the secrecy of any passwords you set up and/or any account information.
Other Websites And Links
We may include links to other websites that we think will be of interest to you or operated by our business partners, affiliates, advertisers and others. These third parties have separate data collection and privacy practices independent from ours, and Neo-Pangea cannot be responsible for their policies or activities. If you choose to purchase products or services through a third party site, or otherwise access a third party site, the data collected by the third party is governed by that third party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other sites you visit.
Accessing and Updating Information
If you wish to change or update any Personally Identifiable Information we have collected about you, request that we delete it, or request that we change how we use it, please send an email to info@neo-pangea.com with your instructions.
California Privacy Rights/Do Not Track Notice
This paragraph applies only to California residents. As a California resident, you have a legal right to request and receive in writing or by e-mail the names and addresses of all such third-parties who received your Personally Identifiable Information during the previous calendar year and a list of the types of Personally Identifiable information disclosed to such third parties. To request such information, please send an e-mail to info@neo-pangea.com.
We will not honor such a request more than once per calendar year.
GDPR POLICY
The GDPR Policy applies only to residents of the EU.
The term “Personal Data” as used in this Privacy Notice means any information relating to you such as your name, contact details, bank account details etc. Personal Data does not include data from which you can no longer be identified such as anonymized aggregate data.
What Information Do We Collect About You, How Do We Collect It And What Do We Use It For?
The kinds of Personal Data we may collect include contact information, such as your address, email address and telephone number, and employment information, such as your job title. In addition, we collect the Personal Data you choose to provide to us, e.g. if you contact us by letter, telephone, email, via our website, or any other means of electronic or personal communication. Under the GDPR, Neo-Pangea must possess and identify a lawful basis for collecting or processing your Personal Data which may vary according to the type of Personal Data processed and the individual to whom it relates.We will therefore process your Personal Data only:
if you have consented to us doing so;
if we need it to perform a contract we have entered into with you;
if we need it to comply with a legal obligation; or
if we (or a third party) have a legitimate interest that is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Such legitimate interests will be the providing of services by us, administrative or operational processes within Neo-Pangea and direct marketing.
We need to collect and use your Personal Data for a number of reasons, the primary purpose being to provide customized products and services to our clients and which may involve the use of your Personal Data. We may also use your Personal Data to inform you about our services and new technological developments. If you provide information to us about someone else (such as one of your associates, directors or employees, or someone with whom you have business dealings) you must ensure that you are entitled to disclose that information to us and that, without our taking any further steps, we may process that information in accordance with this Policy.
Please note that we may use or disclose Personal Data if we are required by law to do so or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with judicial or regulatory proceedings, a court order or other legal process.
Special Category And Criminal Records Personal Data
If Neo-Pangea processes your criminal records Personal Data or special category Personal Data relating to your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious and philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health data, biometric data or sexual orientation, we will obtain your explicit consent to those activities unless this is not required by law or the information is required to protect your health in an emergency. Where we are processing Personal Data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Direct Marketing
We may use your contact details to send you marketing materials, provided we are permitted to do so by law. You always have the right to unsubscribe from any marketing. You can do so by clicking on the relevant link in the next email we send you.
What We May Need From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access Personal Data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
Accuracy Of Information
It is important that the Personal Data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please let us know if your Personal Data changes during your relationship with us.
What If You Do Not Provide The Personal Data We Request?
It is in your sole discretion to provide Personal Data to us. If you do not provide us with all or some of the Personal Data we request, we may not be able to accept an engagement from you, to provide all or some of our legal services, to enter into a contract with you or to send you requested marketing information.
Change Of Purpose
We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason which is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Anonymization
In some circumstances we may anonymize your Personal Data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case it is no longer Personal Data and no longer subject to the GDPR.
With Whom Will We Share Your Information?
When using your Personal Data for the purposes and on the legal basis described above we may share your Personal Data with our affiliate offices as well as other law firms and services providers we work with. Such recipients include but are not limited to: co-counsel, foreign law firms whom we work with on your behalf, Neo-Pangea’s insurance broker’s and underwriters, Neo-Pangea’s bank, auditors, and accountants; and Neo-Pangea’s third-party IT service providers. We may also have to share your Personal Data with regulators, public institutions, courts or other third parties.
When we use third-party organizations to process your Personal Data on our behalf, they must have appropriate security arrangements, must comply with our contractual requirements and instructions, and must certify compliance with the GDPR and any other relevant data protection legislation.
For the purposes described above, we may have to transfer your Personal Data to organizations located in “third countries” (those outside of the EEA). In addition to the security arrangements mentioned above in relation to our engagement of third-party organizations, where such transfers are required we will ensure that your Personal Data is adequately protected, for example, by using a contract for the transfer which contains specific data protection provisions.
If you require further information about this you can request it from info@neo-pangea.com.
How Do We Protect Your Personal Data?
We have security arrangements in place to guard against unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, destruction or accidental loss of your Personal Data. We take appropriate organizational and technical security measures and have rules and procedures in place to ensure that any Personal Data we hold is not accessed by anyone unauthorized to access it. We have in place, and abide by, a specific information security policy about the security standards used to protect your Personal Data.
When we use third-party organizations to process your Personal Data on our behalf, they must also have appropriate security arrangements, must comply with our contractual requirements and instructions and must ensure compliance with the GDPR and any other relevant data protection legislation.
Your rights in relation to your information
Under the GDPR, you have certain rights that you may exercise under certain circumstances in relation to your Personal Data that we possess. For example, you may:
request access to your Personal Data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”) and request certain information in relation to its processing;
request rectification of your Personal Data;
request the erasure of your Personal Data;
request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data;
object to the processing of your Personal Data.
You also have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have us transmit your Personal Data to another controller, if you have provided the Personal Data to us, if the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of GDPR or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of GDPR and the processing is carried out by us by automated means, subject, however, to legal restrictions which may apply.
If you want to exercise one of these rights please contact us at info@neo-pangea.com.
You also have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues, or, as the case may be, any other competent supervisory authority of an EU member state.
Right To Withdraw Consent
Where you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. To withdraw your consent, please contact info@neo-pangea.com. Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose(s) to which you originally consented unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for further processing that override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. In case we processed your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time, in which case we will no longer process your Personal Data for such marketing purposes. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of the Neo-Pangea Site and/or Services. You further agree that Neo-Pangea shall not be held liable with respect to any loss and/or damage to your personal information if you choose to withdraw consent.
How Long Will We Retain Your Information?
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and processed, including for the purposes of satisfying any contractual, regulatory, legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
Upon conclusion of the applicable retention period we will securely destroy your Personal Data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
Fees
Generally, you will not be required to pay a fee to exercise your rights under this Privacy Policy. However, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee if your request to exercise your individual rights is manifestly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
No Automated Decision Making
We do not apply automated decision making or profiling techniques.
How To Make A Complaint
If you are unhappy with the information provided in this Privacy Policy or have concerns about the way in which Neo-Pangea processes your Personal Data you may in the first instance contact us at info@neo-pangea.com and if you remain dissatisfied then you may apply directly to the Information Commissioner for a decision. The Information Commissioner can be contacted at:
Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF www.ico.org.uk
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy not just the first time you visit the Neo-Pangea Site but periodically afterward because we may modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. The date of the last update of the Privacy Policy will always be posted below.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY WAS LAST REVISED ON: July 5, 2018.
If we make any substantive changes to our Privacy Policy in the future with regard to how we use your Personally Identifiable Information, we will incorporate those changes here. Your continued use of the Neo-Pangea Site after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and with regard to information we collect from you in the future. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue use of the Neo-Pangea Site.
Contacting Neo-Pangea
Please feel free to share any comments and concerns with us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Neo-Pangea215 S. 5th Ave. West Reading, PA 19611 info@neo-pangea.com
Home
Company
Portfolio
News
Lab
Contact
© 2020 Neo-Pangea, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Electronic: info@neo-pangea.com
Telephone: 610·796·2323
Facsimile: 610·879·4863
215 S. 5th Ave.West Reading, PA19611
.