http://www.epco.org/privacy-policy
Savings & CheckingCompare AccountsKids and Teen AccountssmsGuardianFeesCurrent RatesLoans & Credit CardsConsumer LoansReal Estate LoansCredit CardsTeen Auto LoanStudent LoansLending FeesLending RatesMake a loan paymentFor SaleAuto Showcase PartnersOnline ServicesMobile BankingMake a Loan PaymentBill PayeStatementDigital WalletAutobooksLocations / ATMsHoursATMsMembershipJoining Heritage SouthInsurance & InvestmentsCredit ReportFAQs
Savings & CheckingCompare AccountsKids and Teen AccountssmsGuardianFeesCurrent RatesLoans & Credit CardsConsumer LoansReal Estate LoansCredit CardsTeen Auto LoanStudent LoansLending FeesLending RatesMake a loan paymentFor SaleAuto Showcase PartnersOnline ServicesMobile BankingMake a Loan PaymentBill PayeStatementDigital WalletAutobooksLocations / ATMsHoursATMsMembershipJoining Heritage SouthInsurance & InvestmentsCredit ReportFAQs
Privacy Policy
Social Media PolicyMobile Deposit Terms and ConditionsFees and Disclosures
Privacy Notice & Disclosure
Privacy Notice (PDF)
Social Media Policy
Mobile Deposit Terms and Conditions
How to Protect Your Identity and Your Home Computer-front (PDF)
How to Protect Your Identity and Your Home Computer-back (PDF)
ID Theft Info.org
Heritage South Community Credit Union, your member-owned financial institution, is committed to providing you with competitive products and services to meet your financial needs and help you reach your goals. We are equally committed to protecting the privacy of our members. Under federal law, we are required to give you this privacy notice. It describes our credit union's policy and practices concerning the personal information we collect and disclose about our members. It also includes information about the parties who receive personal and sometimes non-public information from us as we conduct the business of the credit union. These practices are followed by the credit union and its affiliate, Heritage South Financial, LLC, and therefore, this notice will be applied to both.
If after reading this notice you have questions, please contact us at:
(931) 680-1406 or 1-800-852-5136, Ext.1406
or write to:
Laura Parham
Heritage South Community Credit Union
P.O. Box 1219
Shelbyville, TN 37162
Information We Collect About You
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications and other forms
Information about your transactions with us or our affiliate, Heritage South Financial, LLC
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency
Information obtained when verifying the information you provide on an application or other forms; this may be obtained from your current or past employers, or from other financial institutions where you conduct financial transactions
We may disclose all of the information we collect, as described above, as permitted by law.
Parties Who Receive Information From Us
We may disclose nonpublic personal information about you to the following types of third parties:
Financial service providers, such as insurance companies, mortgage service companies, and securities broker-dealers
Non-financial companies, such as consumer reporting agencies, data processors, check/share draft printers, plastic card processors, and government agencies
Heritage South Community Credit Union and its affiliate, Heritage South Financial, LLC, may also work closely to offer products and services to meet members needs. As a result, we may also share your nonpublic, personal information with each other, as permitted by law. Fortunately, Heritage South Community Credit Union and affiliates only share information with third parties for normal business reasons. Therefore, you cannot "opt out" of any of our information sharing activities.
Please be aware that third parties can obtain your personal information from outside sources. This information could be used for solicitation purposes. For example, when you obtain a mortgage or equity loan, by law the transaction is recorded in the public land records of the jurisdiction where the property is located. This information-including the lender's name-becomes public and is available to anyone who visits the Record Clerk's office.
Despite our limited sharing practices, non-affiliated third parties can still obtain information about you from consumer reporting agencies and other outside sources to market their own products and services. If you wish to limit their ability to obtain and use your information for marketing purposes, call 1-888-5-OPTOUT (1-888-567-8688). This service instructs consumer reporting agencies not to share your information with third parties in connection with pre-approvals for insurance or credit cards.
Disclosure of Information To Parties That Provide Services To Us
In order for us to conduct the business of the credit union, we may dis-close all of the information we collect, as described above, to companies that perform marketing or other services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements so that we may provide members competitive products and services. We may also disclose nonpublic personal information about you under circumstances as permitted or required by law. These disclosures typically include information to process transactions on your behalf, conduct the operations of our credit union, follow your instructions as you authorize, or protect the security of our financial records. To protect our members' privacy, we only work with companies that agree to maintain strong confidentiality protections and limit the use of information we provide. We do not permit these companies to sell the information we provide to other third parties.
Disclosure of Information About Former Members
If you terminate your membership with Heritage South Community Credit Union or its affiliate, Heritage South Financial, LLC, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as may be permitted or required by law.
How We Protect Your Information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, or procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
What Members Can Do To Help
Heritage South Community Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of its members. Members can help by following these simple guidelines:
Protect your account numbers, plastic card numbers, PINs (personal identification numbers) and passwords. Never keep your PIN with your card, which can provide free access to your accounts if your card is lost or stolen
Use caution when disclosing your account numbers, social security numbers, etc., to other persons. If someone calls you explaining the call is on behalf of the credit union and asks for your account number, you should beware. Official credit union staff will have access to your information and will not have to ask for it.
Keep your information with us current. If your address or phone number changes, please let us know. It is important that we have current information on how to reach you. If we detect potentially fraudulent or unauthorized activity or use of an account, we will attempt to contact you immediately.
Let us know if you have any questions. Please do not hesitate to call us - we are here to serve you!
Internet Account Access
Your Rights and Responsibilities
Electronic Funds Disclosure Statement
The following information describes the various types of electronic funds transfers which are available to you with the Internet Account Access service and your rights and responsibilities concerning these transactions, including your rights under the Electronic Fund Transfers Act. Please read this document carefully. You may print or save this document for future reference or you may request a copy by telephoning us at the number listed in the section titled “Consumer Liability” and/or “Error Resolution Notice”.
Electronic Fund Transfers are deposits to, withdrawals from, transfers between your accounts, or cross-member transfers which are not originated by check, draft or similar paper instrument. If your account(s) involves such transfers, you have certain rights under the law which are described below. Please contact us at the telephone number listed in the section titled “Error Resolution Notice”.
Liability Disclosure
By applying for Account Access, you agree to accept responsibility for protecting the integrity of your Password, Security Question and Answer, and Challenge Questions and Answers. In order to help prevent unauthorized transactions and/or account access, you also agree to ensure the security of the personal computer (PC) you own and/or use to access the Heritage South Online Account Access service. By securing the PC you own and/or use, we specifically mean installing anti-virus software, a firewall and spyware detection software on your PC, and keeping this security software current; or verifying that the above security software has been installed and is current. You also agree that Heritage South may revoke Account Access if unauthorized account access and/or transactions occur as a result of your negligence in safeguarding the Password, Security Question and Answer, and Challenge Questions and Answers, and for ensuring the security of the personal computer you own and/or use to access the Heritage South Online Account Access service, as described above.
Types of Electronic Fund Transfers Available on Internet Account Access:
You may access your account 24 hours a day, 7 days a week using Heritage South Community Credit Union’s Internet Account Access, your member number (account number) and your personal identification number. From a personal computer with internet connection, by typing www.heritagesouth.org and clicking on Internet Account Access, you may perform the following transactions:
Transfer funds from your share (savings) account, share draft (checking) account, special club account, Gold Share Money Market account or Line of Credit
Transfer funds to all of the above listed accounts, any of your loan accounts and your Christmas Club Account
Get balances on all of your share (savings) accounts, share draft (checking) accounts, share certificate accounts and loan accounts
Get transaction history on all your share (savings) accounts, share draft (checking) accounts, loan accounts and share certificate accounts
Verify dividend rates paid on your accounts
Verify previous and current year dividends earned on your accounts
Verify loan type, next payment due date, payment due amount, interest rate, previous and current year interest paid and loan payoff amounts on your loans
Make bill payments from your share draft (checking) account to participating companies
Download account history files to be used as import files to Quicken™ or MS Money
Fees
Bill Payment Monthly Fee - $2.95 per month
There are no other charges accessed by the credit union for using Internet Account Access.
If the limited number of transfers per month (3) from Gold Share Money Market Account is exceeded, the fees and charges in truth-in-savings account disclosure for that type of account apply.
Your Ability To Stop Payments
Unless otherwise provided in this agreement, you may not stop payment of Electronic Fund Transfers. Therefore you should not employ electronic access for purchases or services unless you are satisfied that you will not need to stop payment.
The initiation by you of certain Electronic Fund Transfers from your account will, except as otherwise provided in this agreement, effectively eliminate your ability to stop payment of the transfer.
Documentation
Each time you make a transfer from one account type to another, you must confirm the transaction by clicking on the confirm transaction button. A reference number, date and time is provided upon confirmation. Please document and use that information if you have questions about your transaction.
You will receive a monthly statement from us for your share draft (checking) account. You will receive a monthly account statement from us for your share (savings) accounts, unless there are not transfers in a particular month. In any case, you will get a statement at least quarterly.
Business Days
Our business days are Monday through Friday until 4:45 CST. Holidays are not included. If the end of the calendar month falls on a Saturday or Sunday or holiday, we normally “close our books” on the preceding business day after the close of business. Transfers made using Internet Account Access after the books are closed or on a weekend or holiday will be treated for dividend calculation purposes as if they occurred on the first day following the weekend, holiday, or on the first day of the following month. However, these transactions will show on your statement as of the actual day the transfer was made. Loan payments made by using the Internet Account Access service after the books are closed will be treated for interest calculation and transaction reporting purposes as if they occurred on the actual calendar day you received the advance or made the loan payment, but they will appear on the statement applicable to the next month. If having a record of the date on which you make a loan payment is important to you for income tax reporting purposes, you may want to make the payment on or before the close of the last business day of December to make sure it will appear on your Year-End statement.
Financial Institution's Liability
Liability for failure to make transfers. If an internet account access transfer is not completed to or from your account and you can supply valid documentation including the date, time and reference number of the transaction, we will be liable for your losses or damages. However, there are some exceptions. We will not be liable, for instance:
If, through no fault of ours, you do not have enough money in your account to make the transfer.
If you do not have available credit on your line of credit loan to make the transfer.
If the computer you are using is not working properly and you knew about the malfunction when you started the transfer
If circumstances beyond our control (such as fire or flood) prevent the transfer, despite reasonable precautions we have taken.
There may be other exceptions stated in our agreement with you.
Confidentiality & Disclosure Of Account Information To Third Parties
In order to protect your privacy we will disclose information about your accounts to third parties or the transfers you make only in the following instances:
Where it is necessary to complete the transfer
In order to verify the existence and condition of your account for a third party, such as a credit bureau or to a merchant that you have authorized a transfer to.
In order to comply with government agency or court order
If you give us written permission
If an unauthorized disclosure has been made, we must inform you of the particulars of the disclosure within 3 days after we have discovered that an unauthorized disclosure has occurred.
Unauthorized Transfers
Consumer Liability – You will be liable for unauthorized use of your Internet Account Access PIN to the extent allowed by applicable federal and state laws. Tell us at once if you believe your account number and PIN has been stolen or used. Telephoning is the best, quickest way to inform us of a violation of your PIN and account number. If you tell us within 48 hours, you can lose no more than $50.00 if someone used your Internet Account Access PIN without your authorization. If you do not tell us within 48 hours after you learn of the loss or theft of your PIN, and we can prove we could have prevented someone from using your Internet Account Access PIN, without your authorization, you could lose as much as $500.00. If you believe that someone has transferred money or may transfer money from your account without your permission, call us at 931-684-3596 or toll-free at 1-800-852-5136 or write to us at Heritage South Community Credit Union, P.O. Box 1219, Shelbyville, TN 37162.
If your statement shows transfers that you did not make or authorize, tell us at once. If you do not tell us within 60 days after the statement was mailed to you, you may not get the money back that was transferred without your authorization, if we can prove that we could have stopped someone from taking the money if you had told us in time.
Error Resolution Notice
In Case of Errors or Questions About Your Internet Account Access Electronic Transfers, Call us at 931-684-3596 or toll-free at 1-800-852-5136 or write to us at Heritage South Community Credit Union, P.O. Box 1219, Shelbyville, TN 37162 as soon as you can. If you think there is an error on your account or have questions or need more information about a transfer listed on your statement, we must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent the FIRST statement on which the problem or error occurred.
Tell us your name and account number
Describe the error or transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an error or why you need more information.
Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error.
If you tell us orally, we may require that you send us your complaint or question in writing within 10 business days.
We will tell you the results of our investigation within 10 business days (20 business days if the transfer involved a bill payment transaction) after we hear from you and will correct any error promptly. If we need more time, however, we may take up to 45 days to investigate your complaint or question. If we decide to do this, we will credit your account within 10 business days (20 business days if the transfer involved a bill payment transaction) for the amount you think is in error, so that you will have the use of that money during the time it takes us to complete our investigation. If we ask you to put your complaint or question in writing and we do not receive it within 10 business days, we may not credit your account.
If we decide that there was no error, we will send you a written explanation within 3 business days after we finish our investigation. You may ask for copies of the documents we used in our investigation.
Children's Online Privacy Policy
We recognize that protecting children's identities and online privacy is important. We encourage you to get involved with your child's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating.
Currently, Heritage South Community Credit Union does not collect personal information from children under 13 years old through its web site, nor does it set "cookies." Cookies are bits of information stored by a web server on your computer's hard drive that record online activities. We ask you to check back here regularly to see what our latest policies are, particularly those relating to children.
In the future, if Heritage South Community Credit Union decides to collect information from your child who is under 13 years old through this web site, we will request your authorization first, in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. If you have questions concerning the privacy of your child's personal information, please contact us at:
(931) 684-3596 or 1-800-852-5136
or write to:
Heritage South Community Credit Union
P.O. Box 1219
Shelbyville, TN 37162
Weblinking Practices
Heritage South Community Credit Union may provide access to information, products or services offered on websites that are owned or operated by other companies ("third party websites"). We provide this access through the use of hyperlinks that automatically move you from an Heritage South Community Credit Union website to the third party site.
While we do our best to provide you with helpful, trustworthy resources, Heritage South Community Credit Union cannot endorse, approve or guarantee information, products, services or recommendations provided at a third party website. Because we may not always know when information on a linked site changes, Heritage South Community Credit Union is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any third party website. Heritage South Community Credit Union shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort resulting from the use of a link on its websites nor will it be liable for any failure of products or services advertised or provided on these linked sites.
Heritage South Community Credit Union offers links to you on an "as is" basis. When you visit a third party website by using a link on an Heritage South Community Credit Union site, you will no longer be protected by Heritage South Community Credit Union’s privacy policy or security practices. The data collection, use and protection practices of the linked site may differ from the practices of Heritage South Community Credit Union sites. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and security practices of the linked website. Those are the policies and practices that will apply to your use of the linked website, NOT Heritage South Community Credit Union's policies and practices.
Here are some tips to help you tell if you have left a Heritage South Community Credit Union website:
Instead of a Heritage South Community Credit Union address, the URL of the linked website appears in the location box (or address field) of your web browser.
The linked website is shown in a new browser window. The appearance of the linked site, including its colors and graphic design, is significantly different from the Heritage South Community Credit Union site.