http://www.gelatine.org/en/service/cookie-policy.html
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Decide which cookies to allow. You can change the cookie settings at any time. However, this can result in some functions no longer being available.Cookie settings
This cookie policy explains what cookies are and how they are used (hereafter the “Cookie Policy”) by the European Gelatine Manufacturers of Europe (GME).We advise the Visitor to read both the Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy as both are important for the protection of personal data.GME is a Sector group of Cefic and registered with the Belgian authorities at Rue Belliard 40, bte 15 - 1040 Brussels, Belgium.1. GENERALIf you have any questions about how we collect, store and use your personal information, please read our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about how we use cookies, please contact us.2. WHAT ARE COOKIES?A cookie is a small text file that the Website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the Website. It enables the Website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the Website or browse from one page to another.Cookies are used to optimize your browsing experience and simplify transactions online. Cookies allow us to recognize you every time you visit the Website and to recall personalized settings. This facilitates and improves your browsing experience. Furthermore, we collect data on how the Website is accessed to improve their overall performance in terms of speed and functionality/ease of use.First, there are mainly two types of cookies: ‘essential’ cookies and ‘non-essential’ cookies.Essential cookies: are cookies that are essential for our Website to function. They allow you to      browse our Website and to use its main features.Non-essential cookies: are cookies that allow you to personalise your user experience on our Website but are not essential for it to function.These two types of cookies each have different characteristics that can be distinguished and classified according to the length of time for which they are valid and the origin of their placement.On the one hand, according to the length of time for which they are valid on the user’s computer:Persistent or permanent cookies: remain after a session is closed. They are kept on the Visitor’s hard drive until they expire or until the Visitor deletes the cookies. Persistent cookies are used to collect identification data relating to the Visitor, such as behaviour while surfing the internet or preferences for a specific website.Session cookies: only last for the time taken to visit a website (session). They are deleted when the Visitor closes the browser.On the other hand, according to their placement:First-party cookies: these belong to the site that you choose to visit;Third-party cookies: these are cookies connected with the activity of partner third parties. They are imported from a site the content of which is accessible indirectly, for example via an image or a banner.The different types of cookies we use and for what purpose2.1 OUR USE OF COOKIESThe data collected from the cookies will be used in line with our Privacy Policy. In this respect, we only share your data with third party that performs data processing activities on our behalf and in line with our policies.Certain cookies only store and use data for the duration of your visit to the Website. Data collected from functional and tracking cookies will be used so long as you continue to visit the Website and will be stored for a certain period after your last active consultation of the Website, as set out below, after which these data will be deleted.2.2 LIST OF COOKIES USEDEssentialPHPSESSIDData Stored Provides the status of the user for each page request. Purpose: This cookie (PHPSESSID) is required for the PHP session and therefore is necessary for TYPO 3 (the content management system). Expiration of SessionThird parties – analytical_pinterest_cm Provider: pinterest.comType: HTTPData Stored/Purpose:Uses pinterest to follow the usage of the services.Expiration: 1 year_gaProvider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 2 yearsPurpose: Used to distinguish users._gidProvider:  Google Analytics         Expiration: 24 hoursPurpose: Used to distinguish users._gatProvider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 1 minutePurpose: Used to throttle request rate. If Google Analytics is deployed via Google Tag Manager, this cookie will be named _dc_gtm_<property-id>.AMP_TOKENProvider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 30 seconds to 1 yearPurpose:  Contains a token that can be used to retrieve a Client ID from AMP Client ID service. Other possible values indicate opt-out, inflight request or an error retrieving a Client ID from AMP Client ID service._gac_<property-id>Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration:  90 daysPurpose: Contains campaign related information for the user. If you have linked your Google Analytics and Google Ads accounts, Google Ads website conversion tags will read this cookie unless you opt-out.__utma Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 2 years from set/updatePurpose:  Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.__utmtProvider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 10 minutes  Purpose: Used to throttle request rate.__utmb               Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 30 mins from set/update      Purpose: Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utmb cookies exists. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.__utmc Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: End of browser sessionPurpose: Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.__utmz Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 6 months from set/update   Purpose: Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.__utmvProvider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 2 years from set/updatePurpose:  Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated _setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.__utmx Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 18 months   Purpose: Used to determine a user's inclusion in an experiment.__utmxx             Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: 18 months   Purpose: Used to determine the expiry of experiments a user has been included in._gaexp Provider:  Google AnalyticsExpiration: Depends on the length of the experiment but typically 90 days.Purpose: Used to determine a user's inclusion in an experiment and the expiry of experiments a user has been included in.3. MANAGING COOKIESIn order to ensure access to, rectification of, and the ability to withdraw consent at any time concerning your personal data you can always manage the use of cookies through your personal web browser’s settings. The web browser can be configured to either block all, accept/block some or accept all cookies.Should you choose to erase or block certain cookies, you will probably experience difficulties operating the Website. Blocking cookies impacts the ease and functionality of web browsing. For example, refusing all cookies will impede web transactions.Every web browser has its own configuration. For the most part, however, you can consult the “Preferences” or “Settings” menu in the top right hand corner to modify cookies options or go to “help”. For further information see the following links here below:Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=enFirefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-storedSafari: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=nl_NL&viewlocale=en_USInternet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookiesFor more details on cookies and how to change your browser settings, see: www.allaboutcookies.org.
×