http://www.twistarp.com/privacy/
Menu
home / privacy
Privacy
Glenn Harp & Sons, Inc. (dba Harps Tarps) maintains this website (the "Site") for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the website. You may download material displayed on the website for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report, or use the contents of the website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Harps Tarps' advance written permission.
Your access and use of the website is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement regarding this subject matter between you and Harps Tarps is superseded and of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
1. Everything you see or read on the website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions or in the text on the website, without advance written permission from Harps Tarps. Harps Tarps neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the website will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Harps Tarps.
2. While Harps Tarps uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the website, Harps Tarps makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Harps Tarps assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content on the website.
3. Your use and browsing of the website is at your risk. Neither Harps Tarps nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the website. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the website is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Harps Tarps also assumes no responsibility for, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the website or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the website.
4. When you view this website, we may store some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie". Cookies are used by many websites to give visitors access to certain functions. The information stored in the cookie can also be used to monitor a user's behavior on the website.
There are two types of cookies: the first saves a file for an extended period on your computer and is used to determine whether there has been any contact between us and your computer in the past. The second type is called a 'session cookie', and is stored temporarily in your computer's memory while you are visiting the website. Session cookies are not stored in your browser for an extended period, but are deleted when you close your browser.
The Harps Tarps Group uses cookies to gather visitor statistics and to record information about your preferences as you navigate through the websites. In this way, we hope to be able to better target relevant information to our visitors.
Unless particularly stated elsewhere, cookies are never used by the Harps Tarps Group with the aim to gather personal data.
If you do not accept the Harps Tarps Group's use of cookies on our website, it is possible for you to configure your browser to reject cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, this means that we cannot guarantee that all functions of our website will function as intended.
5. Any software that may be available to download from this website (the "Software") is the copyrighted work of Harps Tarps and/or its suppliers.
Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("License Agreement"). Unless otherwise follows from the License Agreement the Software is made available for downloading solely for use by end users. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the License Agreement may result in civil and criminal penalties.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED.
THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS WARRANTED IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT, THE HARPS TARPS GROUP HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
6. Any communication or material you transmit to the website by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used without restriction by Harps Tarps or its affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Harps Tarps is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication or material you send to the website for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products using such information.
7. Images of people or places displayed on the website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Harps Tarps. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the website. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
8. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the website, including those of Harps Tarps are the registered and unregistered Trademarks of Harps Tarps and others. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the website without the advance written permission of Harps Tarps or such other party which may own the Trademarks displayed on the website. The unauthorized use of the Trademarks displayed on the website, or any other content on the website, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Harps Tarps will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including criminal prosecution when and where appropriate.
9. The Harps Tarps products depicted on this website may be protected by and covered in one or more US and/or foreign patents. Specific product names and patent numbers listings can be requested from the company headquarters.
10. Harps Tarps has not reviewed all of the websites linked to this website and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other websites linked to the website. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other websites is at your own risk.
11. Although Harps Tarps may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on the website, Harps Tarps is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations or for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the website. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that may be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Harps Tarps will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Harps Tarps to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Privacy Policy
Harps Tarps Trucks, Inc. ("Harps Tarps") appreciates your interest in its products and services, and thanks you for your visit to its website (the Site"). Harps Tarps believes in making your visit to its website informative and secure, and attempts to provide you as much control as possible over your personal information.
Your visit to and use of the website is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. The Terms and Conditions also explain efforts by Harps Tarps to protect your personal information with a reasonable duty of care and in accordance with applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement regarding this subject matter between you and Harps Tarps is superseded and of no force or effect.
Harps Tarps Trucks, Inc does conduct research on a user's demographics, interests, and behaviors based upon information provided to us during use of our website(s), and we may combine your information with information collected from other individuals to produce anonymous, aggregated statistical information. Aggregated data does not include personally identifiable information. We use this demographic information, such as the percentage of male or female visitors, or the percentage of visitors within certain age brackets, to improve the content of our website. We also may share this anonymous, aggregated information, which does not identify personal identifiable information, with third-parties. This is effective as of January 1, 2020.
Terms and Conditions
1. If requested to provide personal information to Harps Tarps, you do so at your sole option. Any personal information you supply to Harps Tarps will be stored in a secure database and maintained in accordance with the laws of the country in which the website is managed.
2. If you provide Harps Tarps personal information in order to receive any type of information from Harps Tarps in return, including any vehicle brochures, Harps Tarps Shop catalogs, Harps Tarps Bulldog Basics merchandise, or other materials, Harps Tarps collects and stores that information. Such information enables Harps Tarps to fulfill your information request and to provide you with additional information about its website, its products and its services
Once you have provided personal information to Harps Tarps, you retain the opportunity to opt out of receiving further communications from Harps Tarps, to remove your information from its database, or to no longer receive any of its services, simply by selecting a Remove feature available in the communications from Harps Tarps.
When you make a purchase from www.harpstarps.com, we collect your name and payment method information, such as credit card information. We collect this information in order to bill you for your purchase. We also collect information that allows us to ship your order. This includes the name, address, and phone number of the intended recipient(s).
From time to time, we may conduct surveys and contests via this website. If you participate, we may collect your name, email address, mailing address and other personal information. We will never sell or rent such information to any third parties.
Information we collect on the website may be used to enhance your shopping experience in the following ways:
Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online.
Bill you for your purchases.
Confirm your orders.
Respond to your customer-service inquiries or requests.
Comply with valid legal procedures, requirements, regulations, or statutes.
We never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances. We will share personal customer information and/or purchase history only with our agents, representatives, service providers, and contractors for limited purposes, including but not limited to, fulfilling customer orders; offering certain products and services in connection with this website; communicating to customers; providing customer service; enhancing and improving customers' shopping experience; administering or facilitating surveys or contests; offering targeted marketing communications to users; enabling access to our partners' websites; providing a personalized shopping experience; and completing payment method processing.
The security of your personal information is very important to us. In our efforts to protect your online transactions, we use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If your browser is capable of SSL (and many are), your personal information will be automatically encrypted, or encoded, before it is sent over the Internet. If your browser is not capable of SSL, we recommend that you not send personal information over the Internet.
3. As you review or download information from the website, Harps Tarps tracks and tallies website visits in order to assist it, among other things, in providing you with tailored information and Harps Tarps with information about which websites are frequented. Harps Tarps does not sell or produce any of the information that you provide to any third party which is not its contractor and which has not entered into a confidentiality agreement with Harps Tarps, unless required by federal or state mandate.
4. This website may contain links to non Harps Tarps websites. Harps Tarps expressly disclaims all responsibility for the privacy practices or any such linked websites and all other non Harps Tarps websites.
Harps Tarps may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions of the Legal Notice or Privacy Policy by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound. The information provided at this website is not guaranteed as to its accuracy, veracity or otherwise, and may change with no prior notice to any user of the website. Harps Tarps hereby expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for its failure to provide any information to any user.
If you have any questions about this Legal Notice or Privacy Policy, please use our Contact Us form.