http://www.manulife.com/en/legal.html
Skip to main content
About
About
Our story
Year in review
Leadership
Sustainability
Corporate governance
Products
Canada
United States
Europe
Cambodia
China mainland
Hong Kong
Indonesia
Japan
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Taiwan
Thailand
Vietnam
News
Investors
Investors
Stock information
Results and reports
Ratings
Upcoming events
Past presentations
Shareholder services
Investor contacts
Annual Meeting
Careers
Why join us
For students
For alumni
Contact
Headquarters
For the media
For investors
Back
Are you looking for:
Manulife products
Manulife products
Job opportunities
Job opportunities
Our global sites
Our global sites
Legal
This Website is proprietary to Manulife Financial ("Manulife"). If you wish to access and use this Website (the "Site"), you must accept and agree to be bound by and comply with these terms (the "Terms"). If you do not agree to these Terms, then you must refrain from accessing or using the Site. All Terms will apply irrespective of the specific use made by Internet users of this Site.
Site content
The information contained on the pages of this Site is subject to modification and update from time to time without notice. Except for the Province of Québec, Manulife does not guarantee or ensure either the accuracy, completeness, currency or authenticity of any Site content, Site functionality, or your transmission of any Site content from the Site to you.
Certain aspects of the Site have been prepared by persons independent from Manulife. Other World Wide Web sites that may be accessed from this Site by hypertext links are entirely independent of the Site. The inclusion of any site acknowledgments, identification of any person or entity in the Site, or any hypertext link to another person or entity shall not, in any manner, be construed as an endorsement of such person's or entity's World Wide Web site, products, services, or contributions to the Site.
Other World Wide Web sites which may provide access to this Site by hypertext links are entirely independent of this Site. Any direction by a third party to this Site shall not, in any manner be construed as an endorsement by Manulife of such party’s World Wide Web site, products or services.
All images are all rights reserved, and you must request permission from the copyright owner to use this material.
Use of the site
The Site does not, and it is not intended to, provide any financial, insurance, legal, accounting, or tax advice, and shall not be relied upon by you in that regard.
Manulife's products and services are available only in jurisdictions where they may be lawfully offered for sale, and not all Manulife products and services are available in all geographic regions. All Manulife products and services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of any applicable agreements.
You agree that your use of the Site shall be on an "as is" basis entirely at your risk. Neither Manulife, nor any of its affiliated companies, nor any officer, director, or employee thereof, nor any other person associated with the creation of the Site or its contents, shall be liable or responsible to any person for any harm, loss or damage that may arise in any connection with your use of the Site, including without limitation any direct, indirect, special, third party, or consequential damages. Without limiting the foregoing, Manulife shall not be responsible for any detrimental reliance that you may place upon the Site or its contents whatsoever. This paragraph does not apply to residents of Quebec.
The Site shall not be used, or relied upon by you, as a substitute for your independent research or professional advice that is provided to you in direct consultation with a Manulife representative.
If you would like further information concerning Site contents or you wish permission to use, to reproduce, or to republish any Site contents, please email us.
Security
You acknowledge and confirm that the Internet is not a secure medium where privacy can be ensured, and that complete security and confidentiality over the Internet is not possible at this time. Your confidential use of the Site cannot be guaranteed and you acknowledge that your use of the Site (including information you transmit to the Site) may be subject to access by, or disclosure to, other persons. Without limiting any other disclaimer herein, Manulife shall not be responsible or liable for any harm that you or any other person may suffer in connection with any such breach of confidentiality or security.
Privacy
Information provided by you through our Site is used for Manulife business purposes only in order to service your needs as a customer.
Manulife may use "cookie" or related technology in order to track usage of the Site, and in order to improve our service to you.
Statement of Corporate Privacy Principles
Intellectual Property Notice
Names, phrases, logos, icons, graphics, images or designs used throughout the Site may be trade names, registered or unregistered trademarks or services marks ("Trademarks") of The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, its subsidiaries or affiliates. The display of Trademarks on this Site is not an implied license to any third party for use of the Trademarks.
Manulife, Manulife & Stylized M Design, and Stylized M Design are trademarks of The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and are used by it, and by its affiliates under license.
All information on this Site is protected under copyright laws. Except as provided on this Site, no one has permission to copy, redistribute, reproduce or republish any information found on this Site, which includes uploading or downloading without the prior written consent of Manulife.
Any retransmission or alteration of Trademarks or other form of unauthorized copying may be a violation of the law and such users may be subject to legal action.
Copyright©, 1996-2004, The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company. All rights reserved.
Copyright©, 1996-2004, John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.). All rights reserved.
i:contributionsTM is a registered trademark of John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
i:evaluatorTM is a registered trademark of John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
enduring promisesm is a servicemark of John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.)
Governing laws
The laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein shall govern as to the interpretation, validity and effect of this Agreement and any use of the Site. You hereby consent and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario in any action or proceeding instituted under or related to this Agreement or your use of the Site.
Group Benefits Card Disclaimer
All Plan conditions apply. Use of this card authorizes the following to collect, use and exchange information for purposes of plan administration, adjudication/investigation of claims, and patient safety: Manulife, its reinsurers and service providers, the Plan Member, and persons/entities with personal information about the Plan Member, spouse and dependents, including pharmacies and healthcare providers. This card is not transferable. Review our Privacy Policy at www.manulife.ca. Manulife and the Block Design are trademarks of The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company and are used by it, and its affiliates under license.
Information specific to Affinity Markets
All information in the Affinity Markets Web pages, including rates, is subject to change without notice. The products described are available and intended for distribution only in Canada. Manulife, its agents, employees, directors, officers and affiliated companies shall not be liable for any damages caused to any person as a consequence of the use of this Site. The use of this Site is entirely at your risk. Many terms used in this Site are defined terms in the certificate or policy of insurance in relation to Affinity Markets products. In all circumstances it is the terms of the actual certificate or policy of insurance which shall govern. Reference should be made to the actual terms of the certificate or policy of insurance, including any cancellation and refund policies. Any financial transaction done online will be processed by The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company, 250 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1E5. Premium will be charged on a monthly, semi-annual or annual basis (including provincial sales tax where applicable).
Information specific to Group Annuity Contracts
Group Annuity Contracts are issued by John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.).
The following publicly available information is available upon request:
National Association of Insurance Commissioners Statutory Annual Statement with Exhibits, General Interrogatories, and Schedule D, Part 1A, Sections 1 and 2 and Schedule S - Part 3E; Rating Agency Reports on the financial strength and claims-paying ability of the insurer; Risk adjusted capital ratio; Actuarial opinion of the insurer's Appointed Actuary certifying the adequacy of the insurer's reserves.
Information required by the State of California
For group annuity contracts and individual life insurance products:
Name of company authorized to do business in the state: John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A)
State of domicile: Michigan
Principle place of business: Boston, Massachusetts
California certificate of authority number: 5810
Information specific to the State of Massachusetts
The following companies are authorized to do business in Massachusetts:
John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) (statutory home office) 38500 Woodward Avenue Bloomfield Hills, Michigan 48304
(principal place of business) 601 Congress Street Boston, Massachusetts 02210
The Manulife Asset Management Disclaimer
You acknowledge that past performance is not an indicator of future returns and that references to performance on this Site are provided as historical benchmarks only.
You are responsible for ensuring that you are appropriately informed about any securities, taxation or other legislation or law that could affect your investment decisions.
QUICK LINKS
Results and reports
Legal
Results and reports
Shareholder services
Legal
Shareholder services
Career opportunities
Legal
Career opportunities
Past presentations
Legal
Past presentations
QUICK LINKS
Results and reports
Shareholder services
Career opportunities
Past presentations
Legal
Results and reports
Shareholder services
Career opportunities
Past presentations
Privacy policy
Legal
Real Estate
Investments
Accessibility
Manulife Re
Fraud prevention centre
© The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company
Global
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
YouTube
Manulife uses cookies to personalize your experience, analyze site traffic and serve targeted ads. Learn more about your privacy options.
View more
Manulife uses cookies to personalize your experience, analyze site traffic and serve targeted ads. Learn more about your privacy options.
View more
Confirm