http://www.treefarmsystem.org/privacy-statement
Skip navigation
About Us | E-Newsletter | ContactGet Started
Learn
Take Action
Attend
The Standards
Give
Innovative Projects
For Foresters
Privacy StatementHome ::
Share
Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementThis website is owned and
operated by the American Tree Farm System a program of the American Forest Foundation (AFF). Our intention is to
provide useful information about our Foundation and its programs. AFF is
committed to ensuring the privacy of our visitors' personal
information. Therefore, we will not sell or share any information
obtained about our visitors with third party organizations or
businesses, except to provide information requested by the visitor.ATFS/AFF
protects the confidentiality of its donors. We never sell information
about our contributors. We honor all requests by donors who wish to
remain anonymous, and except for donor acknowledgement, share
information about other contributors only and unless they expressly
require, request or approve that we do so. If you would like to review
personal information collected and request corrections, please contact
us at the American Forest Foundation, 2000 M Street, NW Suite 550, Washington, DC 20036.This website takes every precaution to
protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information
via the website, your information is protected both online and
off-line.When you place an order or offer a donation we will
need to know your name, email address, mailing address, phone number,
credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and
fulfill your order. This information is offered through a secure
Internet connection.If you use our Information Request form or
other email correspondence we may ask for your name, email address,
mailing address, and phone number. This allows us to process your
request and provide you with the most complete information via the
quickest method. Media contact information will be used to disseminate
news and information about AFF and its programs.From
time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys.
Participation in these surveys or via media contact forms is completely
voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose
information. Information requested may include contact information
(such as name, email or mailing address), and demographic information
(such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for
purposes of interpreting survey research results, monitoring or
improving the use and satisfaction of this site.This web site
contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, the American
Forest Foundation, is not responsible for the privacy practices of such
other sites. We encourage our website visitors to be aware when they
leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web
site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy
statement applies solely to information collected by this website.If
we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on
our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Get StartedLearn more about the meaning of ATFS certification and how to get started. Read MoreTools & ResourcesATFS provides the tools and information to help Tree Farmers and woodland owners keep forests healthy and productive.Learn moreTake ActionIt is time to take action for the health of your forest. The power of the American Tree Farm System comes from its people. Act now!SUBSCRIBE TO E-NEWSLETTERATFS is a program of the American Forest Foundation (AFF). Find out how we grow stewardship from the roots by signing up for AFF's weekly e-newsletter. SIGN UP NOW
About Us | In Your State | Get Started | Events | Our Publications | Tools & Resources | Facebook | Contact Us | Site Map | Mailing Policy
| Privacy Statement | American Forest Foundation2000 M Street, NW, Suite 550 | Washington, D.C. 20036 | © 2020 American Tree Farm System202-765-3660
Why Certification?
Five Steps to Certification
Request Information
Our Standards
Find Your State Program
About ATFS
Intro to the 2015-2020 Standards of SustainabilityAbout the Standards
Standard 1
Standard 2
Standard 3
Standard 4
Standard 5
Standard 6
Standard 7
Standard 8
ATFS HistoryHistory of ATFS
Your Legacy, Your Land
Taking a Look Back
Launching into the Future
Why Family Forest Owners Matter
Outstanding Tree Farmer of the Year - 2020
Celebrating Forest OwnersOutstanding Tree Farmers
Family Forest Owners
Share Your Story!
WebinarsCalendar
Webinar Archive
Webinar FAQ
Family Activities
Recognizing Service
Tips For Woodland Owners
Woodland ResourcesWebsite for Woodland Owners
The ATFS Addendum Tool
Review your Plan
Tree Farm State Contacts
Pests and Weeds
Pesticides
Saving Special Places
Management Plan Template
Wildlife
Forest Policy Priorities
Walk in Your WoodsPlanning for a Small Group
Planning for a Large Group
Suggested Schedule
Create a Management Plan
Map Your Land
Find Your State ProgramBuy a Sign
Request Information
Volunteer
Share Your Story
Become an Advocacy Leader
Calendar
WebinarsPast Webinars
2015 - 2020 StandardsFor Landowners
PEFC Endorsement
Transition Period
Transition FAQ
FORI Guidance
Standards Review ProcessFAQ & Timeline
ISRP Committee Members
Donate Online
Planned Giving
Monthly Giving
Donations by Mail
Landscape Management Plan
Customized Plan Summary
CertApp
Inspector's CornerInspection (004) Form
Inspector FAQ
Training & Resources
Webinars for Foresters
Recognitions
Network News Archive
Find Your State Program
ATFS National Staff
Forester Directory
Webinars for Foresters
ATFS Inspection App
Recognition for Landowners and Volunteers
ATFS CertificationWhat is Certification?
Is ATFS right for your clients?
Chain of Custody
Certification Standards
Documents
ATFS Verification Database
Network News Archive