https://www.kdm.co.uk/privacy/
01473 276 900
sales@kdm.co.uk
Facebook
Facebook
0 Items
MENUMENUHomeProducts
Manufactured Garden ProductsTimber TradingTreatment
LogisticsEnvironmentOur HistoryContact UsSearch
Search for:
View Garden Products Catalogue
Home » Legal Notice
Legal Notice
This Web Site has been compiled in good faith by KDM International Ltd solely for the purpose of providing information about KDM International Ltd and the services that we offer. Whilst every effort has been made to keep its content up to date. You should be aware that some information may be incomplete, inaccurate or out of date. You should therefore verify any information obtained from this Web Site before you act upon it by checking its accuracy with an authorised representative of KDM International Ltd.
The information contained in this Web Site is therefore provided without any warranty as to its completeness or accuracy or any other warranty, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to any implied warranties or implied terms of suitability, fitness for a particular purpose and all such implied terms and warranties are hereby excluded.
In exchange for providing you with free access to the material on this Web Site, you agree that KDM International Ltd will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of the information and material contained in this Web Site or from your access to other material on the Internet via Web links from this Site.
The information and material contained in this Web Site does not contain an offer to sell any securities and must not be relied on in connection with any investment decision.
All business undertaken by KDM International Ltd either direct or via this Web Site will be subject to KDM International Ltd’s Standard Terms and Conditions which are available on request by contacting KDM International Ltd. Nothing here alters or supersedes those Terms and Conditions.
The intellectual Property and copyright in the material contained in this Web Site belongs to KDM International Ltd. Any person may copy any part of the material, subject to the following conditions:-
1. The material may be used only for non commercial purposes
2. The copies must retain any copyright or other intellectual property notices contained in the original material; and
3. The products,
The above exclusions and limitation apply only to the extent permitted by English law.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy