http://www.imperialsteel.com/privacy-policy
Phone 204-786-8441
Toll Free 866-791-2179
ProductsAgricultureAutomotiveProcessManufacturing ProcessSustainabilitySpecial OffersAbout ImperialNewsOur HistoryOur VideosValue Added ServicesContact UsRequest an estimateStay Connected
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Policy on Privacy of Customer Personal Information
Imperial Steel Products Ltd. is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information obtained by reason of your customer relationship with us. This policy explains the types of customer personal information we collect, how it is used, and the steps we take to ensure your personal information is handled appropriately.
Our policies and practices have been designed to comply with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) and corresponding provincial privacy acts.
What is personal information?
Personal information is information that refers to an individual specifically and is recorded in any form. Personal information includes such things as name, email address, age, income, and date of birth. Information about individuals contained in the following documents is not considered personal information:
public telephone directories, where the subscriber can refuse to be listed;
professional and business directories available to the public;
certain public registries and court records;
certain other publicly available printed and electronic publications.
Our commitment to your privacy is governed by the following privacy principles:
1. We are accountable to you
Imperial Steel Products Ltd. is responsible for all personal information under its control, including any personal information that is transferred to third parties for processing, storage or other purposes. We have employees in each of our business units who are accountable for compliance with these privacy and security principles.
2. We limit collection of your personal information
Imperial Steel Products Ltd. collects only the information required to provide products and services and marketing endeavors to you. If the personal information we require is collected for a reason other than to provide products and services or marketing endeavors, your consent will be obtained before or at the time the information is collected. Imperial Steel Products Ltd. will collect personal information only by clear, fair and lawful means.
Examples of why we collect personal information include:
Communicating with you generally
Providing product and services requested by you
Recommending products and services that Imperial Steel Products Ltd. believes will be of interest and provide value to you
To comply with legal and governmental requirements
3. We limit use, disclosure and retention of your personal information
Imperial Steel Products Ltd. uses and discloses your personal information only for the purposes it was collected. Imperial Steel Products Ltd. does not sell or rent personal information to any organization or person for any reason.
We do not share your personal information with third party organizations except to offer you a product or service. If your personal information is shared with third parties, these third parties are bound by appropriate agreements with Imperial Steel Products Ltd. to secure and protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
Imperial Steel Products Ltd. retains your personal information only as long as it is required for our business relationship or as required by federal and provincial laws.
4. We provide access to your personal information stored by Imperial Steel Products Ltd.
You can request access to your personal information stored by Imperial Steel Products Ltd.. To contact us, refer to the How to contact us section below. Upon receiving such a request, Imperial Steel Products Ltd. will:
Inform you about what type of personal information we have on record or in our control, how it is used and to whom it may have been disclosed
Provide you with access to your information so you can review and verify the accuracy and completeness and request changes to the information
Make any necessary updates to your personal information.
5. We respond to your questions, concerns and complaints about privacy
Imperial Steel Products Ltd. responds in a timely manner to your questions, concerns and complaints about the privacy of your personal information and our privacy policies and procedures.
How to contact us
Imperial Steel Products Ltd. contact information is available on our Contact Us page.
Our Products
Stay Connected
blog
CONTACT US
901 Century Street
Winnipeg, Manitoba
Canada R3H 1E5
Where Quality is a Tradition!
Website managed by Release Media
Request an estimate
Phone 204-786-8441
Toll Free 866-791-2179
Copyright @ 2014 Imperial Steel Products Ltd.
Privacy Policy