http://www.efeedlink.com/statement/terms-of-use.html
Market DataSpoutINFO
PublicationLivestock & Feed Business
Technical ForumCampaign & Library
EventsReview & Upcoming
SubscribeeNewsletter
Login
Terms of Use
This Agreement is between User and eFeedLink Pte Ltd, a company incorporated in Singapore with the registered address at 10 Ubi Crescent, #05-88, Ubi Techpark, Singapore 408564.
The eFeedLink Website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the eFeedLink Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
We reserve the right to amend this agreement at our discretion and you are responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions and additional terms posted on this Website. Your continued use of the services provided by this Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
1. Privacy and Protection of Privacy
Privacy Statement for disclosures relating to the collection and use of your information.
2. Scope of Services
2.1 Our services are available only to individuals and entities who can form legally binding contracts under the applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, our services are not available to minors. If you do not qualify, you shall not use the services provided in this Website.
2.2 eFeedLink Pte Ltd. may terminate this agreement at any time without notice for any reason and may immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend or terminate your use of the services of this Website and any other information you place on this Website if you peach this Agreement.
3. Users Obligations
3.1 You are responsible for paying all applicable taxes and for all hardware, software, service and other costs you incur to buy or sell under this Agreement.
3.2 You may not use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this site. You may not take any action, which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. You may not disclose or share your password with any third parties or use your password for any unauthorized purpose. Your Information may not contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
3.3 You shall comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinance and regulations regarding your use of our service.
4. User Submissions
Your information includes any information you provide to us or other users during the use of our services, in any public message area or through any e-mail feature ("Your Information"). You are solely responsible for Your Information, and we act as a passive conduit for your online distribution and publication of Your Information. Your Information:
(a) shall not be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items;
(b) shall not infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
(c) shall not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
(d) shall not be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing;
(e) shall not be politically sensitive information, including but not limited to information that damages State interests or discloses State secrets;
(f) shall not be obscene or contain child pornography. Any information, including but not limited to remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other submissions, communicated to eFeedLink or its affiliates through this site is not confidential. eFeedLink or its affiliates shall be entitled to reproduce, distribute or use any such information submitted for any purpose without compensation to the person sending the submission. The user acknowledges the originality of any submission communicated to eFeedLink or its affiliates and accepts responsibility for its accuracy, appropriateness and legality.
5. Protocol and Regulations of Technical Forum Usage
5.1 Please post your comments in a professional and polite manner. If a comment is deemed as inappropriate, eFeedLink reserves the right to remove the post without assigning any reason.
5.1.1 Do not put others down or using offensive language in your comment. This includes any and all words that can cause embarrassment, unwanted attention or creating discomfort to others.
5.1.2 No flaming of other members or companies. Personal attack is not allowed although constructive criticism, with intention to enhance the level of discussion, is permitted.
5.1.3 Any user that unduly harasses another user by what appears to be constant attacks and baiting will be banned from making any further comment on this website.
5.2 Swearing and vulgarities are not allowed in comments. If the rule is violated, your comment will be removed immediately. Repeated offense will result in suspension from the use of our website.
5.3 Posting privileges may be revoked if users are found impersonating others to make derogatory comments.
5.4 Do not post copyrighted information without prior consent of eFeedLink or the authors of the Technical Papers. Users will be held solely responsible for posting copyrighted information and eFeedLink is not responsible for posted information that may violate copyright law. Copyrighted posts will be removed as soon as eFeedLink is aware of it.
5.5 eFeedLink is not responsible for the privacy practices of any user. Any personal information released by users is at their own risk.
5.6 Comments that promote or advertise (but not limited to) websites, businesses, products et cetera will be removed immediately. Repeated offense will result in suspension from the use of our website.
5.7 eFeedLink does not endorse or support any of the views or opinions discussed on the Technical Forum. The views and opinions of its users do not reflect those of eFeedLink. Similarly, reference to any products or companies does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or any affiliation therewith, by eFeedLink.
5.8 Users who find inappropriate content can contact us immediately by emailing to techforum@efeedlink.com.
6. Refund Policy
You shall have no right to any refund for payment made for any service once this service has been activated. However, in instances where the customer feels that a refund is justified, a written request for refund is to be submitted, bearing the following details:
- transaction identification number- reasons for cancellation or refund
All requests submitted are subject to approval on a case-by-case basis.
7. Copyright
The entire contents of this site are copyrighted under the laws of Singapore and protected by worldwide copyright law and treaty or arrangement provisions. Copyright rights in such contents and the software provided and any and all trademarks owned by, or used in connection with the business of eFeedLink Pte Ltd., and other terms used throughout this Website from time to time are trademarks owned exclusively by, and the designs, photographs, text and compositions featured in the Website are the exclusively copyrighted property of eFeedLink Pte Ltd. Other product names contained in the Website may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners. Images of people or places in this Website are either the property of or used with permission by eFeedLink Pte Ltd. The use or misuse of those images except as expressly authorized is prohibited. Materials from this Website may not be copied, distributed or transmitted in any way without the prior written consent of eFeedLink Pte Ltd.
8. Disclaimers
8.1 eFeedLink Pte Ltd. is not responsible for technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions. Under no circumstances shall eFeedLink Pte Ltd. or its affiliates be liable for any damages or injury that result from the use of the materials on this site.
8.2 eFeedLink Pte Ltd. may provide links to other sites that are not maintained by eFeedLink Pte Ltd. eFeedLink Pte Ltd. does not endorse those sites and is not responsible for the content of such other sites.
8.3 While the material contained in this Website has been checked for accuracy, all material is provided without any express or implied warranties. We cannot and do not guarantee continuous uninterrupted or secure access to our services, and operation of our Website may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. Neither eFeedLink Pte Ltd. nor its affiliates assume responsibility for any errors or omissions in the material. In no event shall eFeedLink Pte Ltd. or its affiliates be liable for any special, direct, indirect or consequential damages resulting from any use or performance of or content errors or omissions in the material, even if notified in advance of the potential for such damages. All users of the material agree that access to and use of the material is subject to the terms and conditions stated in this legal notice, as well as all applicable laws, and such access and use is at the user's own risk. These terms and conditions are subject to change from time to time without notice by updating or revising this legal notice.
8.4 WE PROVIDE THE EFEEDLINK PTE LTD WEBSITE AND OUR SERVICES -"AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS.
8.5 IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.
9. Indemnity
Because we do not and cannot be involved in user-to-user dealings, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more users, you release eFeedLink Pte Ltd. and any of its affiliates from claims, demands and damages of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.
10. Miscellaneous
10.1 You and eFeedLink Pte Ltd. are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
10.2 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Singapore. All parties submit to jurisdiction in Singapore and further agree that any cause of action arising under this Agreement shall be pought exclusively in a court in Singapore. If any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. eFeedLink Pte Ltd. can revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating this posting.
©2020, eFeedLink. All rights reserved.
eFeedLink Pte Ltd. and its affiliates enforce their intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. If you have any questions concerning the legal notices stated above, you may contact eFeedLink Pte Ltd. at feedback@efeedlink.com
Video >
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Technical Paper >
Main causes of changes in liver coloration in poultry
Tuesday, October 27, 2020
In many poultry markets around the world where chicken viscera are commonly sold in supermarkets, the appearance of the liver is very important for marketing purposes. Customers ha ...
Fungisorb - complex sorbent neutralizer of toxins
Tuesday, October 27, 2020
To prevent the development of mycotoxicosis in animals, it is advisable to use mycotoxin binders. Russian manufacturer "Sibbiopharm" Ltd. offers a complex mineral-organic mycotoxin ...
Leaky gut and mycotoxins aflatoxin B1 does not increase gut permeability in broiler chickens
Tuesday, October 27, 2020
Previous studies conducted in our laboratory have demonstrated that intestinal barrier function can be adversely affected by diet ingredients or feed restriction, resulting in incr ...
Follow Us
About Us
Company Profile
Our Team
Our Products & Services
Subscription
eNewsletter
Inquiry
Contact Us
Advertise With Us
Partner With Us
We use cookies to understand how you use our website and to improve your browsing experience.This includes personalizing content and advertising. By continuing to use our website, you accept our use of cookies, updated Privacy Statement and Terms of Use.Copyright ©2001 - 2020 eFeedLink. All rights reserved.