http://www.bambo.com/en/privacy
Skin-friendly Baby Diapers
Bambo Nature skin-friendly baby diapers are the perfect fit for your newborn baby, toddler, and world-exploring pre-schooler. Soft, comfortable, easy to use, and always leakage-free. Tested on real families for more than 40 years, our diapers and baby care products are designed to protect, comfort, and perform. So you can focus on all the fun things you want to do with the time you have with your little one.
Explore here
Flag_DK_RGB
Bambo Nature diapers follow our Nordic way of life, where function and form align with a natural respect for each other and the environment. Using only high-quality materials, the Danish brand Bambo Nature is skin- and eco-friendly with a perfect fit and high absorbency. The Nordic Swan Ecolabel and Asthma Allergy Nordic label are proof of our commitment to producing a diaper with no added parabens, perfume, color or other unsafe preservatives. Naturally for you and your baby.
NEW RANGE
Welcome to Bambo Nature Skin Care
With our eco-friendly child care products, you will have everything you need to take care of your child - at home or on the go. Keep your child happy and healthy with the new range of Bambo Nature skin care products.
All the Bambo Nature skin care products are vegan, dermatologically tested and contain no perfume or color.
Explore here
Bambo Nature Bath Oil
Bambo Nature Bath Oil with mild, natural, certified organic oils is our classic baby bath time favorite.
View more
Bambo Nature Soothing Cream
Bambo Nature Soothing Cream helps soothe and shield your baby’s dry or sensitive skin areas.
View more
Bambo Nature Body Lotion
Bambo Nature Body Lotion is perfect for daily application to keep your baby’s skin smooth and soft.
View more
Bambo Nature Baby Hair & Body Wash
Bambo Nature Hair & Body Wash for baby and the rest of the family is tear-free, skin-friendly and certified organic.
View more
All Skin Care
Because we care
Find out more about the eco-labels and credentials our products have earned, and what it means for you and your family.
#nordicparenting #skinfriendly #ecofriendly
Find out why Bambo Nature has been parents’ and babies’ favorite for more than 40 years.
Nature First
For more than 40 years now, Bambo Nature has been committed to producing high-quality baby and child care products, while at the same time leaving a cleaner Earth for future generations.
Why choose eco-friendly?
What makes Bambo Nature the best eco-friendly diapers in the world?
Skin-friendly care for your baby
What should you look for when buying baby products?
Explore our top tips here
The only additive needed is love
All Bambo Nature child care products are made from the highest quality ingredients and have undergone the strictest certification processes available. No perfume or color have been added. To guarantee your child’s safety.
Explore Bambo Nature