http://www.christmasdesigners.com/terms-conditions
Christmas Designers
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
Search Search
Account Wish List
Sign InSign Up
Skip to Content
Blog
About Us
Online Catalog
Contact Us
(800) 391-5280
Compare Products
Christmas Designers
Menu
Christmas Lights
LED Christmas Lights
LED Retrofit/Replacement Bulbs
C7/C9 Bulk Empty Socket Light Line
Twinkly & RGB Christmas Lights
Incandescent Replacement Bulbs
Incandescent Christmas LightsTrees
Commercial Christmas Trees
Christmas Tree Ornament Packages
Majestic Slimline Christmas Tower Tree
Ice Sculpture Christmas Tree
Commercial Christmas Tree of Lights
Fairybell Christmas Tree
LED Light Show Christmas Tree
Indoor Artificial Christmas Trees
Spiral Christmas TreeDecorations
Christmas Wreaths
Garland and Sprays
Dimensional Displays
Christmas Bows
Moravian Stars
Foldable LED 3D Spheres
Christmas Ornaments
Fiberglass Displays
Laser Lights
Foldable 3D Stars
LED Spheres
LED SnowflakesCommercial Décor
Christmas Wreaths
Garlands & Sprays
Christmas Trees
Dimensional Displays
Fiberglass Displays
Commercial Christmas Ornaments
Commercial Christmas Bows
Foldable LED Spheres
Commercial LED Snowflakes
Christmas Silhouette
Pole Mounted Decorations
Christmas Sign EnhancersEssentials
Clips and Attachment Accessories
Electrical Supplies & Timers
Hardware and Accessories
Starting a Christmas Light Business - Pro Secrets BookPatio Lights
Patio Lighting
Event and Wedding Lights
Outdoor LED String LightsSales
Flash Sale
LED Christmas Lights
Incandescent Christmas Lights
Christmas Trees
Empty Socket Light Line
Ornaments
Wreath, Garlands and Sprays
Displays
Christmas Decorations
Accessories
RGB Lighting
LED Laser Lights
The #1 Choice for Pros and Christmas Enthusiasts
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
How to place an Order
Christmas Designers website is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Orders can be placed at any time. For assistance with your order or product information, our knowledgeable sales team is available during business hours via instant chat, email or the phone.
Unfortunately, we are not setup to take orders in person at our Sherman, TX location. We do allow product pickups at this location, but orders must be placed online or over the phone at least 4 hours prior to picking up the products.
We do not offer product pickups at our Riviera Beach or Pompano Beach locations. These locations are for our installation services only and do not stock products.
For more information on picking your order up in person, please review the Customer Pickup section HERE
Early Buy Orders
Christmas Designers offers special pricing for customers and wholesale accounts that want to place an order prior to the product arriving at our facility. In order to secure an early buy order, a deposit is required. Deposits on Early Buy orders are non-refundable if the order is canceled. Minimum purchase for Early Buy orders is $1,500.
For Early Buy orders that consist of products that are imported into the country, any additional tariffs imposed by a government agency, that are applied to the product prior to it arriving in the United States, will require the customer to pay additional to cover the cost of the extra tariff.
Payments
We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PayPal, business checks and wire transfers. For non-government checks, we will not be able to ship the product until the funds clear our bank. For international transactions, payment must be made via a wire transfer or PayPal. Credit cards are charged at the time the order is placed.
Order Verification
All orders placed with Christmas Designers are subject to a verification process for order accuracy and authorized valid payment. For security reasons, we may contact you via email or phone requesting additional information to validate your order. Failure to respond to our phone call or email will prevent us from processing your order.
Christmas Designers does employ the use of third-party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties as stated in our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including, but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order as well as for suspected fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction.
If your selected payment method is PayPal, we will ship your order to a PayPal confirmed address only. A PayPal confirmed address is an address that has been reviewed by PayPal and found to be safe based on information related to the address. For example, a credit card billing address is confirmed because PayPal can check that the address is the same as the address on file at the credit card company.
Order Confirmation
Once checkout is complete, an order confirmation page will appear with your order and checkout information. You will also receive an order confirmation via email. If you placed your order over the phone, you will still receive an emailed order confirmation. Please note that an email address is required for all orders. This allows us to properly process and track your order.
We do not share your email address with 3rd parties except when necessary to verify payment information with our merchant account service providers. Click HERE to see our privacy policy.
Order Acceptance
Any order confirmation (via electronic communication or paper) given to you by Christmas Designers does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of an offer to sell. Christmas Designers reserves the right to decline and cancel an order or supply less than the quantity ordered. Christmas Designers may also, at its own discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order.
Order Processing Time
We make every effort to process your order as quickly as possible. Orders placed through our website are processed through a fully automated system and will generally ship out within 1 business day. Phone orders must be manually created and can take up to 2 business days to process and ship.
Freight shipments may require longer processing times depending on the size of the order and the complexity of the product being shipped. Decorated and custom lit décor may take up to 10 days to process and ship out. Please contact our Customer Success Department for current shipping times if you are ordering a custom lit or hand decorated product.
Out of Stock Items
While we do our best to accurately reflect our stock quantities on the website, occasionally an item is sold that is no longer in stock. We will contact you via email or over the phone to offer a substitute product. If you prefer not to accept the substitute, or no substitute is available, we will offer a full refund for the item(s).
In the event that we are unable to reach you within 24 hours of your order, we will use our best judgment to accommodate your order with either a substitution or ship your order without the out of stock item(s).
Order Changes and Cancellation
We understand that sometimes it’s necessary to make a change to your order. Once an order is placed, we must be contacted within 30 minutes in order to make a change to the order. To ensure that your order is changed within the 30 minute timeframe, please call our Customer Success team at 800-391-5280.
Free Shipping
Christmas Designers frequently offers free shipping on orders over $95. To qualify for free shipping, the order subtotal, (before taxes and after any discounts have been applied) must equal $95 or more. Some items are excluded from the free shipping offer. These items will be notated on our website with the verbiage “Excluded from Free Shipping”.
Free shipping orders are shipped via Standard Ground. Alaska and Hawaii are excluded from the free shipping offer. Wholesale orders do not qualify for free shipping.
Standard Shipping Information
The map above indicates the average shipping time frame for ground orders that are shipped with UPS. Please note that Christmas Designers also uses FedEx and USPS as well as other delivery providers. Expedited shipping is available for most products at an additional cost. Transit days do not include the day the order leaves the warehouse. For example, if you are in a 3-day shipping zone and the item ships on Monday, Day 1 would be Tuesday, with the product arriving on Thursday. For Ground shipping, carriers do not pick up packages on Saturdays and Sundays.
Once a package leaves our facility, we no longer have control over the shipment. It is up to the carrier to handle the package(s) safely and get the shipment to you in a timely manner. Tracking information will be emailed to you once your order is processed through the warehouse. You will be able to track your package online once it is scanned by the carrier.
Please note that most of our shipping carriers will not deliver to a PO Box. Only USPS will deliver to these addresses. USPS shipping for medium and large packages may require additional shipping charges. In order to receive any free shipping offers that Christmas Designers is offering, we do require a physical address and cannot offer free shipping to PO Boxes via USPS. For additional assistance shipping to a PO Box, please contact our Customer Success Department.
Express Shipping
We understand that when the holidays are fast approaching, it’s important for you to receive your purchase as quickly as possible. Express orders placed by 1:00 pm CST, typically ship out the same business day if all items are in stock.
Express shipments are picked up by the carrier Monday through Friday from October 1 to December 15. For the rest of the year, Express shipments are picked up Monday through Friday.
Decorated and custom lit décor may take up to 10 days to process and ship out. Selecting an Express shipping option will not decrease the amount of time it takes to process these types of orders. It will only speed up the shipping timeframe.
Express Shipping Options
Please note, the day a shipment is picked up at our facility does not count as one of the transit days.
Three Day Shipping: Delivered by the end of the third full business day. If a shipment leaves on Monday, it will be delivered by the end of the day on Thursday. Three Day Shipping is not considered a “guaranteed” delivery option and the carrier will not refund the shipping cost if the shipment does not arrive within the 3 Day time period.
Two Day Shipping: Delivered by the end of the second full business day. If a shipment leaves on Monday, it will be delivered by the end of the day on Wednesday.
Next Day Air Saver: Delivered by 3:00 pm the next business day for commercial addresses, or by the end of the day for residential shipping addresses. If a shipment leaves on Monday, it will be delivered by either 3:00 pm the next day or the end of the day, depending on if the delivery address is residential or commercial. Next Day Air Saver only delivers Monday thru Friday.
Next Day Air: Delivered by 10:30 am for most destinations, but some areas may be as late as 12:00 pm. If a shipment leaves on Monday, it will be delivered by 10:30 am or 12:00 pm. Next Day Air only delivers Monday thru Friday.
Next Day Air Saturday Delivery: Same delivery times as Next Day Air, but can be delivered on Saturdays. Saturday Delivery is not available in all areas.
Next Day Early AM: Delivered by 8:00 am to all major cities in the Continental 48 states. Delivered by 8:30 – 9:30 am to most other U.S. cities, including Anchorage, Alaska. Delivered by 10:00 am to remote U.S. cities.
United States Postal Service (USPS)
If the destination address is a PO Box or an APO/FPO, your order will ship via USPS. We will provide tracking information via email after your order has shipped. Items delivered to a PO Box or an APO/FPO will be delivered in approximately 7 to 10 business days. Not all items can be shipped via USPS. Some items that are shipped via USPS may be subject to an additional shipping charge and may not be eligible for free shipping offers.
International Shipping
Christmas Designers offers international shipping on orders over $2500. Transit times will vary by destination and processing time is generally 2 to 3 business days.
Please be aware that all customs, duties, taxes, surcharges, brokerages, etc., are the responsibility of the customer. When delivery is attempted, you may be billed for these fees, depending on the rules in your country. These fees are independent of shipping charges and are charged by your local mail authority or government entity. Christmas Designers has no control over these charges. Please review your country's import rules and regulations prior to ordering. We are unable to designate orders as "Gifts", “Free”, or otherwise on Customs Declaration Forms. We use the actual purchased price of the product as the value entered on Customs documentation. Orders to some countries can only be sent via United States Postal Service.
If you refuse a package at Customs, Customs will either destroy it or send it back to us. If the shipment is destroyed by Customs, your order will not be eligible for a refund. If the shipment is returned undamaged, the order will be eligible for refund after deducting the cost of shipping in both directions and 10% to cover the cost of international order processing.
International orders must be paid via PayPal or a wire transfer. Checks and credit cards from non-U.S. banks cannot be used to pay for purchases.
Customer Pick-Ups
Christmas Designers offers you the ability to pick up your order at our Sherman, TX facility, located at 215 W Park Ave, Sherman, TX 75090. Customer Pickup is located on the Southeast side of our facility.
Your order must be placed online at least 4 hours prior to picking up. Arriving before the end of the 4 hour order processing window will not help your order be processed any faster. Unfortunately, we are unable to take orders in person at our distribution facility. This facility is only for order shipping and order pickups. Customer pickup times from October 1st to December 15th is Monday to Friday, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm. Pickups may be available on Saturdays, but please call to verify. Customer pickups from December 16th to September 30th are Monday to Friday, 9:00 am to 3:30 pm.
Our Pompano Beach and Riviera Beach locations handle our installation services division of the company and do not stock products for pickup or shipping. All stocked products are shipped from our Sherman, TX location.
Drop Shipments
On occasion, Christmas Designers uses outside vendors for product that we may be sold out of or do not stock. These vendors will drop ship from their location, directly to your shipping address. If you are ordering items that we stock as well as items that are provided by a drop shipper, you will receive the order in separate shipments and may not arrive at the same time.
Damaged or Lost Shipments
All Packages are inspected for damage before they ship from our warehouse. If your package has been damaged in transit, please contact our Customer Success team immediately. We must be informed of all shipping related claims within 48 hours after the package was received. Shipping Claims are handled directly by Christmas Designers on your behalf. To help us speed up the process of resolving your claim, please provide pictures of the damaged packaging, shipping label and products.
Should your package be deemed Lost in Transit, please contact Customer Success team immediately so we may assist you in arranging for replacement product or a refund.
Please allow 2 to 10 business days for the investigation and processing of claims for lost and damaged parcel shipments. For freight shipments, this process can take up to 4 weeks.
Delivery Attempts
Typically, packages will be left at your door and do not require a signature. Some orders are drop shipped directly from a vendor, and those vendors may require a signature on their shipments. If you would like signatures to be required when orders are delivered to you, please contact the customer success team before placing your order. If the customer success team is contacted after the order is placed, they will not be able to fulfill the request.
Orders with Signature Confirmation: The shipping courier will make two attempts to deliver your merchandise. If the package is deemed undeliverable after the third attempt, the product will be returned to our warehouse. You will be credited for the price of the merchandise minus all shipping charges incurred. All credits will be refunded via the original payment method.
Refused Deliveries
If you refuse delivery, a credit will be issued for the price of the merchandise minus all shipping charges incurred. All credits will be refunded via the original form of payment.
Pricing
Christmas Designers makes every effort to ensure accurate pricing on our website and printed materials. However, if a pricing error does occur, Christmas Designers reserves the right to cancel the order for an item that was priced incorrectly. This includes orders that have been confirmed and charged. If a pricing error has occurred, a team member will contact you to discuss the issue.
Prices listed on our website and other marketing materials are subject to change at any time without notice.
Price Protection
If the price for an item that you ordered goes on sales within 24 hours of the item being ordered, Christmas Designers will issue a store credit for the difference if requested by the customer. The request must be made within 24 hours of the original purchase in order to qualify for the credit. Price protection is not offered for Black Friday, Thanksgiving Weekend and Cyber Monday sales.
Sales Tax
If the shipping address is in a taxable state, we are required by state and county tax laws in which the order is being shipped to charge sales tax, unless you are a licensed reseller or have other non-profit or tax-exempt status AND provide a valid Seller’s permit or Tax exempt ID number. Please note that we must have a copy of the actual document on file. We cannot process your order until the proper paperwork has been filed with our office. Once you have submitted a permit or tax exempt number, we will keep it on file with your account and ask that your status be renewed or updated if your information changes or upon future requests. If your shipping address is outside the United States, you are responsible for paying any import taxes, tariffs, or duty fees due.
Store Credits
Store credits are valid for 3 years and can be used on any product that Christmas Designers sells. Store credits are only valid for products sold on ChristmasDesigners.com.
Return Information
Return Policy
Christmas Designers wants you to be completely satisfied with your purchase. If you are not satisfied for any reason, you may return your unused product, in the original packaging within 30 days of the original date of purchase. Please review the guidelines below for complete details of our return policy as well as what products are unable to be returned.
All returns or exchanges must be pre-approved by Christmas Designers. A Return Authorization Number (RA#) must be issued and clearly indicated on the outer packaging of the returned product, along with the customer’s return address. Once an RA# is assigned, it is valid for 15 days and will expire on the 16th day after the date of issuance, at which time any returned products will be refused.
After requesting a return, you will be supplied with one UPS label for each box you are shipping back. One label should be taped to the top of each box. The packages can then be dropped off at your local UPS Store.
Returns and exchanges are subject to the conditions below:
• Products must be shipped back to us no later than 30 days from the original date your order was placed. The shipment must be scanned by the return shipping carrier prior to the 30-day deadline.
• Returned items must be in new condition and in the original packaging.
• Return process must be completed via our website or over the phone with the assistance of a Customer Success team member. For detailed return instructions, please review the section under How to Return Merchandise.
• Returns without a valid RA# will not be accepted.
• If you are returning an item for a refund, the return shipping cost will be deducted from your refund amount.
• If you are returning an item for an exchange or store credit, Christmas Designers will cover 100% of the return shipping cost as long as our shipping label is used. Shipping cost for oversized items (all pallets and single packages over 6 cubic feet in size), is the responsibility of the customer. If an exchange order does not exceed the free shipping threshold of $95, the customer will need to cover the shipping cost.
For orders over $1,500, only an exchange or store credit is offered. Please request samples prior to placing a larger order to ensure the product meets your needs.
Dealer/Pro Installer purchases cannot be returned for a refund or store credit. Exchanges are allowed as long as the product is in new, unused condition and in the original packaging. Return shipping cost is the responsibility of the wholesale customer.
Items Not Eligible for Return: Although we have a very flexible return policy on most of the items we sell, there are some exceptions. The following items may not be returned under any circumstances:
• Commercial tower trees
• Commercial dimensional displays
• Custom lit wreaths, garlands and sprays
• Custom ordered products
• Hand decorated wreaths and garlands
• Fiberglass displays
How to Return Merchandise
To initiate a return, the easiest way is via our website. But if you prefer to talk to a Customer Success team member, please call 800-391-5280.
To process a return online, follow the steps below:
To begin your return processing, click HERE.
Login to your account or sign in as a guest with your order number and email address.
If logging into your account, click on “My Returns” and then “Create New Return”. If logging in as a guest, the order you are requesting to return will automatically come up.
Fill out the information on the return form and click submit.
A Customer Success team member will process your request within 48 business hours. If approved, you will receive a UPS shipping label.
Box up your product(s), tape the shipping label to the top of the box and drop the package off at the nearest UPS store.
Once we receive your package, please allow 5 to 10 days for us to inspect, approve and process the return.
A return authorization is only valid for 15 days after being issued or 30 days after the original purchase of the product(s), whichever comes first. Returned merchandise must be scanned by the returning shipping carrier no more than 30 days after the date of original purchase.
Returned merchandise must be in new, unused condition and in the original packaging. All original paperwork, instructions and accessories must be included. All original labels must still be attached to the product. Incomplete returns will receive a reduced credit reflecting any missing accessories, packaging or literature.
Warranty Replacements
For warranty related questions and warranty replacements, please contact our Customer Success team at 800-391-5280 or email customer_success@christmasdesigners.com.
Product returns within the warranty period must first be approved by Christmas Designers. Once the warranty return has been shipped back, it will be inspected to determine if it falls under the warranty coverage. The product will then be repaired or replaced at Christmas Designers discretion. A refund is not offered for warranty returns. In the event that an item cannot be repaired or replaced, then a product credit will be offered that can be used for future purchases.
If the product was purchased within the last 90 days, Christmas Designers will issue a UPS return label. If the product was purchased more than 90 days prior, the customer must cover shipping costs.
Christmas Designers warranties only cover product repair, or replacement, and does not cover any labor or other expenses involved with the installation, service or removal of items purchased from us.
Christmas Designers warranties do not cover products that have been subject to accident, neglect, abuse, misuse, Acts of God, or used for something other than their intended purpose.
For more information on individual product warranties, please click HERE to view our product warranty page.
Defective Items
If you receive an item that is considered defective and non-operational or unusable due to a failure with the product, please contact our Customer Success team within 48 hours of receiving the item so we may arrange for return shipping and a replacement item. Replacement products will be shipped free of charge via standard ground shipping. Expedited shipping may be available, but will need to be paid for by the customer.
Items that are deemed defective after use are subject to the terms of our Warranty Coverage. For more details on specific product warranties, please click HERE.
Less Exciting Fine Print That Might Be Helpful
For our customers that really want to dig into the fine print, the information below should be helpful. This info should be used in conjunction with the details outlined previously in our terms and conditions.
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the http://www.christmasdesigners.com website (the "Service") operated by Christmas Designers ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any product or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"), you may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your Purchase including, without limitation, your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card, your billing address, and your shipping information.
The service may employ the use of third-party services for the purpose of facilitating payment and the completion of Purchases. By submitting your information, you grant us the right to provide the information to these third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order at any time for reasons including but not limited to: product or service availability, errors in the description or price of the product or service, error in your order or other reasons.
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud or an unauthorized or illegal transaction is suspected.
Availability, Errors and Inaccuracies
We are constantly updating product and service offerings on the Service. We may experience delays in updating information on the Service and in our advertising on other web sites. The information found on the Service may contain errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Products or services may be mispriced, described inaccurately, or unavailable on the Service and we cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information found on the Service.
We therefore reserve the right to change or update information and to correct errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time without prior notice.
Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions
Any contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") made available through the Service may be governed by rules that are separate from these Terms Conditions. If you participate in any Promotions, please review the applicable rules as well as our Privacy Policy. If the rules for a Promotion conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the Promotion rules will apply.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in our sole discretion.
Copyright Policy
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Christmas Designers or its content suppliers and protected by international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Christmas Designers, with copyright authorship for this collection by Christmas Designers, and protected by international copyright laws.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Christmas Designers and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Christmas Designers.
Reviews, Comments, Emails, and Other Content
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content: and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Christmas Designers reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Christmas Designers and its associates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Christmas Designers and its associates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post: that the content is accurate: that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity: and that you will indemnify Christmas Designers or its associates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Christmas Designers has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Christmas Designers takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Christmas Designers
Christmas Designers has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Christmas Designers shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Christmas Designers and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password, or b) a breach of these Terms.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Christmas Designers, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Christmas Designers its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Florida, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is made to our Terms and Conditions, we will post the revision on our website under the Terms and Conditions link at the bottom of the website. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
About Christmas Designers
About Us
Blog
Support & Info
Contact Us
Login/Register
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Returns
Warranty
Catalog Download
LED Christmas Lights
Commercial Christmas Decorations
Contact Info
Location 215 W. Park Ave Sherman, TX 75090
Operating Hours Mon - Fri 8am-4pm CST, by appointment only
Toll Free (800) 391-5280
Fax (800) 667-2619
Int'l +1 (903) 328-6023
info@christmasdesigners.com
Wholesale accounts do not qualifty for free shipping.
Copyright © 2019 Christmas Designers. All rights reserved.