http://www.lalunecollection.com/terms/privacy.html
Main Menu
Search
Our Company
About La Lune
Reviews
Factory Tour
Eco-Friendly
Commercial Installations
Press & Awards
Community & Events
"La Blog"
Contact Us
Collection
Seating
Side Chairs and Arm Chairs
Club Chairs and Ottomans
Sofas, Loveseats and Sectionals
Barstools and Counter Stools
Settees and Benches
Chaises
Rocking Chairs
Porch Swings
View All Seating
Cabinetry
Chest and Nightstands
Armoires
Buffets
Hutches, Secretaries, and Bookcases
Desks
Bathroom Vanities
View All Cabinetry
Tables
Dining Tables
Coffee Tables
Side Tables and Pedestals
Console Tables
Bistro Tables
Desks
View All Tables
Beds
Beds, Daybeds, and Trundle Beds
Bunk Beds
Canopy Beds
Headboards
Dog Beds
Hanging Beds
View All Beds
Accessories
Screens
Mirrors
Pedestals
Dog Beds
Other
View All Accessories
Wood Finishes
Fabrics
Leathers
Designer Sketchbook
For the Trade
For the Trade Registration
To Place Your Order
Designer Showrooms
Custom Orders and Contract Pricing
Designer Sketchbook
Reviews
Custom
Custom Seating
Custom Cabinets
Custom Tables
Custom Beds
Custom Architectural Elements
Custom Quote Request
Outdoor
Outdoor Photo Gallery
Outdoor Use & Maintenance
Product Warranty
Commercial
Commercial Installations List
Commercial General Information
Commercial Quote Request
Home
» Terms & Conditions
» Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted on the website and will only apply to activities and information on a going-forward basis.
Note: The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this website only. If you link to other websites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Distribution of Information Your postal address or email address will never be shared with any other business for any use other than database management.
Email You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have expressed interest. Each time you receive an email from La Lune Collection, you will be given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. If you choose to opt-out, we will stop sending you emails.
Commitment to Data SecurityYour personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees and agents (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
Fraud PreventionIn the unlikely event of fraud or suspicion of fraud, we may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Privacy Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us:
By email - info@lalunecollection.comBy phone - 414.263.5300
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted on the website.
Acknowledgement
Terms
Damaged or Lost Merchandise
Indoor/Outdoor Use and Maintenance
Changes of Orders & Cancellations
Shipping and Delivery
Product Design & Dimensions
Product Warranty
Privacy Policy