http://www.scstudentloan.org/resources/helpful-links
Skip to main content
Helpful Links
Links that you may find helpful
Invite Education
SC Student Loan provides expert college planning for families with children in grades K through 12.  Guidance includes savings plans and calculators, scholarship searches, test preparation, calendar of events and much more.Student Aid on the Web
Information on federal programs from the Federal Department of Education.
National Student Loan Data System (NSLDS)
This database is available to students to access information regarding their Title IV loans and grants.
Educational Tax Credits and Benefits
Guide to Federal tax benefits for tuition and fees, provided by the National Association of Student Financial Aid Administrators (NASFAA).
Federal Student Aid Ombudsman
Federal Department of Education’s Student Aid Ombudsman helps resolve disputes and solves other problems with federal student loans.
Department of Veterans Affairs
GI Bill Website Veterans and military education information.
South Carolina Transfer and Articulation Center
A South Carolina web portal that provides online tools that make it easier to transfer academic credit and evaluate how higher education coursework will transfer among South Carolina's public colleges and universities.
South Carolina Tuition Grants Commission
Provides need-based grant assistance to eligible South Carolina undergraduate students attending, on a full-time basis, eligible independent non-profit in-state colleges.
Parchment
Parchment is where learners collect, store, and work with the credentials they earn over the course of their life.
South Carolina’s Financial Aid Programs
Scholarships for South Carolina residents attending South Carolina colleges; Palmetto Fellows Scholarship, LIFE Scholarship, HOPE Scholarship, Need-based Grant and Lottery Tuition Assistance.
Resources
Calculators
College Planning
FAQs
Financial Aid Glossary
Helpful Links
The First Step To Federal Financial Aid
Complete the FAFSA Annually
FAFSA