http://www.scconline.org/privacy-policy/
Join/Renew Membership for SCC
Become part of our community of dedicated professional and student members today — join now.
New Members
New SCC Members may register online or download a writable .PDF membership application and email to Colleen Daddino at cdaddino@scconline.org. All major credit cards are accepted. Please use this form to type all your information. Once complete, please save the file on your computer, then email Colleen Daddino at cdaddino@scconline.org or fax it to (212) 668-1504. The Society prefers typed applications over handwritten for ease of processing. Incomplete applications will delay the processing of your membership.
Existing SCC Members
Current SCC Members can easily renew online. Please take the time to renew your membership today to avoid reinstatement fees and any interruption in benefits.
Privacy Policy
Please review our policy on January 1st of every year for updated compliance and important information regarding your services.
Terms of Use
By accessing any Society of Cosmetic Chemists services, including all website functionality and third-party services provided for users, you are agreeing to be bound by these policies, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
Disclaimer
The service provided “as is”. Society of Cosmetic Chemists makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Society of Cosmetic Chemists does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked. The service provided “as is”. Society of Cosmetic Chemists makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Society of Cosmetic Chemists does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked.
Limitations
In no event shall Society of Cosmetic Chemists or its suppliers, third-party vendors or custom software be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the software or services provided by Society of Cosmetic Chemists, even if Society of Cosmetic Chemists or a Society of Cosmetic Chemists-authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. The user agrees to indemnify and hold Society of Cosmetic Chemists and its third parties harmless against any and all claims, costs, and expenses, including attorney’s fees, due to activity pertaining to services provided. Society of Cosmetic Chemists does not take liability for the protection of individuals, groups, organizations, businesses, spectators, or others who may visit the website and utilize the services, information, links or communication tools herein.  This release extends and applies to, and also covers and includes, all unknown, unforeseen, unanticipated and unsuspected injuries, damages, loss and liability and the consequences thereof, as well as those now disclosed and known or not known to exist. The provisions of any state, federal, local or territorial law or state providing substance that releases shall not extend to claims, demands, injuries, or damages which are known or unsuspected to exist at this time, to the person executing such release, are hereby expressly waived.
Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing in support documentation include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Society of Cosmetic Chemists does not warrant that any of the materials are accurate, complete, or current. Society of Cosmetic Chemists may make changes to the software and materials at any time without notice. Society of Cosmetic Chemists does not, however, make any commitment to update the software or materials.
Links and 3rd Party Modules and Plugins
Society of Cosmetic Chemists has not reviewed all of the sites, 3rd Party Modules and Plugins linked to its services and is not responsible for the contents of any such links. The inclusion of does not imply endorsement by Society of Cosmetic Chemists of the site or services. Use of any such service is at the user’s own risk.
Terms of Use Modifications
Society of Cosmetic Chemists may revise these terms of use at any time without notice. By using services provided by Society of Cosmetic Chemists you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Service Maintenance Windows
Society of Cosmetic Chemists and its representatives reserve the right to service Society of Cosmetic Chemists-maintained services in situations requiring emergency maintenance, upgrades or other seen or unforeseen circumstances. Every effort will be made to arrange the service maintenance window during non-business hours.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We use cookies across our services in order to improve their performance and enhance your online experience. Session cookies are used to enable you to move around the site and use essential functions on our services, such as maintaining log-in details for the session such that the need to transfer information across the internet may be reduced. Google Analytics are used to recognize repeat visitors to our services in order to enable us to better understand how our users browse to and through our services, the time they spend and how often they visit our services, relying on which we can improve our services. Font size cookies are used to provide proper appearance of characters when you browse our services. We will not collect any personal data from you when the cookies are being used.
Society of Cosmetic Chemists, Inc and its Third Parties may, from time to time, send direct marketing materials promoting products and services to users based on their personal data, but suitable opt-out mechanisms are provided.
Society of Cosmetic Chemists and its Third Parties makes every effort to protect the privacy of users, but given the nature of the Internet, it cannot guarantee perfect security.
Society of Cosmetic Chemists and its Third Parties uses third party content and service providers and offers links to third party web sites. These third parties may collect personal data from users and they adhere to their own privacy policies. Society of Cosmetic Chemists, Inc and its Third Parties’s Privacy Policy Statement and Personal Information Collection Statements does not cover third parties.
Users who have any questions about Society of Cosmetic Chemists privacy policy and practice can contact its Data Protection Officer.
Users may be asked to provide with personally-identifiable information such as name and e-mail address. This is necessary to provide the users the various services and activities offered on this web site. Users are not obliged to supply the data, but if they do not, the services and activities will be unavailable.
IP address of the computer used to visit our web site may be recorded.
PURPOSE AND USE OF DATA
Information collected is used for the followings:
monitoring use of the web site to help its further development
compiling aggregate statistics about our users to analyze site usage
creating accounts for users who intend to register with the services offered on this web site and maintaining such accounts
identifying and verifying identity of the users who used the services offered on this web site
communicating with the users in respect of matters related to or arising from the use of the services offered on this web site
We also intend to use your name, contact details and the information as to the goods and services which you were/might be interested in, for delivering information that you may be interested in, such as targeted banners, new services and products and other promotions and marketing materials and conducting direct marketing including products, services, advice and subjects in relation to the followings:
TRANSFER OF DATA
User information will not generally be disclosed or transferred to any other party in a form that would identify them except those to parties relevant and reasonably necessary for the purposes stated above.
We use cookies across our services in order to improve their performance and enhance your online experience. Session cookies are used to enable you to move around the site and use essential functions on our services, such as maintaining log-in details for the session such that the need to transfer information across the internet may be reduced. Google Analytics are used to recognize repeat visitors to our services in order to enable us to better understand how our users browse to and through our services, the time they spend and how often they visit our services, relying on which we can improve our services. Font size cookies are used to provide proper appearance of characters when you browse our services. We will not collect any personal data from you when the cookies are being used.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Last updated 09-MAR-2017
Industry Provider Directory
Consultants (32)
Distributors (3)
Raw Materials (16)
Recruiters (5)
Testing Laboratories (26)
Uncategorized (1)
Search Directory The SCC hosts a Provider Directory for the Cosmetics and Personal Care Industry. Please read our disclaimer here. If you would like to submit a Directory listing,
click here.
SCC Affiliate Chapters Learn more about what our chapters are doing in your neck of the woods ... [more]
Recent News
Society of Cosmetic Chemists Announces Gary Agisim as Robert A. Kramer Lifetime Service Award Winner
Congratulations to the 2020 Maison G. deNavarre Medal Award Winner…
Society of Cosmetic Chemists Announces Nava Dayan as Winner of 2020 Florence Wall Women in Cosmetic Chemistry Award
Society of Cosmetic Chemists Announces Annual Award Winners
Curly Chemistry
IFSCC Congress 2020 | Online
Society of Cosmetic Chemists Elects Executive Officers
and Area Directors for 2021
In Memoriam – Joel Zatz
SCC Announces Creation of the Madam C.J. Walker Scholarship Generously Sponsored by Mary Kay Inc.
SCC Announces Initiatives Supporting Equity, Diversity and Inclusion in the Cosmetic and Personal Care Industry
Member News
Society of Cosmetic Chemists Announces Annual Award Winners
SCC is proud to highlight the outstanding work,...
[more]
IFSCC Congress 2020 | Online
The IFSCC 2020 Virtual Yokohama Congress will be...
[more]
Society of Cosmetic Chemists Elects Executive Officers
and Area Directors for 2021
The Society of Cosmetic Chemists (SCC) announced the...
[more]