http://www.wiscran.org/privacy-policy/
Login
Cranberries
FAQs
Education
Photo Gallery
Facts From The Bog
Recipes
Beverages
Salads
Sides
Sauces and Relish
Spreads and Dips
Main Courses
Breads and Muffins
Cookies and Bars
Pies and Cakes
Tarts and Crumbles
Other Desserts
Lighter Side
Products
Where to Buy Cranberries
Products We Love
Bulk Cranberry Suppliers
Shop Now
Health
What's In A Cranberry
Dietary Guidelines
Sustainability
Meet Our Growers
Sustainability in Action
Experience
Cranberry Marsh Tours
Cranberry Festivals
Cranberry Museum, Inc.
Cranberry Highway
Wetherby Cranberry Library Digital Archives
Cranberry Industry Events Calendar
2021 Virtual Wisconsin Cranberry School
2020 Summer Meeting
Contact Us
Login
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Since The Wisconsin Cranberry Discovery Center is committed to presenting a rich Internet experience, we have prepared this Privacy Policy to disclose our information collection, utilization, and dissemination practices for this website. Any questions or comments about this policy should be directed to our Webmaster.
Introduction
1. Children's Privacy Policy
2. Types and Uses of Information Collected from You
3. Acceptance of Terms
4. Contacting Us
Children's Privacy Policy
Children under 13 should not access any interactive portion of this website without first obtaining parental permission. If a child under 13 years of age wants to participate on our website, we encourage the child's parents to participate in his/her experience on our site. We welcome family participation.
Types and Uses of Information Collected from You
Information From Your Computer - Our site recognizes information about your computer, such as the browser, operating system, IP address, and the home server from which you access the Internet. We keep track of the domains from which people visit our site. Your IP address is used to help gather broad demographic data, identify trends and statistics, help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. We may use your IP address information when compiling and reporting aggregate information to companies doing business with us. We normally do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information; however, when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers, visitors, or others, we may use IP addresses to identify a visitor.
Cookies - Our site uses "cookies" to provide information on your computer. Cookies are pieces of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive. Cookies save your preferences while you are at our site, and we may use them to provide you with tailored information. Our site may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, track visitor trends and practices, to save your password so you do not have to enter it every time you visit our site, and to otherwise customize your experience. In addition, cookies allow us to measure and report aggregate information to advertisers such as the number of people who see their ad and the number of times people see their ad. Also, cookies help us determine which areas of our site are popular by tracking hits to those areas. With the exception of your password, we may share this information with third parties. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject cookies.
Outside advertising companies display advertisements on our site, some of which may contain cookies. We do not control these cookies. Cookies received with banner advertisements are collected by the advertising companies and we do not have access to this information.
As indicated above, we share some customer data with advertising companies.
Other Information Practices. - We supplement information received from you with information received from third parties.
In addition to the situations described above, we may disclose visitor information in special instances when we have reason to believe disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with Wisconsin State Cranberry Growers Association’s rights or property, other wiscran.org visitors, or anyone else. We may disclose visitor information when subpoenaed, for government investigations, and when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it.
www.wiscran.org contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites. You should check the privacy policies of these other websites when providing personally identifiable information.
Acceptance of Terms
The Wisconsin State Cranberry Growers Association reserves the right to amend this policy at any time by notifying visitors of the existence of a new privacy policy. This privacy policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. By using this site, you signify that you understand the terms of the www.wiscran.org Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the Wisconsin State Cranberry Growers Association website following the posting of changes or amendments to these terms constitutes acceptance of such changes and amendments.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the practices of this site, please contact:
Wisconsin State Cranberry Growers Association 132 E. Grand Avenue, Suite 202 P.O. Box 365 Wisconsin Rapids, WI 54495
© 2020 All Rights Reserved  |   Privacy Policy