https://www.icis.com/explore/cookies-policy/?intcmp=explore-cookies-policy
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
Our sites require cookies in order to operate fully. We also work with advertisers who place cookies on your computer to serve and target adverts more effectively when you visit the site.
Most web browsers allow some control of cookies through browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Further information about the cookies used by ICIS is provided below.
Cookies used by ICIS web sites
The following cookie categories are based on the classification presented in The International Chambers of Commerce (ICC) Cookie Guide.
Category 1: Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide services that you have requested.
The following Category 1 Cookies are used by ICIS:
Login and Security
Login and security management cookies are used to authenticate and identify you as being logged in to our website.
Session Management
Session management cookies are used to recognise you as you move between pages of the site so we can provide a consistent user experience. They can be applied whether you are logged in or not but do not contain any information that can identify you personally.
Category 2: Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use our website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often. The information collected by these cookies is aggregated, so these cookies don’t collect information that identifies individual visitors. The information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve the way our website works.
The following Category 2 Cookies are used by ICIS:
Web Analytics
Web Analytics cookies are used to improve the design and user experience of our website by providing statistics on site usage and pages visited.
Embedded Videos
Most videos on ICIS are hosted on Brightcove and Youtube.
These sites use cookies to collect video statistics and improve site experience.
Category 3: Functionality cookies
These cookies allow us to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more relevant features.
The following Category 3 Cookies are used by ICIS:
User Profile Data
Your full name and other information used to personalise your experience on the site. This information is not shared with third parties.
User Preferences
Preference cookies remember settings you have selected to apply to the site. These may include features such as the cycling of articles, default searches and views etc.
State Persistence
Used to persist elements of your user experience (such as a selected article and search keywords) across different pages of the site.
Category 4: Targeting or Advertising cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers.
The following Category 4 Cookies are used by ICIS:
Targeted Advertising
Targeted Advertising cookies are used by third parties to gather and send information to other websites so that they can present you with adverts you may be interested in.
These cookies can be linked to clicks on ‘Like’ or ‘Share’ buttons which may be used on this site.
ICIS uses the following third party advertising networks: Doubleclick (Google), Adtech and Brightcove.
You may choose to decline these cookies by visiting the following sites:
Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google advertising opt-out page
Adtech opt-out page
Campaign Tracking
Campaign Tracking cookies are used to monitor how effective adverts, promotions and e-newsletters are. ICIS uses a number of campaign tracking systems it manages directly, including HitBox, Eloqua and SalesForce.com. In addition it traffics some campaigns through: Doubleclick (Google) and Adtech.
You may choose to decline these cookies by visiting the following sites:
Google advertising opt-out page
Adtech opt-out page
Further information
To contact us about the use of Cookies on any ICIS web sites, please email eucookies@rbi.co.uk.
To contact us about your Singapore data privacy concerns, please email sgprivacy@rbi.co.uk.
We use cookies to improve the performance of our site, to analyse the traffic to our site, and to personalise your experience of the site. You can control cookies through your browser settings. Please find more information on the cookies used on our site hereContinue