http://www.pancrazi.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
About
Commercial
Personal
Services
Resources
Contact
A.T. Pancrazi Insurance Agency Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting www.pancrazi.com and/ or http://www.atpancraziinsurance.com. Your privacy is important to us. To betterr protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site.
Information Collected and How it is Used
You always remain in control of the information you provide to ATP & Associates, LLC. We collect two types of information about visitors: Personal information (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, if you register with us, etc.) which you have voluntarily submitted to us, and Aggregate information (such as information about how many visitors log on to our sites, the pages they access, etc.).
In general, you can visit our website without telling us who you are or revealing personal information about yourself, although you may then not be able to view all content or information. We collect, maintain and use personal information you have voluntarily submitted to contact you, including via email, to respond to your comments or requests for information. In addition, we may use personal information to provide you the most helpful and targeted products and services to meet your needs and respond to your inquiries. We will never share or sell your information.
Cookies & Web Beacons
To enhance your experience with our sites, some of our web pages may use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering as a client. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), or save your password in password-protected areas.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
350 W. 16th Street, Suite 103Yuma AZ 85364
Follow @atpinsurance
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
© A.T. Pancrazi Insurance
Site by MGM Design