https://www.lewtec.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Legal information
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
LEW Techniques Ltd website cookie policy
Use of cookies by LEW Techniques Ltd
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. This website makes use of necessary and optional cookies. Optional cookies are used for statistic and marketing purposes to allow us to continue improving our website; you have the option to disable these cookies. The table below explains the cookies LEW Techniques Ltd uses on this website (www.lewtec.co.uk) and why.
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies help make the website useable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Server cookie
SERVERID
Assigns the visitor to a specific server – this function is necessary for the functionality of the website.
This cookie sends data to the United Kingdom.
This cookie is necessary for the operation of the website. It is a session cookie.
Session ID cookie
swpm_session
Identifies the logged in user. A unique session ID is linked to the user so that they are identified while navigating the website. The user is logged out when cookie expires.
This cookie sends data to the United Kingdom.
This cookie is necessary for the operation of the website. It is a session cookie.
Browser support cookie
wordpress_test_cookie
Used to check if the user’s browser supports cookies.
This cookie sends data to the United Kingdom.
This cookie is necessary for the operation of the website. It is a session cookie.
Statistic cookies
Statistic cookies help LEW Techniques Ltd understand how visitors to the website interact with it by collecting and reporting information anonymously. You can find out how to disable these cookies in the ‘How do I change my cookie settings?’ section below.
Universal Analytics (Google)
_ga
_gat
_gid
Cookie category: statistics
Used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
Read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data
The _ga and _gid cookies register unique IDs that are used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. The _ga cookie expires after two years, and the _gid cookie expires after one day.
The _gat cookie is used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate. This cookie expires after one day.
These cookies send data to the United States.
How do I change my cookie settings?
You can choose your cookie preferences by clicking on the ‘Okay’ or ‘Disable optional cookies’ buttons in the cookie notice bar. You may need to refresh your page for your settings to take effect.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
LEW Techniques Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales:
Cook Way
Taunton
Somerset
UK
TA2 6BG.
Reg no. 879810.
Admin login
We use necessary and optional cookies on our website. Click 'Okay' to accept cookies under the terms of our cookie policy.OkayDisable optional cookiesCookie policy