http://www.honeypotcosmetics.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home  |
Directions  |
Download Price List  |
FAQ  |
Terms Of Trade   |
Log In
Honeypot   CosmeticsUK . Distribution . Volume . Clearance . Wholesale . ExportEstablished 1981 Phone +44 (0)20 8951 3686(Minimum Order is £100 + Freight + VAT)
Register for New Trade AccountView Your Pallet
HOME
|
Clearance
|
New
|
Seasonal
|
Fragrances
|
Skincare
|
Make Up
|
Sun Care
|
Gift Sets
|
Accessories
|
Toiletries
|
Volume
|
All
Login
Email:Password:Forgotten PasswordCreate Account
Search
Advanced Search
Brands
Please Select
Active
Agent Provocateur
Ahsan
Al Raheeb
ARAMIS
Ard Al Zaafaran
Aveeno
Beyonce
Body Collection
Borghese
Bourjois
Britney Spears
Burberry
Bvlgari
Cacharel
Calvin Klein
Carolina Herrera
CB & Co
Chris Adams
Constance Carroll UK
Cougar
Covershoot
Creation Lamis
CS Beauty
Cuba
David Beckham
Davidoff
Dimple
DKNY
Dolce & Gabbana
Dove
Dream World Perfumes
DVB Beckham
Eldos
Elizabeth Arden
Elizabeth Taylor
Excellence
Fair Lady
Fake Bake
Fashion Collection
FCUK
Garnier
Ghost
Giorgio Beverly Hills
Gloria Vanderbilt
Guerlain
Honeypot UK
Ibiza Honey
Issey Miyake
Jennifer Lopez
Jimmy Choo
Joop
Jovan
Juicy Couture
Katy Perry
L'Oreal
La Femme
LATTAFA
Laval
Leichner
London Girl
London Pride
Malibu
Manicure Requisites
Max Factor
Maybelline
Michael Kors
Milton Lloyd
Miss Beauty
Miss Rose
Naturals Collection
Neutrogena
New Brand
Nina Ricci
Nino Cerruti
Nuvo
Olay
One Direction
OPI
Other
Paco Rabanne
Piz Buin
Police
Puig
Revlon
Rihanna
Rimmel (London)
Roberto
RoC
Royal
Saffron
Sally Hansen
Scholl
Sleek
So First
St. Ives
St. Moriz
St. Tropez
SUNkissed
Sunmaxx
Taylor Of London
Technic
Top Girl
TRESemmé
Vaseline
Vera Valenti
Vera Wang
W7 (W Seven)
Yardley
Yesensy Cosmetics
Information
Directions
Download Price List
FAQ
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Terms Of Trade
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
New Products  [more]
Roberto Just Cavalli EAU Natural 30ml Spray Men (EACH)£7.10
Cards We Accept
We Ship Worldwide
- Instant online quotation available
- Dispatch within 1 working day
Home >
Terms of Trade
Terms of Trade
This website is owned and operated by Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd and contains material, which is derived in whole or in part by us, our partners, suppliers and manufacturers.
You agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this Terms and Conditions of Use Agreement ("Agreement") with respect to our website. This Agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between us and you, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the website, the content, products or services provided by or through the website, and the subject matter of this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended by us at any time and from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest Agreement will be posted on the website, and you should review this Agreement prior to using the Site.
The following are terms of a legal agreement between you and Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd and apply to all transactions between us. By accessing, browsing and/or using this site and any of our material, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations.
Definitions
"Terms" means these Terms and Conditions of Use
"Product" means a product displayed for sale
"Product Description" means that part where certain terms and conditions in respect of the individual Product are provided
"Customer(s)" means a trade buyer(s)
"Member(s)" means a trade buyer(s) who has(have) access to and use of the website and has(have) provided us with their business/personal log in information
"We/us" means Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd
"Website" or "Site" means the website located at www.honeypotcosmetics.com or any subsequent URL which may replace it
"United Kingdom" means England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland
"You" means you as an individual trade buyer
Pricing & Availability
All product prices are quoted in pound sterling excluding freight, packaging & VAT at the current UK rate. The management reserves the right to amend any errors or change any advertised price. Prices marked with a Recommended Retail Price (RRP) refer to recommended prices that goods are sold within the UK, or prices that high street retailers within the UK are currently offering similar products. All products are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. If your order cannot be fulfilled you will be notified that the product is out of stock and/or offered an alternative prior to confirmation of order.
Sales Tax
VAT will be applicable within the UK and the European Union (where applicable) at 20% on all goods and freight. For exports, proof of export must be produced.
Authenticity, Condition & Product Details
We only sell authentic and genuine products.
We distribute both regular supply and stock/clearance lots. Stock/clearance lots are generally in a good unused condition. Due to the nature and volume of this type of stock we cannot guarantee all stock is in a perfect condition and as such, our stock is sold 'as seen' or 'as described'. The relevant detailed descriptions of the product are given to assist you with your trade purchase. Please note specifically that assorted colours or assorted flavours may only be taken 'as seen' or 'as described' and cannot be specifically described as they may vary from pack to pack. The photographs and colour graphics on the website are for illustrative purposes only and may vary depending on your computer/screen settings.
Confirmation of Order
Except during busy periods, orders are confirmed normally to you within 1 working day of receipt by us and stock items are dispatched to you within 1 working day of receipt of cleared funds.
We reserve the right to decline any order. All orders are accepted subject to these Terms.
Payment
Payment can be made by cash, direct/internet bank transfer, credit/debit card (Visa, MasterCard, Delta, Switch, Solo, Visa Electron or Maestro) or postal order/cheque. Cleared funds must be received prior to dispatch of your order. All goods remain the property of Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd until paid for in full.
Card payment will only be accepted from UK customers. All card payments are subject to CVC and a UK address verification check. We reserve the right to dispatch your order only to a verifiable cardholder's UK address. You represent and warrant that if you are purchasing something from us that (i) any credit/debit card information you supply is true, correct and complete, (i) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit/debit card company, and (iii) you will pay the charges incurred by you at the confirmed prices, including any shipping fees and applicable taxes.
All transaction costs, such as bank charges, related to payment of orders will be the responsibility of the customer. If any transaction charges are incurred on receipt of funds, we reserve the right to deduct goods to the equivalent value of those charges. Except for this, payment by cash, bank transfer and debit card will be taken in full without additional charge. For payment by credit card there will be a surcharge of 2% on the total order transaction including freight and VAT.
We will not pass on any of your details to third parties unless required to do so as part of the order verification or if required to do so by UK governing law. We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure. We cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from us. Customers should never e-mail their credit/debit card details.
Verify Members' Address
We reserve the right to contact a Member to verify the accuracy of account information (including the Member's correct name and address) that is needed to provide the Member with the information, goods or services he or she has requested from us.
Lapsed Accounts
In order to keep our membership roster current, if a Member does not access his or her account for a period of 90 days or more, we may, at our sole discretion, terminate such Member's account. We will endeavor to notify a Member of our intent to terminate such Member's account by notice to such Member's provided email address at least 7 days prior to deactivation. If the Member fails to respond to such an email notice within 2 days after the day it is sent by us, such Member's account will be terminated as noted above. Therefore, we strongly recommend that all Members keep their accounts and contact data current and in use. While we desire to prevent active accounts from being terminated prematurely, we have no obligation to maintain accounts that appear to have been abandoned. Each Member agrees that failure to access his or her account for 90 days or more conclusively indicates that such Member's account has been abandoned and that the account may therefore be terminated.
Editing, Deleting and Modification
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on the website, including this Agreement, without further notice to users of the Site.
Shipping & Returns
Our Shipping & Returns Policy, which may change from time to time, is a part of this Agreement.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Notice, which may change from time to time, is a part of this Agreement.
Limited Right to Use
The viewing, printing or downloading of any content, graphic, form or document from the website grants you only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for your own personal use and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works or other use. No part of any content, form or document may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal use (but not for resale or redistribution).
Non-transferable
Your right to use the Site is not transferable. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents is not transferable and may only be used by you.
Fraud
By becoming a member, you confirm that the information provided in this form is true and that you agree to abide by the Terms of this site. Please note that your membership can be cancelled without notice if it is determined that false or misleading information has been provided, the Terms have been violated, or other abuses have occurred as determined by us in our sole discretion. If membership has been revoked, we reserve the right to refuse application or readmission to the membership program.
Intellectual Property Rights
The content, organization, graphics, design, compilation, magnetic translation, digital conversion and other matters related to the Site are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks, registered trademarks and other proprietary (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied in our website or any other materials shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors.
Third-Party Services
We may allow access to or advertise third-party merchant sites ("Merchants") from which you may purchase or otherwise obtain certain goods or services. Inclusion of any linked Web site on our Site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked Web site by us. You understand that we do not operate or control the products or services offered by Merchants. Merchants are responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfillment, billing and customer service. We are not a party to the transactions entered into between you and Merchants. YOU AGREE THAT USE OF SUCH MERCHANTS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND IS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND BY US, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY OR NON-INFRINGEMENT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES ARE WE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN YOU AND MERCHANTS OR FOR ANY INFORMATION APPEARING ON MERCHANT SITES OR ANY OTHER SITE LINKED TO OUR SITE.
All rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of Merchants will apply to you while on such sites. We are not responsible for information provided by you to Merchants. We and the Merchants are independent contractors and neither party has authority to make any representations or commitments on behalf of the other.
Submissions
All suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts and other information you may from time to time send to us (collectively, "Submissions") shall be deemed and shall remain our sole property and shall not be subject to any obligation of confidence on our part. Without limiting the foregoing, we shall be deemed to own all known and hereafter existing rights of every kind and nature regarding the Submissions and shall be entitled to unrestricted use of the Submissions for any purpose, without compensation to the provider of the Submissions.
Limitation of Liability
While we will use reasonable endeavors to verify the accuracy of any information we place on our website or any other materials, we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to its accuracy. The Website or any other materials are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Website, any other materials, or any transaction that may be conducted including but not limited to, implied warranties of non-infringement, compatibility, security, accuracy, conditions of completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade. We make no warranty that our goods and services will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the materials. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through us.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the products. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Terms, nothing herein shall limit your rights as a trade buyer under English law. You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee and therefore shall not be in any way responsible for the security or privacy in dealing with us and any information provided to or taken from us by you.
We will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the Terms for any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or any loss of goodwill or reputation; or any special or indirect or consequential losses; in any case whether or not such losses were within the contemplation of the parties at the date of the Terms, suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under the Terms.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, lawyers, staff and affiliates (collectively, "Affiliated Parties") harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable lawyer's fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the Site.
Severance
If any part of these Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Terms.
Transactions with us are governed by English law and you agree to submit any dispute to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. All orders are subject to these Terms, and no amendments will be accepted by us.
All orders are subject to these Terms. Our customers are deemed to have accepted these Terms on acceptance of their order.
Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd
Unit 4 Honeypot Business Centre
Parr Road
Stanmore
Middlesex
HA7 1NL
United Kingdom
Home
|
Directions
|
FAQ
|
About Us
Copyright © 2020 Honeypot Cosmetics (Wholesale) Ltd. All rights reserved.