http://www.plasticsjobs.com/privacy-policy/
Job Seekers
Get Started
View Jobs
Submit Resume
My Profile
Positions We Recruit For
Processes We Recruit For
Success Stories
Employers
Get Started
Post a Job – FREE
View Resumes
My Account
Recruiting Plans
Positions We Recruit For
Processes We Recruit For
Success Stories
Events
Salary Survey
2020 Salary Survey Results
2019 Salary Survey Results
2018 Salary Survey Results
2017 Salary Survey Results
2016 Salary Survey Results
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use your personal information, and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our services.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our web site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information.
You may provide information about yourself, your firm or company, and your professional situation when we discuss our recruiting services for your company or your career.
Email Information.
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.
2. Web Site Use Information
Information gathered through cookies, web server logs and other programs may include your IP address, the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our web site, and the web sites visited just before and just after our web site. When you use our forms to forward information from our web site, we may receive a copy of your correspondence.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering and expanding our business activities, providing client and candidate services and making available other services to our customers and prospective customers. We may also use the information we collect to notify you about special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by responding to the opt-out message on the advertising piece.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given limited access to your personal information including your name, address, telephone number and email for the purpose of updating our data or providing you with information regarding our services. We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending email and processing credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with business activities. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or business offerings. Customer, email, and visitor information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these types of transactions. We may also transfer such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, or any dissolution.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
How Do We Secure Information?
We have implemented to the best of our ability, technology and security policies, rules and measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from: unauthorized access, improper use, and alteration.
We encourage you to use a unique password for this site.
To our candidates and potential candidates: Our advertising programs may include abbreviated listings of your skills, experience and general location. This showing can be turned on or off within your profile account online.
To our employers and client companies: Our advertising programs include descriptions of your company and its career opportunities. When you share your business situation and plans with us, you have the responsibility to tell us the level of confidentiality of each element of information.
Information you send to us via Email will be treated as confidential subject to the standard level of security generally available.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
Online, within your profile account at GrosRecruiters.com. You may also call 615-661-4568 or 800-283-5643 extension 0 or extension 1.
Certain Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us or Affiliated Parties; (b) protect and defend our rights and property, the Site, the users of the Site, and/or our Affiliated Parties; (c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of the Site, us, or third parties.
Your Consent
By using our web site and the services of our firm, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our web site, www.GrosRecruiters.com.
Email Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter to get top talent, open jobs in packaging and plastics, plus industry news and updates in your inbox twice a month.
Sign Up Now
Recent Blog Posts
Social Media Do’s and Don’ts
Interviewing: The New Look
Men vs. Women – The Pay Gap is Real
Upcoming Events
NPE2021
Orlando, FL
May 17, 2021