http://www.michaelpage.com/terms-and-conditions
You are hereHome>Site Terms and Conditions
Site Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of the Michael Page website at https://www.michaelpage.com/ ("Michael Page Site") and your relationship with Michael Page ("Michael Page", "we" or "us"). Please read them carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Michael Page Site. If you have any questions on the Terms and Conditions, please contact [email protected].
If you are seeking to instruct Michael Page for the provision of recruitment services, our standard terms and conditions shall apply (copy available upon request).
Use of the Michael Page Site
We operate the Michael Page Site to assist you in understanding Michael Page's services and in communicating with us.
The Michael Page Site is provided for your personal use subject to these Terms and Conditions.  By accessing or using the Michael Page Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Amendments
We may update these Terms and Conditions from time to time for legal or regulatory reasons or to allow the proper operation of the Michael Page Site.  We will make reasonable efforts to notify you of any changes. The changes will apply to the use of the Michael Page Site after we have given notice. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms and Conditions you should not continue to use the Michael Page Site. If you continue to use the Michael Page Site after the date on which the change comes into effect, your use of the Michael Page Site indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms and Conditions.
Your use of the Michael Page Site
You may not use the Michael Page Site for any of the following purposes:
disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material or otherwise breaching any laws;
transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offense, results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any applicable laws, regulations or code of practice;
interfering with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Michael Page Site; or
making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.
You will be responsible for our losses and costs resulting from your breach of this clause.
By submitting information through the Michael Page Site you agree and acknowledge that while we may contact you in response to the information you provide, we are not obliged to provide you with any particular product or services.
Registration
In order to access to receive job alerts you must register on the Michael Page Site. If you register, you must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any time are correct and complete.
You must inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering by updating your personal details in order that we can communicate with you effectively.
If you register to use the Michael Page Site you will be asked to create a password. In order to prevent fraud, you must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us by contacting [insert email address or other contact details] immediately.
If Michael Page has reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the Michael Page Site, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account.
Right to Suspend or Cancel your Registration
We may suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion or if you breach any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions.
You can cancel your registration at any time by logging onto the Michael Page Site through the "unsubscribe" link contained in the last Job Alerts email you received.
The suspension or cancellation of your registration and your right to use the Michael Page Site shall not affect either party's statutory rights or liabilities.
Disclaimer
Whilst Michael Page uses reasonable care in compiling and presenting the content found on the Michael Page Site, it is provided purely for information and you should seek further guidance and make independent enquiries before relying upon it.  If Michael Page is informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Michael Page Site we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can.
If we are in breach of these Terms and Conditions, we will only be responsible for any losses that you suffer to the extent that they are a foreseeable consequence to both of us.  Our liability shall not in any event include business losses such as lost data, lost profits or business interruption.
These Terms and Conditions shall not limit or affect our liability if something we do negligently causes death or personal injury.
Employers
Michael Page makes no representation or warranty in respect of any of the following:
the existence or availability of any appointment advertised on the Michael Page Site;
that any employer or client will ask for your CV, ask to interview you or recruit you;
that any employer or client will keep confidential any of your information or data provided to that employer or client; or
the final terms and duration of any appointment obtained through the Michael Page Site.
Availability of the Michael Page Site
We cannot guarantee that the service will be fault-free. If a fault occurs in the service you should report it to [email protected] and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can. If Michael Page is informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Michael Page Site we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can.
Your access to the Michael Page Site may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to restore the service as soon as we reasonably can.
Intellectual Property
All information incorporated within the Michael Page Site is owned or licensed by Michael Page.  You may retrieve and display the content of the Michael Page Site on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Michael Page Site without written permission from the Michael Page.
Applicable Law
These terms and conditions will be subject to the laws of England and Wales. We will try to solve any disagreements quickly and efficiently. If you are not happy with the way we deal with any disagreement, and you want to take court proceedings, you must do so within the United Kingdom.
Miscellaneous
You may not transfer any of your rights under these Terms and Conditions to any other person.  We may transfer our rights under these Terms and Conditions to another business where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.
If you breach these Terms and Conditions and Michael Page chooses to ignore this, Michael Page will still be entitled to use its rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breach the Terms and Conditions.
Michael Page shall not be responsible for any breach of these Terms and Conditions caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
The Michael Page Site is owned and operated Michael Page.
If you have any queries, please contact [email protected].
Michael Page Recruitment Limited Registration No. [0413092],
Last update: [13/04/06]
Site information
Site information
Site Map
Site Terms
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Feedback
Complaints policy