http://www.duraweld.co.uk/privacy-policy
Register / Sign In
Buy Online
Ready to ship
Ring Binders
Self Adhesives
ID Badges
PPE
Covers & Pockets
Build your own
Coming soon - please get in touch for personalised orders.
Bespoke Products
Create Bespoke
Paper Over Board
Vinyl
Polyprop
About Us
Support
Contact
01723 584 091
Buy Online
Ready to ship
Ring Binders
Self Adhesives
ID Badges
PPE
Covers & Pockets
Build your own
Coming soon - please get in touch for personalised orders.
Bespoke Products
Create Bespoke
Paper Over Board
Vinyl
Polyprop
About Us
Support
Contact
Privacy Policy
At Duraweld Limited, we work hard to provide our customers with an excellent service. Looking after the personal data you share with us is a hugely important part of this. We want you to be confident that your data is safe and secure with us and understand how we use it to offer you a better and more personalised experience.
What this Policy covers
The Data Controller is Duraweld Limited (referred to in this policy as “we” or “us”).
We are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal data. That’s why we’ve developed this privacy policy, which:
· sets out the types of personal data that we collect;
· explains how and why we collect and use your personal data;
· explains when and why we will share personal data with other organisations; and
· explains the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data.
This Policy also applies if you contact us or we contact you about our Services.
Our Website may contain links to other websites operated by other organisations that have their own privacy policies. Please make sure you read their terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal data on a website as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites of other organisations.
Personal data we collect
This section tells you what personal data we may collect from you when you use our Services and what other personal data we may receive from other sources.
When you register for our information or purchases, you may provide us with:
Your personal details, including your postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and title;
Your debit or credit card details, bank details and other payment information; Information about your purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)
When you contact us, or we contact you or you take part in promotions, competitions, surveys or questionnaires about our Services, we may collect:
Personal data you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our Services, (for example, your name and contact details) including by phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media
Details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on
Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires
Other sources of personal data
We may also use personal data from other sources, such as specialist companies that supply information, online media channels and public registers. For example, this other personal data helps us to:
review and improve the accuracy of the data we hold;
improve and measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertising.
How and why we use personal data
This section explains in detail how and why we use personal data
We use personal data to:
This means that processing your personal data allows us to:
Why do we process your personal data in this way?
Make our services available to you
Manage the accounts you hold with us, check whether our products are appropriate for you and process your orders
We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your accounts, provide you with the goods and services you want to buy and to help you with any orders and refunds that you may request
Manage and improve our day to day operations
Help to develop and improve our product range, services, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you.
We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our information technology systems (including security) and our product ranges, services and stores. This allows us to serve you better as a customer
Contact and Interact with you
Contact you about our products, for example by phone, email, online or post or responding to social media posts that you have directed at us
We want to serve you better as a customer, so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications
Provide you with relevant marketing communications (including by email, post or online advertising), relating to our products and services. We may also measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications.
We want to ensure that we provide you with marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests. To achieve this, we also measure your responses to marketing communications relating to your products and services we offer, which also means we can offer you products and services that better meet your needs as a customer
You can change your marketing choices, both when you register with us, and at any time after that.
Invite you to take part in and manage customer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by other organisations on our behalf
We carry out market research to improve our products and services. However, if we contact you about this, you do not have to take part in the activities. If you tell us that you do not want us to contact you for market research,we will respect this choice.
YOUR RIGHTS
Your personal data is protected by legal rights, which include your rights to object to our processing of your personal data; request that your personal data is erased or corrected; request access to your personal data.
For more information or to exercise your data protection rights please, please contact us using the contact details provided.
You also have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner's Office which regulates the processing of personal data.
Sharing personal data with other organisations
This section explains how and why we share personal data with other organisations.
Service Providers
We work with carefully selected Service Providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. These include, for example, companies that help us with customer care services, network and technology services, storing and combining data, credit checking, processing payments and delivering orders. We only share personal data that enable our Service Providers to provide their services.
Some of the Service Providers we work with operate our website and online media channels, and they place relevant online advertising for our products and services on those online media channels on our behalf.
We may share personal data with other organisations in the following circumstances:
if the law or a public authority says we must share the personal data;
if we need to share personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this includes providing personal data to others for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risk);
credit reference agencies: We will share details of your credit agreement with us, the payments you make under it and
fraud prevention agencies: If when placing an order with us false or inaccurate information is provided by you and fraud is identified or suspected, your details may be passed to fraud prevention agencies. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information.
How we protect personal data
We know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. This section sets out some of the measures we have in place.
We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, and we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files to keep this data safe. We only authorise access to those employees who need it to carry out their job responsibilities.
We protect the security of your information while it is being transmitted by encrypting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
We enforce physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal data.
How long we use personal data for
We will not keep your personal data longer than we need to, how long this is dependent on several factors, including:
Why we collected it in the first place;
How old it is;
Whether there is a legal/regulatory reason for us to keep it;
Whether we need it to protect you or us.
Marketing and market research
This section explains the choices you have when it comes to receiving marketing communications and taking part in market research.
We will send you relevant offers and news about our products and services in a number of ways including by email and post, but only if you have not objected to receiving marketing communications. When you register with us we will ask if you object to receive marketing communications, and you can change your marketing choices at any time by calling Duraweld Limited on 01723 584091 or visiting Duraweld.co.uk
We also like to hear your views to help us to improve our Services, so we may contact you for market research purposes. You always have the choice about whether to take party in our market research.
Subject Access Rights
You have a right to see the personal data we hold about you. This is called a Subject Access Request. If you would like a copy of the personal data we hold about you, please write to:
GDPR Compliance OfficerDuraweld Limited
Salter Road
Scarborough
YO11 3UP
You can call us at: 01723 584091
Other Data Protection Rights
In relation to your personal data, you also have the right to:
Ask that we update your information if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Ask that we erase your information in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to restrict the processing of your information, but we are legally entitled to refuse the request.
The right to make a complaint with the Information Commissioner www.ico.org.ukif you think that any of your rights have been infringed.
The ICO website www.ico.org.uk contains more detail on the data protection rights mentioned above. Or if you would liketo speak to us about these rights in more detail, see the “how to contact us” section below.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal data please contact us.
Phone: 01723 584091
Mail: Duraweld Limited, Salter Road, Scarborough, YO11 3UP
Policy last updated May 2018.We reserve the right to change the policy at any time, so please check back regularly to keep informed of updates to this Policy
Want to know more? Get in touch. Talk to us