http://www.graniterock.com/about-us/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Safety
Products
Projects
Careers
Community
RockBlog
Live Chat
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
SAFETY
PRODUCTS
Aggregates
Granite
Recycle
River Rock
Sand
Asphalt & Emulsions
Building Materials
Bulk Materials
Drywall, Plaster & Stucco
Erosion Control & Drainage
Fasteners
Interlocking Pavers
Landscaping Supplies
Manufactured Stone
Masonry
Parking Bumpers
Retaining Walls
Sack Products
Sealers
Stucco & Lath
Tile Accessories
Tools
Concrete
Green Products
Natural Stone
Boulders
Cobbles and Natural Stone Pavers
Coping
Decorative Rock
Flagstone
Full Veneer
Natural Stone Hardscape
Slabs
Snapped Ledger
Thin Veneer
Wall Rock
Patching Materials
Project Checklist
Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
Tech Notes
SERVICES
PROJECTS
CAREERS
Employment Opportunities
Graniterock Intern Programs
Recruiting & Job Fairs
COMMUNITY
Live Chat
About Us
About Us
Capabilities
Contact Us
Credit Application
Environmental Responsibility
Feedback
GraniteAdvantage Customers
History
Media Kit
Preliminary Notice Information
Related Sites
Rock.Paper.Scissors Newsletter
Suggestion Box
Yes We Will Books
5S at Graniterock
About Us
Awards
Capabilities
Contact Us
Credit Application
Environmental Responsibility
Feedback
GraniteAdvantage Customers
History
Media Kit
Preliminary Notice Information
Related Sites
Rock.Paper.Scissors. Newsletter
Suggestion Box
Yes We Will Books
5S at Graniterock
Privacy Policy
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Information You Provide. We receive and store information you enter. For example, when you search for or buy a product or service, or when you supply information such as your address, phone number, or credit card. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our website, and communicating with you.
Cookies. Like many websites, we use cookies, which are small programs that we transfer to your hard drive that allow us to recognize you and to provide you with a customized shopping experience. If you do not want us to use cookies, you can easily disable them by using the help feature of your web browser, and searching for cookies. Follow the instructions that will prevent the browser from accepting cookies, or set the browser to inform you when you receive a new cookie. In addition, you may visit this and other websites anonymously through the use of utilities provided by other private companies.
Other Information: Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address. IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted. In addition, we automatically collect other information such as browser types, operating systems, screen resolution, plugin availability, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this site.
Information from Other Sources. We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. This may include updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
Customized Shopping. We use your information to better serve you by providing a customized shopping experience. As noted above, you may “opt-out” of this customization, or even visit and shop anonymously.
Agents. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, and evaluating site usage data. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Special Offers. We may send you special offers from time to time, unless you choose to “opt-out” of receiving such offers. In addition, we may also send you special offers from other companies. Again, you may “opt-out”. If we send you offers from other businesses, we do not share your personal information with them. The offers come directly through us. Please see the “opt-in/opt-out” section at the end of this policy.
Business Transfers. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that we are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Law Enforcement. If we receive a lawful court order to release account or other personal information then we will comply with the law. We will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or property of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
HOW DO WE PROTECT THE SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION?
We work to protect the security of all information transmited during transactions by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We use encryption to protect your information contained in our customer list.
We use a firewall to protect against unlawful intrusion.
We limit access to your information on a “need to know” basis.
We reveal only a limited portion of your credit card number when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
No system can guarantee absolute security, just as the finest lock can not guarantee physical security. However, we take every reasonable precaution to assure that your data is secure.
YOUR CHOICE: OPT-IN OR OPT-OUT
It is your choice whether to receive e-mails or special offers from us or others. When you submit a form containing personal information on this site, you will be presented with the option to Opt-In or Opt-Out of further communications.
MINORS
We do not sell products or services to children. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
OTHER WEBSITES
Various external web sites may be linked to from this site. If you follow a link to another site, your privacy depends on the policy of that site. We strongly urge you to review their privacy policy. Not all sites guarantee that they will not share your personally identifiable information with others. You may also wish to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the
Online Privacy Alliance.
CONTACT US
If you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, or to access your personally identifiable information contained on our website, you may contact us at 831.768.2000. You will be required to provide identifier information to assure that this information is not released to others. We reserve the right to modify this policy in the future. If we do so, notice will be posted on our home page.
Email:
info@graniterock.com
Phone: 831.768.2000