http://www.matrixmg.com/theme/Matrix/privacy/
Privacy Statement - Matrix Management Group
Home
Our Services
Company Profile
Projects
Contact Us
Your privacy is important to Matrix Management Group . This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Matrix Management Group  collects, and the ways in which Matrix Management Group uses that personal information.
About this privacy statement
We created this privacy statement with the help of a Contractology precedent available at www.freenetlaw.com. Contractology supply a range of commercial legal documentation via its website, including web hosting terms and conditions precedents.
Personal information collection
Matrix Management Group may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
-  information about your use of this website;
-  information that you provide for the purpose of placing an order or submitting an enquiry (including name, email and phone number);
- and any other information that you send to Matrix Management Group.
Using personal information
Matrix Management Group  may use your personal information to:
- supply to you services that you purchase;
- send to you statements and invoices;
- research into providing better services;
- and answer your enquiries;
Where Matrix Management Group discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Matrix Management Group may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Matrix Management Group will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Matrix Management Group will store all the personal information you provide.
Updating this statement
Matrix Management Group may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Matrix Management Group is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Matrix Management Group
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Matrix Management Group treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to tas@matrixmg.com or
by post to Level 2 / 174 Collins Street, Hobart, Tasmania 7000
Copyright © 2012-2020 Matrix Management Group
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Statement
|
Contact Us
Last updated 08-2016.