http://www.weider.com/pages/privacy-policy
Cart
(0)
Signup
Signup for our newsletters
Right
Search
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Cart (0)
Search
Home
Products
Protein
Amino Acids
Creatine
Diet & Energy
Sports Nutrition
Weight Gainers
Wellness
All Products
About Us
About
Clinical Studies
Contact
FAQ
Blog
International Distributors
Turkey
Iran
Domican Republic
Brazil
Sale
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Register /
Log in
Privacy Policy
Share
Facebook
Twitter
GooglePlus
Email
Privacy Policy Effective as of September 26, 2013
Weider Global Nutrition LLC ("Weider") respects your privacy. Our purpose in collecting information from you is to help us provide you with better service, such as processing an order you have requested or notifying you about special offers and promotions. We will not willfully disclose any individually identifiable information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy policy.
What Information Do We Collect?
From time to time we may request that you provide us with certain categories of personally identifiable information including your full name, email address, home or work address, telephone number, name of gym facility where you exercise, exercise routines that you perform and information regarding most used or favorite exercise routines.Such information is used to fulfill an order or to enable us to better improve the services offered on our site. We may also collect personally identifiable information from you in order to allow you to participate in promotions or contests. We do not collect any personally identifiable information except what you voluntarily provide. When we request personally identifiable information, we explain how this information may be used and give you an opportunity to decline providing the information. You can opt out of future communications from us at any time by emailing us at online@weider.com or you can unsubscribe by clicking on the “unsubscribe” button on any email communication.
The Weider website is open to all users, but certain promotions may contain age restrictions. We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information from children under the age of 13. However, if a parent notifies Weider that their child under the age of 13 has submitted his or her personal information without parental consent, Weider will delete any such information from our database.
Cookies
Like most sites, Weider.com uses cookies. Cookies are data files stored on your computer that identify you as a unique user. Cookies enable us to track user trends, preferences and patterns to better understand our user base and to improve the quality of our service. Most browsers permit users to disable cookies or to be notified before a cookie is accepted. You can visit our site without using cookies.
Links to Other Sites
Weider contains links to other sites. These sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Since we do not control these sites, we are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content of such sites.
With Whom Do We Share Information?
We may share non-personal information about our users with advertisers, business partners and sponsors, without your permission. However, we only divulge aggregate information, such as how often the average user visits Weider.com.
We may share the email addresses of all subscribers with our third-party market support company which entity shall, only on the written direction of Weider and not otherwise, transmit marketing emails to all subscribers regarding Weider-created information on Weider products and services. That third-party market support company is contractually prohibited from using the email addresses for its own use or that of any other third parties.
We may disclose personally identifiable information you provide to third parties if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a)  comply with legal process; (b) enforce the [Terms and Conditions/Agreement]; (c) respond to claims that any information you provide violates the rights of third parties; (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Weider, its employees, its users and/or the public; or (e) in the event that all or substantially all of Weider’s assets are acquired by a third party. Except as provided in this section, we will not sell or trade your personally identifiable information with third parties, such as sellers of goods or services for marketing purposes without your consent. In response to a request, we will provide you with a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to other companies for marketing purposes during the preceding year.
Consent and Changes to this Privacy Policy
By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as we have outlined in this privacy policy and to our Terms of Use. Weider may decide to change this privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Who Can I Ask If I Have Additional Questions?
Feel free to contact us any time with any questions you may have regarding our privacy policy. Our email address is online@weider.com.
ONLINE@WEIDER.COM
1-800-435-3948
Fitness Equipment Please Contact ICON FITNESS www.Iconfitness.com 1-877-992-5999
Divisions
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
E-Commerce Policy
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
© 2020 Weider Global Nutrition.