https://www.daphnetaylor.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Daphne Taylor
2018-05-22T08:34:14+00:00
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect the information you supply to us through our registration forms, and every time you e-mail us. We also collect information automatically about your visit to our site. The information obtained in this way, which includes browsing patterns, is only used in aggregate form, and as such cannot be used to identify you.
When contacting us through our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
• To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
• To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Copyright ©
All contents, this include images, artworks and reviews on Daphne Taylor’s website are automatically copyright protected.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
Daphne Taylor is committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while providing the highest possible quality of service. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact us.
We'd like to use cookies which help us understand how this website is used by our visitors.
You can find out more about these cookies Here. By continuing to use this site you are giving us your consent to do this.Okay, thanks