https://www.dreamweaverlures.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
HomeShopping CartContactMy AccountCatalogPro Staff
dw@teamdreamweaver.com
1-888-249-1632
Privacy Policy  At Dreamweaver, we are committed to protecting and maintaining your privacy. As part of our normal operations we may collect your information. This Privacy Policy describes the type of information we may collect and what may happen to that information. This statement is designed to tell you as much as possible about how we use and manage personal information provided to, or collected by us. We believe you should be made aware of our practices so you can make informed decisions about how you allow us to use your information. In this ever-changing world we may, from time to time, review and update this Privacy Policy statement to take account of new laws and technology and changes to our operations. All personal information held by us will be governed by our most recent policy. Your continued use of the Website after any modification to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification. THE WEBSITE AND SERVICES ARE HOSTED IN THE UNITED STATES. IF YOU ARE A USER ACCESSING THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES FROM THE EUROPEAN UNION, ASIA, OR ANY OTHER REGION WITH LAWS OR REGULATIONS GOVERNING PERSONAL DATA COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE THAT DIFFER FROM UNITED STATES, PLEASE BE ADVISED THAT THROUGH YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES, WHICH IS GOVERNED BY UNITED STATES LAW, THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU ARE TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND YOU CONSENT TO THAT TRANSFER. ADDITIONALLY, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS PROCESSED IN UNITED STATES WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN IN YOUR COUNTRY. What kind of personal information do we collect and how do we collect it?Throughout this Privacy Policy, we refer to your “personal information”, which means information which identifies you as an individual or from which your identity can be reasonably ascertained. We collect personal information in a variety of ways in the course of conducting our businesses. We collect this information so you can subscribe to newsletters, request a product or service from us, complete a survey or questionnaire, seek employment, or communicate with us by email, telephone or in writing. The personal information we collect may include your name, email address, phone number, and postal address. We may also collect demographic information, such as your ZIP or postal code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favourites. If you choose to make a purchase, we will ask for additional information, such as your credit card number and billing address which is used to create a billing account. If you choose to participate in these activities, we may also collect information from you that you provide in response to surveys. How we use Personal InformationThe personal information collected on the Website will be used to operate the Website and to provide the good(s) or service(s) you have requested. We may also use your personal information to provide customer support, to respond to questions or complaints, to conduct customer surveys, to detect and prevent fraud and for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In certain circumstances, we may use personal information for promotional or direct marketing purposes. However, you may at any time request us not to use your personal information for sending direct marketing material to you. Such a request can be made by contacting us either in writing, by email or by telephone at the contact details below. There is no fee for making such a request. In many cases where we ask you to provide us with information about yourself, if you do not provide us with that information we will not be able to provide you with the relevant product or service. Links to Third Party Websites from our WebsiteTo the extent that our Website contain links to sites operated by third parties and not related to our products or services (“Linked Websites”), the Linked Websites are not controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those companies. Before disclosing your personal information to Linked Websites, we advise you to examine their privacy policies. Disclosure of personal information to Third PartiesWe respect the privacy of personal information and we will take reasonable steps to keep it strictly confidential. We sometimes hire third parties to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering items, sending postal mail, providing technical support, and other new services. We provide those companies only the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. We may also disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange or other disposition (whether of assets, stock or otherwise) of all or a portion of a business of our company and/or our subsidiaries or to (i) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on us or the Website; (ii) protect and defend our rights or property and the Website; (iii) enforce our agreements with you, or (iv) act in urgent circumstances to protect personal safety or the public. Under no circumstances we will sell personal information without your consent. Cookies policy• What is a cookie? Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device.  Cookies help your browser navigate a website and the cookies themselves cannot collect any information stored on your computer or your files. When a server uses a web browser to read cookies they can help a website deliver a more user-friendly service. To protect your privacy, your browser only gives a website access to the cookies it has already sent to you. • Why do we use cookies? We use cookies to learn more about the way you interact with our content and help us to improve your experience when visiting our website. Cookies remember the type of browser you use and which additional browser software you have installed. Some of the cookies we use are session cookies and only last until you close your browser, others are persistent cookies which are stored on your computer for longer. • How do I reject and delete cookies? We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, should you wish to do so, you can choose to reject or block the cookies set by us by changing your browser settings – see the Help function within your browser for further details.  Please note that most browsers automatically accept cookies so if you do not wish cookies to be used you may need to actively delete or block the cookies. You can also visit www.allaboutcookies.org for details on how to delete or reject cookies and for further information on cookies generally. Note, however, that if you reject the use of cookies you will still be able to visit our Website but some of the functions may not work correctly.Information Security We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that all personal information held by us is secure from any unauthorised access or disclosure. However, we do not guarantee that personal information cannot be accessed by an unauthorised person (e.g. a hacker) or that unauthorised disclosures will not occur. We will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information if it is no longer needed for the purposes for which we are authorized to use it. Children and privacyThe Website does not offer information intended to attract children. We do not knowingly solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. Accessing personal informationYou may request to access your personal information held by us. Such a request must be made in writing to the address below. First, we will require you to verify your identity and specify what information you require. We will grant you access to your personal information as soon as possible, subject to the circumstances of the request. In the same way, a request may be made to delete personal information, and all reasonable steps to delete the information will be made, except where it is required for legal reasons. Deletion of information may result in Dreamweaver being unable to provide you with information about certain transactions, other content, services or product information, upcoming promotion, and/or provide you with certain content, goods or services. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Our company-wide commitment to your privacyTo make sure your personal information is secure, we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to our employees and strictly enforce privacy safeguards within the company. Updating Personal InformationWe make it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. NewslettersIf you wish to cancel your subscription to a newsletter, you can either send us an e-mail to the address found on the website or carry out cancellation by using the respective link at the end of the newsletter. Contact usIf you would like to make an access request or wish to provide feedback about this policy, please contact us by writing to Dreamweaver at 5712 Brookwood Place, Ludington, MI 49431 or via email as found on our website.Telephone: 231-843-3652.
×
×Cart