https://www.racs.net/wpautoterms/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions - RACS
Skip to content
Product Catalog Career Opportunities Trade Shows Top MenuMy account AccountFacebook page opens in new windowLinkedin page opens in new window
RACS
Ridglan Animal Care Systems
racs@racs.net800-338-3178
0
View CartCheckout
No products in the cart.
Subtotal: $0.00
View CartCheckout
Design & ManufacturingAnimal Floor Design Measuring Guidelines Cage Floor Benefits
ProductsAll Products Cage Floors Custom Animal Floors Tub Floor Grates Gutter Covers Industrial Cage Floors Industrial Run Covers Poly Pet Heat Mat Dog Beds
About UsAbout Us Our Team
Contact UsContact Us Request A Quote Career Opportunities Trade Show Schedule
Search:
Search for a keyword
Design & ManufacturingAnimal Floor Design Measuring Guidelines Cage Floor Benefits
ProductsAll Products Cage Floors Custom Animal Floors Tub Floor Grates Gutter Covers Industrial Cage Floors Industrial Run Covers Poly Pet Heat Mat Dog Beds
About UsAbout Us Our Team
Contact UsContact Us Request A Quote Career Opportunities Trade Show Schedule
You are here:HomeLegal PageTerms and Conditions
Last updated: August 21, 2018
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using the https://www.racs.net website (the “Service”) operated by RACS (“us”, “we”, or “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.
Accounts
When you create an account with us, you must provide us information that is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account on our Service.
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service.
You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Intellectual Property
The Service and its original content, features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of RACS and its licensors.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by RACS.
RACS has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that RACS shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
We may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Disclaimer
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of United States without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Site-Wide Search
Search:
Have a question? Would you like a quote? Get in touch with us today!
Our knowledgeable staff can help you design custom-sized floors to meet your specific needs.
We manufacture a complete line of veterinary cage flooring that focuses on the health and well-being of each animal through its design.
Contact UsRequest A Quote
Premier Polysteel Outdoor Furniture Click here to view our complete line of outdoor furniture. The best commercial outdoor furniture available. Period.
CONTACT RACS TODAY!RIDGLAN ANIMAL CARE SYSTEMS
PO Box 77, 305 Enterprize Dr.
Northwood, IA
50459Email:
racs@racs.net
Phone:
800-338-3178Fax:
641-324-1092
Review us on GoogleTESTIMONIALSI am the Purchasing Director for Snyder Mfg. and work with hundreds of vendors who assist in creating our wonderful product. With the growing economy and relentless production schedules that so many of us are experiencing, I have found that RACS is one of the more reliable vendors in terms of meeting (or beating) lead times, superior quality and their customer service is second to none.
- Gary Montoya, Snyder Manufacturing Purchasing Director
REQUEST INFO
Name
First
Last
PhoneEmail*
Sign up to receive special offers, giveaways, and trade show updates!SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
LinkedIn
YouTube
ABOUT US
Ridglan Animal Care Systems and Premier Polysteel Outdoor Furniture are divisions of ADA Enterprises, Inc.
Copyright © 2020. All right reserved.
Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
Facebook
Go to Top