http://www.fezzari.com/about/privacy
Home > About Fezzari > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take privacy very seriously. Our policy is simple: We will not sell, rent or distribute your name, email address or any other identifiable information to any third party without your consent.
We offer an email newsletter, which contains valuable product information, exclusive promotions and coupons. To comply with the highest level of respect for our customers' privacy, you will be given the opportunity to easily opt-in or opt-out of this type of communication at any time. We WILL NOT sell, rent or distribute your email address to any third party.
Collection and Use of Information about Customers
We are the sole owner of the information collected on our sites. When you complete an online purchase, we collect your name, shipping and billing addresses, telephone number, credit card number and email address (optional) so that we can process your order and ensure that it is delivered to the correct address. We ask for your email address so that we can send you two emails following a purchase: the first confirms your purchase and provides an order summary with your order number; the second email provides you with a tracking number so that you can determine the status of your order. We ask for your phone number so that we may contact you if there are any problems with your order or shipping.
Internet Cookies
Our site uses a feature of your Internet browser called a "cookie" to assign a unique identification to your computer. This little piece of data is stored on your hard drive to track clicks made on your computer to our store. We use cookies to determine whether you have previously visited our store, and whether you came to our site via a specific Internet link.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information about visitors to our site. Cookies are helpful because they can be used to help save and retrieve user names and passwords, along with information about past purchases. Should you disable the use of cookies on your browser, you will need to re-enter this information whenever you visit our site.
Server Log Files
Our site uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the servers, track user movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Information Sharing
We have third party relationships with a credit card processing company and shipping companies. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We may share non-personal, non-individual information in aggregate with our vendors and partners for research purposes only (such as traffic patterns, sales volume and related site information).
Links to Other Sites
Our site may contain links to other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site through links to other sites, as we do not guarantee that these sites adhere to the same high standards of privacy and security that we uphold. Users should read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Opting Out of Fezzari Mailing List
Our customers have the choice of "opting-in" to receive our newsletter and exclusive promotions, offers, coupons and product information via email. Customers have this choice on the Checkout page. Be assured that if you do "opt-in" to receive these special offers, you will only receive our periodic communications. We will not sell, rent or distribute your email address to any third party without your consent.
At any time, you may choose to unsubscribe or "opt-out" of receiving these exclusive communications. An easy-to-use link and instructions are provided at the bottom of these types of email communications in the event that you choose to unsubscribe. If you do choose to unsubscribe, your email address will be removed from our promotions and news mailing list. You may also contact us to request that you no longer receive promotions and news communications.
Why we need an email address during check out
The email address you provide during checkout is only used to send you an email confirmation with your order details, along with an email containing tracking information once your order has shipped. In some cases, we will email a customer if there is a problem with their order (e.g., problem with credit card, item suddenly becomes back-ordered, etc.).
Secure Check Out and Credit Card Protection
Our servers are hosted within a secure hosting facility, behind an up-to-date firewall and monitored by intrusion detection systems.
The checkout and confirmation areas of our site are secured using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology, ensuring that your credit card number and personal data are never sent over the Internet without encryption.
Your credit card information is stored on a secured server that is not connected to the Internet. Statistically, using your credit card to make purchases on our site is more secure than using it in a department store.
Your full credit card number is never displayed on our site--just select numbers. This prevents someone from seeing your card number on your monitor.
Payment Options
Why Buy Direct
Love It or Return It
Ambassador Program
Contact Us
FAQs
@Sign up for the newsletter and score deals. Click here!
GET THE INSIDE TRACK
You'll receive the latest news on products and promotions from Fezzari.
©2020 FEZZARI BYCYCLES ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
PRIVACY POLICY