https://www.betranslated.com/privacy-policy/
+34 962 02 22 22
info@betranslated.com
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
EN (US)
EN (UK)
FR (FR)
FR (BE)
NL (BE)
IT
ES
PT
RU
KO
LT
BeTranslated respects and protects the privacy of the persons that use our websites and visit them. Individually identifiable information about you is not disclosed to any third party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this privacy policy.
This Website contains links to other sites that are outside of BeTranslated’s control. These sites may have their own policy regarding privacy and you are encouraged to read their Privacy Policy.
Information sharing and disclosure
BeTranslated will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone. Under no circumstances.
Personal information
Personal information is information such as your first name, last name, birth date, e-mail or mailing address that can be used to uniquely identify you. You can access any of the BeTranslated Websites and browse them without providing your personal information. However, in order to register in our freelance database or request a quote, a user must provide personal information (including, but not limited to, name, address, telephone number, email address, and bank account number if you register as a freelance translator).
Personal information collected on this website is used only for the purpose it is requested. In particular, contact information such as name and e-mail addresses is used to provide an answer to your request for quote or collaboration to work with BeTranslated.
Anonymous information
BeTranslated may collect certain data like web log information (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, time spent on each page, etc.). For instance, when you visit one of our websites, our server will recognize some non-personal information, including but not limited to the date and time you visited our site, the pages you visited, the referrer (the website you came from), the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows XP, Mac OS, Linux), and the domain name and address of your email service provider (e.g., Hotmail, Yahoo, Gmail).
We may use your personal information to contact you. For example, we may send you marketing or promotional materials including emails or other information; we may respond to your comments or requests for information; or we may contact you, if needed, in the course of processing your order for services offered through our websites. We also use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; to statistically analyze site usage; to improve our content and product offerings; and to customize our sites’ content, layout and services. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our visitors’ needs. BeTranslated does not collect personal information automatically.
BeTranslated occasionally sends visitors emails describing new services or events. These services are optional and you may request to opt-out of these services completely, at any time. We will only store your personal information for a reasonable period of time.