http://www.claimcare.net/terms-of-use-and-privacy/
Search
Medical Billing Services
Billing Solutions
Instant Payment Program
Expedited Billing Service
Fixing Your Broken Medical Billing Process
Eliminate Dependence On Billing Employees
Low Cost Medical Billing
New Medical Practices
Electronic Medical Record
Denial Management
ClaimCare Difference
Complete Solution
Guaranteed Results
Best of Breed Technology
Air Tight Billing Process
Actionable Reporting
Dashboard Reports
Compliance
Broad Experience
About ClaimCare
Extraordinary Team
Experience
Specialties Served
Cardiology Billing
ASC Billing
Dermatology Billing
Dialysis Billing
ENT Billing
ER Billing
Family Practice Billing
Gastroenterology Billing
Hospitalist Billing
Surgical Billing
Imaging Billing
Infusion Billing
Internal Medicine Billing
Neurology Billing
OB/GYN Billing
Occupational Medicine Billing
Opthalmology Billing
Orthopedic Billing
Pathology Billing
Pediatric Billing
Physical Therapy Billing
Plastic Surgery Billing
Podiatry Billing
Pulmonology Billing
Radiology Billing
Urology Billing
Vascular Surgery Billing
States Served
Texas Medical Billing
Alabama Medical Billing
Alaska Medical Billing
Arizona Medical Billing
Arkansas Medical Billing
California Medical Billing
Colorado Medical Billing
Connecticut Medical Billing
Delaware Medical Billing
Florida Medical Billing
Georgia Medical Billing
Hawaii Medical Billing
Idaho Medical Billing
Illinois Medical Billing
Indiana Medical Billing
Iowa Medical Billing
Kansas Medical Billing
Kentucky Medical Billing
Louisiana Medical Billing
Maine Medical Billing
Maryland Medical Billing
Massachusetts Medical Billing
Minnesota Medical Billing
Michigan Medical Billing
Mississippi Medical Billing
Missouri Medical Billing
Montana Medical Billing
Nebraska Medical Billing
Nevada Medical Billing
New Hampshire Medical Billing
New Jersey Medical Billing
New Mexico Medical Billing
New York Medical Billing
North Carolina Medical Billing
North Dakota Medical Billing
Ohio Medical Billing
Oklahoma Medical Billing
Oregon Medical Billing
Pennsylvania Medical Billing
Rhode Island Medical Billing
South Carolina Medical Billing
South Dakota Medical Billing
Tennessee Medical Billing
Utah Medical Billing
Vermont Medical Billing
Virginia Medical Billing
Washington Medical Billing
West Virginia Medical Billing
Wisconsin Medical Billing
Wyoming Medical Billing
Billing System Expetise
Case Studies
ClaimCare's Locations
ClaimCare News
Job Opportunities
On-line Employment Application
Contact Us
Medical Billing Resources
Medical Billing Blog
Best Medical Billing Resources on the Web
User Guide
Medical Billing Q&A Forum - RETIRED
Medical Billing Questions & Answers Forum
Terms of Use and Privacy
Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our many features.
ClaimCare, Inc. knows that you care about the treatment of confidential information and ClaimCare, Inc. is committed to safeguarding online privacy. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.claimcare.net, you are accepting the practices described in this Terms of Use and Privacy Notice. If you do not accept any of the terms and conditions stated herein, do not use any of our sites. We may, in our sole discretion, change these terms and conditions at any time by updating this web site. You are bound by all such modifications, and it is your responsibility to review these terms and conditions on a regular basis. Your continued use of this site following the amendments shall constitute your acceptance of the amendments.
ClaimCare, Inc. is not responsible for the content and accuracy of external websites. Links to such websites are provided solely for your convenience. The photographs, graphics, logos and service marks displayed on this site are the property of ClaimCare, Inc. and other parties. Content displayed is protected by copyright. Users are prohibited from using any content without written permission. Users are prohibited from using any content in any form for any commercial, public, or unlawful purpose.
Statements contained in news releases which are not historical facts may be forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors. ClaimCare, Inc. undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date on which such statements were made.
Information Collected
ClaimCare, Inc. collects personally identifying information as a means to help improve the products and services it offers as well as the content offered on its web sites.
Personal Information.
ClaimCare, Inc. does not collect any personally identifiable information about you except for the information that you provide to us in order to establish your account, including but not limited to, name, , phone number and address. We receive, store and use this information to help us communicate with you, respond to your requests and improve the content and services that ClaimCare, Inc. has available.
Other Information.
We collect certain types of other information whenever you access our web sites. This includes the use of “cookies”, which are explained further below, and the information is used to help us provide content specific to your interests.
Electronic Mail Communications.
To enable us to more effectively communicate with our customers, you may receive a confirmation when you open e-mail correspondence from us. We also may compare our list of e-mail addresses with those of our affiliates in order to avoid duplicative or otherwise unnecessary messages being sent to you.
Information from Other Sources.
To enable us to serve our customers’ needs, we may receive some limited information about you from our affiliates, partners and other third parties. We use the data to ensure the accuracy of our records and we integrate this data with your personal account information.
Use of Information
We intend to use the data provided to us above to operate the web site and to assist us with the delivery of content and other products and services. Your information may also be used to contact you when necessary.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
By accessing and using our web sites, you agree that, with respect to other users’ personally identifiable information that you obtain through the Site or through a www.claimcare.net-related communication or ClaimCare, Inc.-facilitated transaction, ClaimCare, Inc. hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for: (a) www.claimcare.net-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, and (b) any other purpose that such user expressly opts into after adequate disclosure of the purpose(s). In all cases, you must give users an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this section, can you disclose personally identifiable information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other user after adequate disclosure.
Use of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number assigned to your computer automatically when you access the Internet. Where possible, we may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our site and/or to improve our services to you.
Use of Cookies
We may use cookies on certain pages of our site. We may also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Among other reasons why we use cookies, cookies allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests or service needs. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
Sharing of Information
Your account information is very important to us and we share such information only in limited situations. For example, we may share the information with affiliates of ClaimCare, Inc., including those entities that control the content on some of our web pages.
Unfortunately, due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company to ClaimCare, Inc. participants as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will remain private.
As a general proposition, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
Security
ClaimCare, Inc. uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, such as firewalls and system security measures. Please be advised that “perfect security” does not exist in commercial Internet applications and that such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on our web sites.
The registration pages for the ClaimCare Insurance Wizardsm , where you enter your personal, information are secure. This means that any information you send us is protected by encryption. It is easy to tell when you are protected by encryption – your browser displays a lock or a key which is no longer broken or it changes color when you are on a secure page. The actual icon and its location may vary depending on your browser. For example: Internet Explorer displays a closed padlock at the bottom of the page when a page is secure.
Except as specifically permitted by this section, you may not disclose your ClaimCare, Inc. password to any third parties nor share it with any third parties. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. You may, however, disclose your password to certain third parties with whom ClaimCare, Inc. has entered into specific contractual and technical arrangements designed to safeguard your password (“Authorized Password Users”), in order to enjoy the benefits of those third parties’ services in relation to the ClaimCare, Inc. services.
Other Web Sites; Links
Our web sites contain links to other third-party Web sites. ClaimCare, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices, content, use of cookies or the gathering of other information of such third-party web sites.
Public Forums
This site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Views reflected in these forums do not reflect the views or opinions of ClaimCare, Inc.
Children
ClaimCare, Inc. does not knowingly collect personal information on children. The content of our web sites and the products and services available are not intended for children. If you are under 18, you may only use ClaimCare, Inc. with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice, the practices of this site or your interaction with this web site, please contact info@claimcare.net.
Medical Billing Services
Billing Solutions
ClaimCare Difference
About ClaimCare
Contact Us
Medical Billing Resources
© 2003 - 2019 ClaimCare Medical Billing Services