http://www.big-dipper.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Thermaco will not provide any personal information to anyone outside the Thermaco organization.
Thermaco - Big Dipper is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site. Thermaco - Big Dipper will never use any personal information collected at this site for any purpose other than internal use unless the registrant chooses to be added to mailing lists (this is a choice made by the registrant on the Registration form).
If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us.
Types of Information
The following is an explanation of the types of information that are collected from visitors at this site.
Anonymous Information - Thermaco - Big Dipper will track visitor activity to our site using IP addresses and set temporary cookies to track user sessions. This data helps us keep track of the number of visitors and help facilitate the dynamic nature of our site. This information is not connected in any way with personal information (name, address, etc.). The user's identity remains anonymous with this type of information.
Registration Information - If a visitor to our site fills out the Registration form, this information will be used to process any orders, or initiate contact with Thermaco - Big Dipper only. The registrant has the choice of being added to email or postal mailing lists but is not required to do so. No one outside of Thermaco - Big Dipper will ever have access to your personal information.
Registration information is stored in a database on a secure server. The database is password protected and is only accessible by Thermaco - Big Dipper servers and authorized personnel of Thermaco - Big Dipper.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Please be aware that other web sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to Thermaco - Big Dipper web site are not covered by this privacy statement.
© 2020 Thermaco Inc. All Rights Reserved / Privacy Policy