https://www.hearthsidefoods.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HEARTHSIDE PRIVACY POLICY & COOKIES
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.hearthsidefoods.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will handle your Personal Data in accordance with Data Protection Legislation. “Data Protection Legislation” means the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and Directive 95/46/EC, any other applicable law or regulation relating to the processing of personal data and to privacy (including the E-Privacy Directive), as such legislation shall be amended, revised or replaced from time to time, including by operation of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) (and laws implementing or supplementing the GDPR).
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only people who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Marketing Automation
Hearthside Food Solutions LLC website incorporates a third-party Marketing Automation service to track users via the methods outlined in this policy. This product’s privacy policy is outlined here. The product is fully compliant with GDPR regulations.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, or you have any questions or concerns, you should contact use the form below.
Privacy Inquiry/Request
WHAT WE MAKENutrition & Energy Bars
Cookies
Crackers
Snack Components
Cereals & Granola
Food PackagingCAPABILITIES Food Contract Packaging
Food Contract Manufacturing
COMPANY & CULTURE Hearthside Culture
Sustainability
Community Involvement
Investor Relations
Bits and Pieces Blog
MOREHearthside Blog
Hearthside News
Hearthside Bar GalleryCAREERS Careers at Hearthside
PLACESHearthside Europe
E-Z Pak
Cloud Packaging Equipment
Quality Bakery Products
Greencore USACONTACT HEARTHSIDEGet A Quotation
General Inquiry
Hearthside Careers
Investor Relations
Scroll to top
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By using this website you agree to accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept