http://www.principal.com/security-policies
Skip to Content
Security Policies
We protect your information in many ways—from ensuring that our buildings are secure, to proactively preparing for disasters and business interruptions, to using secure computing practices. Safeguarding your information’s confidentiality, integrity, and availability is one of our highest priorities.The information for the accounts you have with Principal Financial Group® is kept secure and confidential through multiple security features and procedures.Our online security features help protect dataThe account information you request from our website can only be accessed with your username, password and, in certain situations, unique verification codes. It is your responsibility to keep your login information confidential.Do not disclose your login information to anyone. Our employees and associates will never ask you for your password.If you write your login information down, keep it in a safe place where others can't see it.Contact us immediately to change your login information if you suspect someone has discovered it or if you have been informed your credentials were part of a data breach.Information you submit through our website, as well as the information we send back to you while you are visiting our website, is protected using strong encryption when necessary. Our secure server software encrypts information, ensuring that Internet communications through our website stay private and protected.To allow you to process transactions on our website, we use cookies. See what types of information we collect by using cookies and spotlight tags.Your account information is not permanently stored on our web server. The information only resides on our web server while you are viewing the information. It is, however, permanently stored on our secured corporate computer systems and retained according to our company record retention policy.Security software keeps information privateTo ensure the secure transmission of your confidential account information over the Internet, we use a secure communications solution called Transport Layer Security (TLS). All modern browsers support TLS, but if your browser does not, you will receive a message indicating that your session cannot be completed because of the security risk.TLS establishes a secure connection between two computers (e.g., your browser and our web server). It is used to implement HTTPS, the secure version of HTTP, and is an open technology supported across various browsers (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer). We require that you use a TLS-enabled browser to communicate with the secure area of our site. You know you are visiting the secure area of our site when the URL begins with "https://".We recommend using the most current browsers to ensure a high level of security. Web browsers supported by Microsoft, Mozilla, Apple, and Google support the latest versions of TLS. Older and less secure versions of TLS may no longer be supported.Security helps protect your dataCustomer access to web and mobile applications requires the use of unique usernames and strong passwords. Principal uses adaptive authentication systems to evaluate your location at the time of authentication and monitor historical patterns of login locations. We also use additional login security features, including:Verification codesTimed log-offAn extra layer of securityFor accounts that support it, we recommend using two-factor authentication, which requires both your password and an additional code to log in to your account. The code, or a random number generated by an application, is sent to your phone. This helps protect your account information when logging in, in the event your password is compromised.We limit access to your company dataPrincipal has a formal, documented process to grant and revoke access to company resources (systems, data, mobile, etc.) that is supported by administrative, technical and physical controls. Our employees may not access or disclose personally identifiable information for any reason except as authorized for company-related business purposes.Other ways we protect your informationOur security program: Safeguarding your informationPrincipal has a comprehensive written Information Security Program that safeguards information against unauthorized or accidental modification, disclosure, fraud, and destruction.Security policies and standards, are documented and available to our employees.Collection of personal information is limited to business need and protected based on its sensitivity.Employees are required to complete privacy, security, ethics, and compliance training.Risk management processes and procedures are documented and communicated.Security IssuesHow to Submit a Security IssueContact us to submit a security issue to Principal Financial Group. Please include a description of the security issue. We may contact you with a request for more information. Business Continuity (BC) and Disaster Recovery (DR) programsWe also have a BC and DR program. Critical business functions, processes, and supporting applications have been identified and are regularly reviewed. Appropriate response and recovery plans have been developed. Testing is completed annually.The basis for the program is professional best practices established by industry organizations such as Disaster Recovery Institute International (DRII), Business Continuity Institute (BCI), and International Organization for Standardization (ISO).The technology recovery plan leverages geographically distant data centers, while the incident management process facilitates response and recovery activities by appropriately implementing plans if a disruptive event occurs.Antivirus protectionAll Windows servers and workstations have antivirus software installed, and updates to definitions are applied frequently. Our information technology managers review recurring reports to ensure compliance levels are met. All alerts are reviewed by staff in the cyber defense operations center.Patch managementWe monitor for significant new vulnerabilities and attacks that have the potential to affect our systems and apply patches and mitigations as appropriate. We have a vulnerability management practice that regularly tests our systems to ensure that they are not open to attack.Incident managementWe have processes to track, manage, and resolve all incidents. If a data security incident is discovered, a response plan is promptly initiated and executed. We adhere to all applicable state and federal disclosure laws.Cyber security insurancePrincipal has cyber security insurance. Our policy provides Network Security and Privacy Liability insurance coverage. It includes any network security or privacy event discovered during the policy period affecting a majority-owned member company of Principal and events originating from our third-party service providers.Industry collaborationPrincipal is a member of the Financial Services–Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS-ISAC). FS-ISAC is an industry forum for collaboration on critical security threats facing the global financial services industry.Vetting third-party service providersPrincipal has a defined Supplier Management Program, which includes processes for vetting, selecting, and monitoring third-party service providers. Third-party security profiles are completed when certain types of data are provided to and/or stored at a third-party location. Additional risk assessments may be completed based on the nature of the third-party service or solution provided. For example, a separate risk assessment is completed if a third party is granted access to our networks, systems, or data.Additional security practicesCall centers have procedures in place to help validate the identity of callers.Regular training is conducted with our employees on how to detect fraudulent activities.Strict standards that limit access to data are followed.Regular testing of our security controls is performed.If you have questions or comments regarding any of our security policies, procedures, or practices, please contact us.You can help protect your data, tooIn addition to the steps we take to secure your account information, your actions play a big part in protecting your data, too. Protecting your personal information can help reduce your risk of identity theft. There are 4 main ways to do it:Know who you share information withStore and dispose of your personal information securely, especially your Social Security numberAsk questions before deciding to share your personal informationMaintain appropriate security on your computers and other electronic devicesRead more from the Federal Trade Commission about how to keep your personal information secure. Choose a secure passwordChoose passwords that are not a duplicate of other personal information (e.g., Social Security number, birth date, etc.)Choose a password that is easy for you to remember, but difficult for others to guess. Do not use information about yourself that others can easily find out.When possible, use a passphrase instead of a password, making it as long as you can without using any common phrases or quotes and include characters, numbers and upper and lower case letters.Using a mobile device? We highly recommend setting a device passcode/password of at least 6 characters or using biometric features on your device.Protect your account numbers, PINs, and passwordsNever share your PINs, usernames, or passwords with anyone. Be cautious of emails or individuals who ask for this information. We will never ask for your personal password via email or telephone.If you do need to write down login information, put it in a safe and secure place. Don’t carry this information in your wallet.Identify one secure location in your home to store all of your financial records.Do not use the same passwords across web sites, especially those sites that store and process financial information. If other sites are not secure, your password could be compromised.Certain devices are eligible to enable biometric sign-on; an example is fingerprints. Use caution if you store multiple biometrics on your device, such as fingerprints from a spouse/partner or child, as those users could access mobile apps on your phone. This includes the Principal Mobile app when fingerprint is enabled.Review and balance your account statements on a regular basis. Watch for any transactions showing unfamiliar payees and amounts you do not recognize.Protect your personal computer and mobile devicesYour personal computerYour home computer is likely where you go online to check your accounts with us and do business with other companies. That’s why it’s important to protect it from viruses and spyware with antivirus software and frequently applied updates. Most major software companies regularly release updates or patches to their operating systems to prevent security problems. It’s a good idea to keep your system and applications updated with the latest patches and releases.Your mobile devicesDon’t forget about your smartphone and tablet—it’s just as important as a personal computer.Always activate a PIN or lock function for your device. This is the simplest and most important thing you can do to ensure security on your mobile device, especially if it’s lost or stolen.Use caution when downloading apps. Avoid installing applications outside of the Apple or Google app stores. Some apps can contain malware designed to steal your personal and financial information. Before you install the app, review permissions to decide if you’re comfortable granting the level of access requested by that app. It’s also a good idea to read other user reviews and comments to see if anything suspicious has been reported about the app.Protect your identityIdentity theft and identity fraud includes all types of crime where someone gets and uses another person’s personal data in a way that involves fraud or deception, usually for economic gain.For more on how to protect your identity, read these tips from the Federal Trade Commission and the IRS.Online securityUsing a wireless network at home is convenient but leaving it unsecured is an opportunity for cyber criminals to access and discover sensitive information. Make sure you use a unique passcode so your family is the only one using the network. You can also contact your wireless software vendor about stronger encryption.Read more from the Federal Trade Commission about online security. Log out of websitesAfter you sign into a website, remember to sign out. It's an easy step you can take to ensure your information doesn't end up in the wrong hands.Check your credit report regularlyWe recommend checking your credit report regularly with each of the 3 major credit bureaus.  You're entitled to one free copy of your credit report every 12 months from each of the three nationwide credit reporting companies. Order online from annualcreditreport.com, the only authorized website for free credit reports, or call 877-322-8228. You will need to provide your name, address, social security number, and date of birth to verify your identity.A credit report contains information on where you live, how you pay your bills, and whether you've been sued, arrested, or filed for bankruptcy. Nationwide consumer-reporting companies sell the information in your report to creditors, insurers, employers, and other businesses that use it to evaluate your credit.If you experience fraud or suspect a breach of an accountCall our fraud hotline at 800-642-3788 or report unethical or fraudulent activity online.
Report fraudulent or suspicious activity
Do you have a privacy or security concern to report, or have you been a victim of identity theft?
Get in touch right away