http://www.gempackfoods.ie/privacy
0
Privacy statementThis policy covers how Gem Pack Foods Ltd treats personal information that it collects and receives. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.This privacy policy only applies to Gem Pack Foods LtdThis policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Gem Pack Foods Ltd does not own or control, or to people that we do not employ or manage.Information Collection & UseGeneralGem Pack Foods collects personal information when you register with us, when you use our products or services.When you register we ask for information such as your name, email address, gender, and personal interests. When you register with us and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.We collect information about your transactions with us. Our system automatically receives and records information from your computer and browser, including your IP address Gem Pack Foods cookie information, software and hardware attributes, and the page you request.Gem Pack Foods uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. ChildrenWhen a child under age 16 attempts to register with Gem Pack Foods, we ask the child to have a parent or guardian create a Family Account to obtain parental permission. We do not contact children under age 16 for marketing purposes without a parent’s permission. We do not ask a child under age 16 for more personal information, as a condition of participation, than is reasonably necessary to participate in a given activity or promotion.Information Sharing & DisclosureGem Pack Foods does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies ever.Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and PreferencesGeneralYou can edit your Account Information including your marketing preferences.   We will send you an email at least once a year to enable you to update your profile. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to our service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and our Newsletter, that are considered part of your account, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. You can delete your account by visiting our Account unsubscribe page.Account InformationWhen you register with Gem Pack Foods or submit information to us, a temporary copy of that information is routinely made to prevent accidental loss of your information through a computer malfunction or human error. Gem Pack Foods keeps your account information active in our user registration databases in order to provide immediate access to your personalization preference each time you visit our site.If you ask us to delete your account, in most cases your account will be deactivated and then deleted from our user registration database in approximately 90 days. This delay is necessary to discourage users from engaging in fraudulent activity.Please note that any information that we have copied may remain in back-up storage for some period of time after your deletion request. This may be the case even though no account information remains in our active user databases.Servers Log FilesThe Gem Pack Foods computers (called “servers”) will send you weblinks and  process and store your details. These computer records are called “log files”. Log files are used for analysis, research, auditing, and other purposes, as described above. After this information has been used, it is stored and is inaccessible. Until the information is stored, your Gem Pack Foods ID may remain in our active server log files. IP addresses within search user log data will be anonymised or deleted within 6 months from the time of collection.Confidentiality and securityWe limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with regulations to protect personal information about you.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.Questions & SuggestionsIf you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at: info@gempackfoods.ieGem Pack Foods Ltd takes your privacy seriously.