https://www.revolution.com/cookie-policy/
Home
About
Team
News
Careers
Companies
Growth
Ventures
Places
Rise of the Rest
ROTR Seed Fund
ROTR Road Trip
Ecosystem Playbook
Contact
Culture
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Effective: September 24, 2018
Please remember that your use of the Site is at all times subject to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which incorporate this Cookie Policy.  Any terms we use in this Cookie Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
The Site use cookies and similar technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, JavaScript, and local storage. Cookies are small files – usually consisting of letters and numbers – placed on your computer, tablet, phone, or similar device, when you use that device to visit a Site. We will refer to cookies and similar technologies simply as “Cookies” for the remainder of this Cookie Policy. We use cookies to enable our servers to recognize your web browser and tell us how and when you visit and otherwise use the Site through the internet, to analyze trends, and to learn about our user base.
We may combine non-personally identifiable information collected through cookies with other personal information that we have about you, for example, to tell us who you are or whether you have an account.  We may also supplement the information we collect from you with information received from third parties in order to enhance our Site, or to offer you information that we believe may be of interest to you. Where we use Cookies to collect information that is personally identifiable, or that can become personally identifiable if we combine it with other information, the Privacy Policy will apply in addition to this Cookie Policy.
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see https://aboutcookies.org/. Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work. We strongly recommend that you leave cookies active, because they enable you to take advantage of the most attractive features of the Site.
Further information on cookies can be found at:
http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/, or
http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Please reference the chart and general description below to learn more about the kinds of cookies we use and for what purpose.
TYPES OF COOKIES and PURPOSES
We use the following types of Cookies:
Cookie Name
Purpose
Expiration Time
Facebook Pixel
Third Party (for purposes of re-targeting/ advertising)
30 days
Twitter Conversion Tracking
Third Party (for purposes of re-targeting/ advertising)
90 days
Twitter Conversion Tracking
Third Party (for purposes of re-targeting/ advertising)
60 days
Google Analytics (_ga)
Analytics and Performance
24 months
Google Analytics (_gid)
Analytics and Performance
24 hours
Google Analytics (__dc_gtm_UA-27365297-1)
Analytics and Performance
1 minute
Stackla (_gat_StacklaWidgetTracker)
Analytics and Performance
1 minute
Show_signup
Used to show/hide just once the signup popup
1 month
catAccCookies
Used to show/hide the cookie banner
1 month
_first_pageview
Used to allow certain parts of the code only fire on the first page view, making it faster and more efficient
10minutes
_jsuid
Used to better identify new and unique visitors to the website
20 years
heatmaps_g2g_100661705
This cookie tells our tracking code to log data about where a visitor is clicking on a site to send back to our servers and later used to generate a heatmap report of clicks on that page
1 hour
WordPress (wordpress_test_cookie)
Used to check whether your web browser is set to allow, or reject cookies
Session cookie (deleted when you close your web browser)
WordPress (wordpress_logged_in_xxxxx)
Used to indicate when you’re logged in, and who you are, for most interface use
Session cookie (deleted when you close your web browser)
WordPress (wp-settings-time-1)
Used to customize view of admin interface
1 year
WordPress (wp-settings-1)
Used to customize view of admin interface
1 year
Essential Cookies
These are cookies that are required to provide you with features or services that you have requested. For example, Cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our site or use a shopping cart. Disabling these Cookies will encumber the Site’s performance and may make certain features and services unavailable.
Functionality Cookies
These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our Site. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Performance/Analytical Cookies
Performance/Analytical Cookies allow us to understand how visitors use the Site such as by collecting information about the number of visitors to the Website, what pages visitors view on our Website and how long visitors are viewing pages on the Website. Performance/Analytical Cookies also help us measure the performance of our advertising campaigns in order to help us improve our campaigns and the Site’s content for those who engage with our advertising.
Retargeting/Advertising Cookies
Retargeting/Advertising Cookies collect data about your online activity and identify your interests so that we can provide advertising that we believe is relevant to you.
Third Party Cookies
These are Cookies placed by a third party on your device and may provide information to those third parties about browsing habits (including your visits to our Site, the pages you have visited and the links and advertisements you have clicked) that may help identify if certain services that such third parties provide are being used, identify your interests, retarget you and serve advertisements that are relevant to you. We do not have control or access to such Cookies. If you look at one page on our Site, an advertisement may be delivered to you on our Site or on other sites, for products referenced on that page or for similar products and services. We do not engage in retargeted advertising for children users of our Site.
Opt-out options are also available on the websites of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and the European Digital Advertising Alliance (eDAA).
Session Cookies and Persistent Cookies
The types of Cookies described above may be “session Cookies” which are temporary Cookies that are only stored on your device while you are visiting our site or “persistent Cookies” which are Cookies that are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our site. The length of time a persistent Cookie stays on your device varies from Cookie to Cookie. We use persistent Cookies to store your preferences so that they are available for the next visit, and to keep a more accurate account of how often you visit our Site, how often you return, how your use of the Site may vary over time, and measure the effectiveness of advertising efforts.  Through these Cookies, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our Site.  Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the use of the Site and customize your online experience.  Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites.  Our Site does not support DO Not Track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Site and after you leave the Site.
Google Analytics Cookie
Our Site use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”) which is based on Cookie technology. The information generated by the Cookie is usually sent to a Google server in the USA, where it is stored. On behalf of Revolution, Google will use the generated information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities, and to provide the website operator with additional services connected with website and Internet use. The IP address transmitted by your browser in connection with Google Analytics is not collated with other data by Google. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
COOKIE SETTINGS
You can decide whether or not to accept Cookies. One way you can do this is through your internet browser’s settings. To find our more information about Cookies, including information about how to manage and delete Cookies, please visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/ or http://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
To explore what Cookie setting are available to you, look in the “preferences” or “options” section of your browser’s menu.
If you have any queries regarding this Cookie Policy please contact us at media@revolution.com or write to us at Revolution, 1717 Rhode Island Ave., 10th Floor, Washington D.C. 20036, Attn:  General Counsel.
Join the Revolution! Sign up for the latest updates and news.
Read our Privacy Policy
Thank you!
Join the Revolution! Sign up for the latest updates and news.
Fill out my online form.
Thank you!
Read our Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By continuing to use Revolution.com, you accept our
use of cookies.Okay, thanks