https://www.procommvoices.com/privacy-policy/
ProComm Voices Privacy Policy
Last modified October 15, 2018.
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services, and websites offered by ProComm Studio Services, Inc. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@procommvoices.com.
We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us. However, in order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:
>       Information you provide – When you sign up for an account with ProComm Voices, we ask you for personal information such as your name, email address, and an account password. For certain services, we may also request credit card or other payment account information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers.
>       Cookies – When you visit ProComm Voices, we send one or more cookies, a small file containing a string of characters, to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, improving search results, and ad selection, and tracking user trends, such as how people search. We may set one or more cookies in your browser when you visit a website that uses our advertising cookies and view or click on an ad supported by ProComm Voices’ advertising services.
>       Log information – When you access ProComm Voices’ services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
>       User communications – When you send email or other communications to ProComm Voices, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests, and improve our services.
>       Affiliated ProComm Services on other sites – We offer some of our services on or through other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to ProComm Voices in order to deliver the service. We process such information under this Privacy Policy.
>       Third Party Applications – ProComm Voices may make available third party applications through its services. The information collected by ProComm Voices when you enable an application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the application provider is governed by their privacy policies.
>       Links – ProComm Voices may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content, and advertising.
>       Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to ProComm Voices’ services only. We do not exercise control over sites that include ProComm Voices applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you.
ProComm Voices only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and/or the supplementary privacy notices for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include:
>       Providing our services, including the display of customized content and advertising.
>       Auditing, research, and analysis in order to maintain, protect, and improve our services.
>       Ensuring the technical functioning of our network.
>       Protecting the rights or property of ProComm Voices or our users.
>       Developing new services.
Choices for personal information
When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy and/or in the specific service privacy notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy and/or in the supplementary service privacy notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some ProComm Voices features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case ProComm Voices may not be able to provide those services to you.
Information sharing
ProComm Voices only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of ProComm Voices in the following limited circumstances:
>       We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
>       We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of ProComm, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
If ProComm Voices becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such transactions and provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.  Please contact us at privacy@procommvoices.com for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, processing practices, and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to ProComm Voices employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution if they fail to meet these obligations.
Data integrity
ProComm Voices processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage, and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services or as otherwise permitted under this Policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
Accessing and updating personal information
When you use ProComm Voices’ services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected, or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct, or delete users’ personal information.
Enforcement
ProComm Voices regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or ProComm Voices’ treatment of personal information by contacting us at privacy@procommvoices.com.
When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is ProComm Voices’ policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between ProComm Voices and an individual.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page, and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes. Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.