http://www.hanbayinc.com/en/privacy.html
Tel: 1 800 315 4461
Get Started
Get Started
×
About Us
Actuators
Careers
Contact Us
Home
Industries
News
Partnumber Guide
3D Drawings
Spec Sheets
Testimonials
User Manuals
Valve Calculator
Valve Theory
Videos
Home
Welcome to Hanbay
Hanbay's expertise is in precise valve automation. Call us 1-800-315-4461 and tell us about your valve application.
Actuators
Multi-Turn Actuators
Quarter-Turn Actuators
Hazloc Enclosure  Multi-Turn Actuators
Hazloc Enclosure  Quarter-Turn Actuators
Fail-Safe models
Linear models
Custom Actuators
Product Info
Spec Sheets
User Manuals
Part Number Guide
3D Drawings
Valve Calculator
Valve Theory
About Us
Industries
News & Events
Videos
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Hanbay Inc General Web Site Privacy Statement
Hanbay Inc has a long-standing commitment to safeguard the privacy of information entrusted to us. The privacy principles and procedures set forth below are intended to tell you how we collect, use, and distribute user information via our primary public web site (www.hanbayinc.com). This statement does not cover information collected from sources other than Hanbay Inc’s web site.
Hanbay Inc General Web Site Privacy Statement covers the following topics:
Types and uses of personal information
If you use this web site, personally identifiable information about you may be collected and processed by Hanbay Inc employees. In general, we only collect such information (such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and type of business) when you knowingly provide it to us. Additionally, Hanbay Inc may automatically collect or process personally identifiable data (such as your Internet domain or IP address) as part of the operation of this web site or during the course of your activities on or use of this web site. In nearly all cases this data may be collected or processed by, and transferred to, Hanbay Inc facilities in Canada, United States and Switzerland where Hanbay Inc does business; the data is then subject to the legal systems of those countries. By using this web site (which resides in part on servers located in Canada and United States), you unambiguously consent to any collection, processing, transfer or use of any personal data. If you do not consent to any collection, processing, transfer or use of such information, please discontinue use of this web site.
Third parties websites
Without the user's consent, Hanbay Inc will not sell, trade, or disclose the user's personally identifiable information to third parties that want to market products to the user. However, Hanbay Inc may disclose information to third parties assisting us in carrying out a transaction or providing a service for you (e.g., packaging, sending and delivering purchases and information to you, clearing credit card transactions, or performing statistical analyses of our services), or in connection with merger and acquisition discussions. Additionally, Hanbay Inc may disclose information when required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process, or in response to activities that are unlawful or a violation of Hanbay Inc rules for use of the web site, or to protect and defend the rights or property of Hanbay Inc.
Security measures
Hanbay Inc has implemented technological and operational security processes to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration, or unintentional destruction. While no security measure can guarantee against compromise, Hanbay Inc regularly reviews and updates its security measures in an effort to provide appropriate security for all information held by Hanbay Inc.
Modifications to statement
Hanbay Inc reserves the right to change, modify, or update this statement at any time without notice. We indicate the date of the current statement below, so you know when it was last updated.
Data retention
Hanbay Inc will not retain your personal information longer than is necessary for the purpose it was collected.
Linked Web sites
We provide links to third party sites. Since we do not control these web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy statement posted on these (and all) third party sites. Hanbay Inc is not responsible for the privacy statements or practices of sites and services controlled by other companies or organizations.
Use of cookies
Hanbay Inc may use "cookies" in connection with operation of its web sites. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer by the Hanbay Inc web site server. In general, we do not use cookies to track the navigational habits of identified users without the user's consent. If you visit our sites to read or download content, much of the information we do collect is statistical only (e.g., the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our site) and not personally identifiable. We use this information about the number of visitors and their use of the sites in aggregate form to make our sites more useful and attractive to you.The use of cookies is common in the industry, and they are used at most major web sites. You may wish to adjust your Web browser to inform you whenever a cookie is to be used, or to reject all cookies automatically. However, if you elect not to accept cookies, some parts of the web site may not function properly or permit access.
Consent
Hanbay understands the goal of the anti-spam legislation in Canada is to deter damaging and misleading forms of spam. Hanbay realizes that education and awareness are the key to ensuring the right steps are taken to combat spam. Hanbay will ensure that network security program, spam filters and anti-virus software is utilized at all times on all company computers and related technologies. In order to achieve the goals of the anti-spam legislation, Hanbay will ensure to act in compliance with Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation. In order to ensure compliance, commercial electronic messages (email marketing) done by Hanbay will be based on a consumer opt-in approach. Hanbay will gain consent for commercial electronic messages purposes prior to sending commercial messages (including emails), unless we have a pre-existing business relationship with the client, candidate, business partner, independent contractor, or affiliate, as in these particular cases consent is considered to be implied. Hanbay shall ensure the following practices are followed when using electronic messaging for marketing purposes:
Maintain rigorous email list management practices
Include all essential company information predominantly within the
message such as our name and contact information (including address
and phone number)
Include an opt-in approach to allow subscribers to confirm they want
Hanbay’s messages
Include an opt-out (or unsubscribe) message that is simple and
conspicuous within the email
Contact information
Customers should direct comments or questions regarding this statement to Hanbay Inc
employees to their Personnel representative; all other inquiries should be directed here.
Last updated: July 22, 2020
Hanbay Inc
Since 2004, Hanbay's advanced, precise and miniature valve actuators have modernized the electric valve actuator market. Today, Hanbay is at the forefront of the valve automation industry, manufacturing electric valve actuators that can be used in any application. Control any valve or pressure regulator with precise rotary or linear automation. Tell us about your valve application. We can automate anything. View ourproduct line.
© Copyright 2020 HANBAY Inc | Privacy Policy