http://www.cattlesoft.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
CattleMax cattle software
The Cattle Tags Store
The Cattle Scales Store
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cattlesoft Inc. Privacy Statement
Cattlesoft, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy online. Below is a brief overview of the highlights of our Privacy Policy. This will give you a summary about how information is collected from you and how it is used .
How Information is Used
We respect your privacy, and we pledge that any personal information you provide will be held in the strictest of confidence. We do not sell or rent your personal information to others. We use customer information we collect only for the purposes of enhancing the operation of our site and to administer our systems. Your contact information will be used only by Cattlesoft, Inc. and will not be distributed to any outside parties.
Use of Cookies
Cattlesoft, Inc. uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. The cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by Cattlesoft, Inc. to help track your clicks as you go through the pages within the Cattlesoft site. The cookies make your use of the site easier, and make the site run more smoothly.
General Browsing
Cattlesoft, Inc. gathers navigational information about where you go on our Web site. This information allows us to see which areas of the web site are most visited. Additional non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider, IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding your use of our Web site (such as the time of your last visit to a page on our site).
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. Cattlesoft is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites
Registration Forms
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), and financial information (like their bank account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the registration forms is used to ship purchases, information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from our partners, and us. You can
E-mail us.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. You can
E-mail us.
© 2018 Cattlesoft Inc.
Privacy Policy
•
Contact Us