https://www.thompsonplans.com/privacy-policy/
Rick Thompson – Architect
House Plans by Architect Rick Thompson
Keep in Touch:
Find Us on Facebook
Email Newsletter
Menu
House Plans
Standard Series
Green
LEED for Homes
Sustainable Series
Direct Gain Approach
Indirect Gain Approach
Isolated Gain Approach
Passive House Plan Details
Active solar
Zero Energy Home (ZEH)
Site Considerations
Orientation
Shading
Solar References
Universal Design
Accessible House Plan Details
Accessible/Universal Design References
About Us
Misc. Stuff
Personal Projects
Lake Junaluska NC
The Barn
Dianne’s Studio
Former Office
Rosewood – Atlanta
Links
Architecturally Responsible
Building Resources
House Plan Resources
IT Resources
Miscellaneous
F.A.Q.
Contact Info.
Blog
Browse Plans
Direct via Plan #:
Go
or Advanced Search »
Standard House Plans
New House Plans
Under 1000 sqft
1000 to 1099 sqft
1100 to 1199 sqft
1200 to 1299 sqft
1300 to 1399 sqft
1400 to 1499 sqft
1500 to 1599 sqft
1600 to 1699 sqft
1700 to 1799 sqft
1800 to 1999 sqft
2000+ sqft
Duplex House Plans
Garage Plans
Sustainable House Plans
Universal Design Plans
Under 1000 sqft
1000 to 1099 sqft
1100 to 1199 sqft
1200 to 1299 sqft
1300 to 1499 sqft
1500+ sqft
HOME
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective March 28, 2009
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the thompsonplans.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Business Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself or when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive email updates about newly added plans, products or website features. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us (see How To Contact Us below). You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 828-627-1479 or send us an email using this website’s contact form.
Contact Us
Blog
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Newsletter
Unsubscribe
©2020 Rick Thompson Architect
| Web Development by MindPalette