http://www.centuryspring.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy PolicyJosh Winkler2018-02-21T23:25:03-08:00
INTRODUCTION
We want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
WEBSITE ADMINISTRATION
Business name: Century Spring Corp.
Address: 222 East 16th Street
City: Los Angeles
State/Province: California
ZIP: 90015
Country: USA
Website URL: http://www.centuryspring.com Website e-mail: info@centuryspring.com
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We respect each site visitor’s right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this Web site.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
The information we collect is:
used to improve the content of our Web page
used to notify visitors about updates to our Web site
never shared with other organizations for commercial purposes
This site collects cookies. (Definition of Cookies) In order to use this website, visitors and/or members are not required to complete any of our forms.
By submitting forms from this Web site, a user must give certain contact information, but we never sell or give away this information. It is only gathered to contact the user about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information (income level, gender, etc.), and unique identifiers (username, password, etc.). Giving additional information helps provide a more personalized experience on our site, but is not required.
Registration is not required to enter our site.
This site contains order, feedback and credit application forms. We require information from the user on our forms. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and possibly financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). If we have trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact the user. This information is used:
for shipping and billing purposes
to fill customer´s orders
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors of this feature through a pop-up screen on our site.
We maintain databases for the purpose of contact and delivery of Century Spring’s goods and services but never sell or share our customers’ contact information.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to:
• this privacy statement.
CONFLICT RESOLUTION
We are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 hours. If problems arise, users may contact us by:
email at info@centuryspring.com
telephone at 800-237-5225
CONTACT INFORMATION
If site users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
info@centuryspring.com
Postal Address:
Century Spring Corp.
222 East 16th Street
Los Angeles, California 90015
USA
Web site URL: http://www.centuryspring.com
Within the “Credit Application Form” we collect information on you and your business so we can determine whether you meet our requirements for establishing an open credit account.
If you have questions or concerns please email us at info@centuryspring.com.
Cookies: Persistent Client-State HTTP Cookies are files containing information about visitors to a web site (e.g. user name and preferences). This information is provided by the user during the first visit to a web server. The server records this information in a text file and stores this file on the visitor’s hard drive. When the visitor accesses the same web site again the server looks for the cookie and configures itself based on the information provided.