http://www.onepointtwo.com/privacy-policy
1. Introduction
We, One Point Two (China) Limited, take protection of your personal data extremely seriously and strictly adhere to the rules laid out by the latest data protection laws. The following policy provides an overview of how we ensure this protection and what kind of data is collected for what purpose.
2. Collection of Personal Data
Below we provide information about the collection of personal data when using the One Point Two (China) Limited website. Personal data is any data that can personally reference you, such as your name, email addresses and/or user interaction with the website.
3. Data Security
We maintain technical measures to ensure data security, in particular to protect your personal data from threats when transmitting data as well as from third party access. These measures are constantly measured and revised.
4. Collection of Personal Data for Use of the Website
We use cookies to collect data for a third party tracking service where the data is anonymised and process only by the third party, and not shared with anyone else.
5. Legitimate Interest
We are collecting your information to respond to your request and no other reason. Such data will not be transferred to third parties unless this is specifically requested by yourself.
6. Right to Obtain Information and Revocation
You have the right to request information from us about the data stored about you with us at any time, as well as to their origin, recipients or categories of recipients to whom this data is transmitted, and the storage purpose. If you have given consent for the use of data, you can revoke this consent at any time. All requests and enquiries for information or objections for data processing should be sent by email to the address specified below.
7. Additional Information
Your trust is important to us. That is why we are always available to talk with you at any time and answer any questions concerning how your data is processed. If you have any questions that could not be answered by this privacy policy or if you wish to receive more in depth information about any topic within it, please contact the Data Protection Officer at any time at mail@onepointtwo.com.
8. Address
One Point Two (China) Limited,
Unit B 11 & 12 The Old Church School,
Butts Hill,
Frome,
Somerset,
BA11 1HR
Phone 01225 460 388
E-Mail mail@onepointtwo.com
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
CookieDescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analyticsThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The purpose of this cookie is to check whether or not the user has given the consent to the usage of cookies under the category 'Analytics'.cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-non-necessaryThis cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Non Necessary".viewed_cookie_policyThe cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data.
Analytics
Analytics cookies help us understand how our visitors interact with the website. It helps us understand the number of visitors, where the visitors are coming from, and the pages they navigate. The cookies collect this data and are reported anonymously.
CookieDescription_gaThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, camapign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assigns a randoly generated number to identify unique visitors._gat_gtag_UA_4764630_1Google uses this cookie to distinguish users._gidThis cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the wbsite is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages viisted in an anonymous form.
Save & Accept