http://www.astrazeneca.com/investor-relations/dividend-policy.html
Skip to content
skip to navigation
Search
Menu
Search
Search
Search
Close
What science can do
R&D
R&D
Our approach
Transformative science
Data science & AI
Our technologies
Next generation therapeutics
Publications
R&D strategic centres
Our therapy areas
All therapy areas
Oncology
Cardiovascular, Renal and Metabolism
Respiratory & Immunology
Other disease areas
Pipeline
All medicines
Our company
Our company
Our strategy
Our people
Our commitment to patients
Leadership team
Cambridge
Gothenburg
Gaithersburg
Careers
Investors
Investor Relations (Global)
Investor Relations (Sweden)
Stock Exchange announcements
Results and presentations
Annual Reports
Governance
Shareholder information
Dividend policy
Key facts
FAQs
Debt Investors
ADR Programme
Media
Press Releases
Media centre
Articles
Image library
COVID-19 visual resources
Broadcast videos
Archive
Media contacts
Sustainability
Sustainability
Access to healthcare
Environmental protection
Ethics and transparency
Resources
Partnering
Partnering with AstraZeneca
Our Partnering teams
Our areas of partnering interest
Why partner with AstraZeneca?
Secrets to successful partnering
Supplier Information
More
Hide
AstraZeneca Websites
Global site
Investor relations
Investor relations
Stock Exchange announcements
Results and presentations
Annual Reports
Governance
Shareholder information
Dividend policy
Key facts
FAQs
Debt Investors
ADR programme
More
Dividend policy
The Board has adopted a progressive dividend policy, intending to maintain or grow the dividend each year but, recognising that some earnings fluctuations are to be expected, the annual dividend will reflect the Board’s view of the earnings prospects over the entirety of the investment cycle.
The Board’s aim is to continue to strike a balance between the interests of the business, financial creditors and the Company’s shareholders. After providing for investment in the business, supporting the progressive dividend policy and maintaining a strong, investment-grade credit rating, the Board will keep under review potential investment in immediately earnings-accretive, value-enhancing opportunities.
Announcement & payment of dividends
Dividends will normally be paid twice a year, with a greater proportion paid as a second interim.
First interim: announced with second quarter and half year results and paid in September
Second interim: announced with fourth quarter and full year results and paid in March
Dividend calculator & history
To calculate the value of your previous dividend payment, or to look-up recently announced dividends, please use the dividend calculator.
Exchange rates
Exchange rates used to convert dividend payments, announced in USD, GBP and SEK are based on the rates on the day prior to the dividend announcement.
Dividend questions
Please refer to the dividend FAQ for common questions regarding dividend payments.
Most recent dividend announcement
The first interim dividend 2020 announced on Thursday 30 July 2020.
Dividend dates
Ex dividend date (Ordinary Shares & American Depositary Shares)
13 August 2020
Record date
14 August 2020
Payment date
14 September 2020
Dividend rates
GBP
0.696
USD
0.90
SEK
7.87
*For holders of American Depositary Shares (ADSs) this equates to $0.45 per ADS.
Following the ratio change to the Company’s Nasdaq-listed sponsored Level 2 American Depositary Receipt programme on 27 July 2015, two ADSs equal one Ordinary Share.
Annual Reports
Our Annual Report provides a wide range of information about our global business.
View Annual Reports
Our Pipeline
Our pipeline forms a robust portfolio of investigational therapies in varied stages of clinical development
View pipeline
Shareholder FAQs
Answers to frequently asked shareholder questions.
View FAQs
You are now leaving AstraZeneca.com
You have selected a link that will take you to a site maintained by a third party who is solely responsible for its contents.
AstraZeneca provides this link as a service to website visitors. AstraZeneca is not responsible for the privacy policy of any third party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
Click ‘cancel’ to return to AstraZeneca’s site or ‘continue’ to proceed.
Cancel
Continue
?
Important notice for users
You are about to access AstraZeneca historic archive material. Any reference in these archives to AstraZeneca products or their uses may not reflect current medical knowledge and should not be used as a source of information on the present product label, efficacy data or safety data. Please refer to your approved national product label (SmPC) for current product information.
I have read this warning and will not be using any of the contained product information for clinical purposes.
I disagree
I agree
?
?