http://www.co-united.org/policies-notices
859-331-3447 | 800-964-8205 | NMLS # 505466
Privacy Disclosure – With Joint Marketing Agreements
C&O United Credit Union collects nonpublic information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us or others;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency; and
Information we receive when verifying information you have provided us.
We may disclose all of the information we collect about our members and former members as described above to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We may also disclose nonpublic personal information about our members and former members to non-affiliated third parties as permitted by law.
C&O United Credit Union restricts access to your personal and account information to those employees, directors and supervisory committee members who need to know that information to provide products or services to you or perform their duties under federal or state regulations. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Opt Out: Please send us an email to info@co-united.org expressing your desire to opt out of future marketing materials from any third parties. If you are on a computer with email software configured for your browser you may Opt Out Here.
Credit Union Privacy Policy – With Joint Marketing Agreements
Statement of Philosophy
C&O United Credit Union is committed to making available financial products and services that will enable our members to meet their financial needs and reach their financial goals. Protecting personal information and using it in a manner consistent with our members’ expectations is a high priority for everyone associated with our credit union. As members of C&O United Credit Union, our members also have a responsibility to safeguard their financial information. To ensure that our members can rely upon the quality of products and services we make available, C&O United Credit Union stands behind the following policy:
Privacy Policy
Our Credit Union will only collect the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business. That means just what is necessary to provide competitive financial products and services and to safeguard the assets of the Credit Union.
Our Credit Union will protect our members’ and former members’ personal information. Our Credit Union will maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected. Where appropriate, we will use security coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions, and protect member confidentiality. The Credit Union shall restrict access to member information to those employees, directors and other volunteers who have need for it to provide products and services to the members or to fulfill their legal or fiduciary responsibilities. Credit Union employees and volunteers will be informed of their responsibility to protect confidential member information and are bound by this Privacy Policy.
C&O United Credit Union will not disclose nonpublic personal information (as defined in NCUA Rules & Regulations, Part 716) to non-affiliated third parties except:
When the member authorizes the disclosure;
When the disclosure is authorized by applicable law;
When such disclosure is required to complete a transaction;
When complying with any court order, applicable law or regulation;
To verify the existence and condition of an account for a third party as permitted by law;
When the Credit Union has a joint marketing agreement with a third party financial institution (example: an insurance company ), the third party financial institution is contractually obligated to keep any disclosed nonpublic personal information confidential and to use the information only for the purpose of the joint marketing agreement.
C&O United Credit Union will not share information with non-affiliated businesses. Under no circumstances will we authorize any firm to access our members’ account without our member’s express consent and the Credit Union will not sell member information to telemarketing firms.
The Credit Union shall not be responsible for the privacy practices or content of any web site linked to C&O United Credit Union’s website.
The Credit Union will provide and maintain a document shredder in each office for the safety, privacy and convenience of our members.