https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/b2b-technology/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Solutions for B2B tech companies
We help you drive growth in the B2B technology space
Use our data, services, and technology to improve your own products, strengthen demand generation, and shorten sales cycles by targeting the right buyers for your products.
Contact us
Keep your sales pipeline full
Use Data Axle’s lead generation services to drive verified leads for your sales team, enriched with intent data that identifies prospects who are in the market for your products or services. You get contact-level information for decision makers and buying groups within your target company so you can sell to the right people.
Learn more about B2B lead generation
"No client use case is the same. We work strategically with our clients to ensure their needs are met from a data and technology perspective so that they can maintain competitive advantages with creative and innovative solutions."
Bob Toth, SVP & GM, Data Licensing
Data Axle
Help channel partners be more successful
Work with Data Axle’s team to provide channel partners with business and consumer data as well as marketing services they can activate across all of their digital programs to increase effectiveness.
Get started
Keep your CRM data clean
Enrich your CRM platform using Data Axle’s top-rated business database. Update records in real time, clean inaccurate information from your records and append new attributes including contact names, job titles, email addresses, annual revenue, and other key insights that are important to support account based marketing (ABM) strategies.
Learn more about our CRM integrations
Use our data as an ingredient in your own products
Use Data Axle’s databases to add accurate, detailed information on businesses and consumers into your products to power an optimal user experience in real-time, or expand the functionality of a product or feature.
Learn more about Data Licensing
Refine strategy with data-driven insights
Use Data Axle’s data to identify product gaps or new audience segments that can lead to incremental revenue growth or on opportunity to design and test new products and features. Our analysts can help you perform a full back-end analysis using your CRM data to truly measure ROI of your marketing programs.
Learn more
Know when customers are ready to buy
Optimize your use of behavioral and intent data to detect when a company is ready to buy, and use account based marketing (ABM) to target multiple buyers in that organization across channels to increase reach the right person at the right time. Strengthen your outreach by using data about the software, equipment, and vendor relationships they already have.
Learn more about our intent data
Marketing lists available for B2B tech companies:
BNP Media Business Database
View data card
AC Business Media Database
View data card
GlobalSpec
U.S. Database
View data card
Endeavor Business Media Database
View data card
Reach out to talk with us about the best B2B Tech solutions for your business
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.
Related content
webinar
Email design strategies that boost conversion rates
Email is a proven revenue-generator, driving – on average – more than 50 times its return on investment.
Watch webinar
blog
Master data management: the forgotten foundation of marketing technology
In the past 25 years, digital marketing capabilities have evolved from batch and blast email and static banner ads, to triggered messages, dynamic & programmatic bidding much more
Read on
blog
Intent matters: leveraging data & signals to target audiences
A marketer needs two things to successfully target an in-market audience before anyone else: Recognition and speed.
Read on