https://www.montalvo.com/privacy-policy/
Home/Privacy Policy
Introduction
We appreciate the trust you place in us when sharing your personal data. The security of your data is of the utmost priority to us. In this policy, we will explain how we collect, use, and protect your personal data.
Privacy Notice
Who Are We?
The Montalvo Corporation is an international leader in the production of web tension control products including, but not limited to, load cells tension controllers, sensors, amplifiers, tension brakes and clutches, tension indicators, and safety chucks. The Montalvo Corporation determines what data is collected, how the data is going to be used, and how this data is protected.
Our registered office address is:
The Montalvo Corporation
50 Hutcherson Dr., Gorham, ME USA 04038
If you have any questions about how we process personal data or would like to exercise your data subject right, please contact or email us at:
Bryon Williams, The Montalvo Corporation
+1-207-856-2501
bmw@montalvo.com
Companies and Websites within Scope
The following companies and websites are within scope for this privacy policy:
The Montalvo Corporation
www.montalvo.com
www.montalvo.eu
www.montalvo.de
Collection of Personal Data
We collect personal data from you for one of more of the following purposes:
To provide you with information and guidance that you have requested or which we think may be relevant to a subject in which you had demonstrated an interest.
To initiate and complete commercial transactions with you, or the entity that you represent, for the purchase of products and/or services.
To manage any communication between you and us currently and in the future.
Technical Information
In addition, and to ensure that each visitor to our website can use and navigate the site effectively, we collect the following:
Technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your device to the Internet
Information about your visit, including the Uniform Resource Locators (URL) of the documents you download.
Lawful Basis for the Processing of Personal Data
The table below provide more detail about the data that we collect for each of these purposes, the lawful basis for doing so, and the period for which we will retain each type of data. Our business architecture, accounting and systems infrastructure and compliance organization means that all personal data is processed on common, Group-wide platforms. We have processes in place to make sure that only those people in our organization who need to access your data can do so. A number of data elements are collected for multiple purposes, as the table below shows.
Purpose of Collection
Information Category
Data Collected
Purpose for Collection
Lawful Basis for Processing
Data Shared With
Retention Period
To provide information and guidance
Subject matter information
Name, company, email, business address, country, state, zip, reference url
To provide appropriate and further online or email information about products and services that has been downloaded, and identify further requirements
Legitimate Interest
Internally Only
Relevant statutes of limitation
Telephone number
Follow up to ensure downloaded information meets needs and identify further requirements
Legitimate Interest
Internally Only
Relevant statutes of limitation
Personal contact information as provided through website forms or at tradeshows or any other means
General mailing subscription
Consent
Internally Only
Relevant statutes of limitation
Transactional information
Transaction details
Name, physical address, email address, telephone number, bank account details (for credit accounts), other medium of content delivery
To process purchases orders for products and/or services, and to ensure any transaction issues can be dealt with.
For accounting and tax purposes
Documentation should any legal claim arise
Contractual performance
Statutory obligation
Legitimate interest
Internally only
Internally and professional advisors
Internally and profrofessional advisors
Relevant statutes of limitation
Payment card data
Primary account number (PAN), cardholder name, service code, expiration date
To fulfill purchase requests using payment cards
Contractual performance
Payment card companies, all in line with PCI DSS
Retained on while authorization is pending or requested to keep on file for future purchases (then kept until request for deletion)
Communication
Contact information
Name, company, phone, email, address, country, state, zip
To communicate with you about any issue that you raise with us or which follows from an interaction between us.
Legitimate Interest
Internally Only
Relevant statutes of limitation
Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified. Consent is required for The Montalvo Corporation to process both types of personal data, but it must be explicitly given. Where we are asking you for sensitive personal data we will always tell you why and how the information will be used.
You may withdraw consent at any time by unsubscribing from communications or emailing us your request for personal data deletion.
Disclosure
The Montalvo Corporation will share some data with third parties and, where this happens, it is identified in the table above.
Retention Period
The Montalvo Corporation will process personal data at the start of our business interaction with and will store the personal data until requested to delete this data.
Your Rights as a Data Subject
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights:
Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances, you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records.
Right to the restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organization.
Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing.
Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling.
Right to judicial review: In the event that Montalvo refuses your request under rights of access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. You have the right to complain as outlined in the section below.
Complaints
Should you wish to discuss a complaint, please feel free to contact us using the details provided above. All complaints will be treated in a confidential manner.
Should you feel unsatisfied with our handling of your data, or about any complaints that you have made to us about our handling of your data, you are entitled to escalate your complaint to a supervisory authority with the European Union.
Security Measures
Montalvo Corporation currently complies with applicable data protection regulations and is committed to GDPR compliance across its relevant services. Montalvo Corporation security infrastructure has been built to Microsoft best practices utilizing industry leading current generation hardware and is dedicated to keeping such due diligence current and carrying out re-assessments periodically and/or as required by changed circumstances.
We have what we believe are appropriate security controls in place to protect personal data. We do not however, have any control over what happens between your device and the boundary of our information infrastructure. We accept no liability in respect to breaches that occur beyond our sphere of control.
Contact Us
If you have any comments or questions about this privacy policy or how we handle your personal data please email us at bmw@montalvo.com.
You may also contact us at our corporate headquarters using the following information
The Montalvo Corporation
50 Hutcherson Dr.
Gorham, ME USA 04038
Telephone: 1-800-226-8710
Email: info@montalvo.com
Our office hours are Monday through Friday 8am to 5pm Eastern
Contact an Applications Specialist today to discuss your current application and learn more about how we can increase your productivity, efficiency, and profitability!
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks