https://www.articad.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home|Privacy Policy
The purpose of this statement is to provide information regarding how and why ArtiCAD collect, process and store data, as well as providing the appropriate contact information should you wish to request the information we hold about you, withdraw from processing or request deletion of any data we hold about you.
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) there are six lawful bases for processing personal data.  These are detailed as follows:
Consent – the individual has given clear consent for you to process their personal data for a specific purpose
Contract – the processing is necessary for a contract you have with the individual, or because they have asked you to take specific steps before entering into a contract
Legal Obligation – the processing is necessary for you to comply with the law (not including contractual obligations)
Vital Interests – the processing is necessary to protect someone’s life
Public Task – the processing is necessary for you to perform a task in the public interest or for your official functions, and the task or function has a clear basis in law
Legitimate Interests – the processing is necessary for your legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party unless there is a good reason to protect the individual’s personal data which overrides those legitimate interests. (This cannot apply if you are a public authority processing data to perform your official tasks.)
Further information regarding the lawful basis for processing personal data can be found at ico.org.uk
ArtiCAD Marketing and Sales Data
ArtiCAD has assessed all six grounds for lawful processing of personal data and has selected ‘Legitimate Interests’ as the most suitable lawful ground for the processing of data for the purposes of ArtiCAD marketing and sales.
ArtiCAD collects, processes and stores data relating to businesses and decision makers. We believe that the individuals that we process the data of, are likely to have an interest in ArtiCAD products and/or services. Deemed as ‘Legitimate Interest’ this is based upon specific criteria including the business industry sector, size of organisation as well as the individual’s job function within the organisation. Our typical segmentation includes those within marketing, sales, business development, MD and owner-related job functions, although this list is not exhaustive and other variables may apply.
We will only ever collect, process and store the essential information required for making contact with the data subjects within a business environment. The personal data we collect is limited to first name, last name, email address as well as business IP address. Other business related data may also be processed including business name, job function, turnover and business address. However we will never collect further personal data such as those classified under ‘Sensitive Personal Data’.
The data collected will be used to communicate marketing and sales messages relating to the ArtiCAD product, based upon the job function held by the data subject. ArtiCAD specifically only sends messages to those we believe are likely to be interested in ArtiCAD’s products/services based upon the organisation they are employed by and based upon their job function within that organisation. Messages from ArtiCAD could be delivered via email, social media, via telephone or any other business to business (B2B) marketing methods that may be relevant.
When you send ArtiCAD an enquiry or booking form via our website you will be asked to provide your contact details. We will use the data you provide to process your request and may use it to inform you by email, telephone or mail about other ArtiCAD products and services that we feel may be of interest to you, it is deemed that as you have visited the ArtiCAD website and provided us with your contact information that you are legitimately interested in our products and services. You have the right to object from any method of correspondence at any time, using the unsubscribe button on an email, by informing the telephone operator or by contacting us via any of the methods below.
How we Procure Data
At ArtiCAD we procure data in a variety of ways, collected in line with the lawful basis of ‘Legitimate Interests’.  If you have received correspondence from us, we will have procured your data in one of the following ways:
You have requested information from ArtiCAD on a previous occasion
Someone has sent us your e-mail address requesting information about our articles and/or services be sent to you
You or someone else has expressly shared your contact details with us for the purpose of receiving information now and/or in the future
We have previously met at an event and your business card or contact details were handed to us willingly
You or a business colleague has visited our website and we believe that there is a genuine legitimate interest in our services
You have previously connected with a member of our team via social media, including LinkedIn and discussed our services
A member of our team has found your business and your contact details online, believing that your business would genuinely be interested in ArtiCAD products/services. Based upon your job function aligning with our typical customer profiles, they have made contact to introduce you to our products/services
Your data has been purchased by a registered third party data supplier, which will have been segmented by industry, organisation size and job function based upon our typical customer profiles. (Due diligence checks around GDPR compliance will have been conducted accordingly)
You have registered an interest on our website.
Legitimate Interest Assessment (LIA)
ArtiCAD has carried out a Legitimate Interest Assessment (LIA), as advised by the ICO. Based upon that assessment, it is deemed that the rights and freedoms of the data subjects would not be overridden in our correspondence regarding ArtiCAD and that in no way would a data subject be caused harm by our correspondence.
Based upon our segmentation by organisation and by specific job function, coupled with our processing of personal data within the context of a business environment, we believe that any individual that receives correspondence from ArtiCAD in a direct marketing or sales capacity, could be legitimately interested in ArtiCAD’s products/services.  It is also deemed that direct marketing and sales is necessary in the context of promoting ArtiCAD to professionals in business in order to increase awareness of our solutions in the marketplace.
In accordance with the ICO guidance, ArtiCAD can confirm:
We have checked that Legitimate Interests is the most appropriate basis
We understand our responsibility to protect the individual’s interests
We have conducted a Legitimate Interests Assessment (LIA) and kept a record of it, to ensure that we can justify our decision
We have identified the relevant Legitimate Interests
We have checked that the processing is necessary and there is no less intrusive way to achieve the same result
We have performed a balancing test, and are confident that the individual’s interests do not override those Legitimate Interests
We only use individuals’ data in ways they would reasonably expect
We are not using people’s data in ways they would find intrusive or which could cause them harm
We do not process the data of children
We have considered safeguards to reduce the impact where possible
We will always ensure there is an opt-out / ability to object
Our LIA did not identify a significant privacy impact, and therefore we do not require a DPIA
We keep our LIA under review every six months, and will repeat it if circumstances change
We include information about our Legitimate Interests in our privacy notice
ArtiCAD has an in-house data verification team, responsible for ensuring the validity and quality of the data contained within the ArtiCAD Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system.  The team continually cleanse the data held within the CRM system, completing a full cleanse cycle at least once every 12 months. Any records found to be out of date are placed into a deletion queue which is securely purged four times in a 12 month period.
Sharing your Data
We may on occasion be required to share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf. We may also provide your company name and address to our Supplier Partners whose graphics or catalogues you have requested and/or downloaded. This is so they may give us permission to release these graphics or catalogues to you. We have ensured that these parties keep all your personal information secure and use it only for the purposes that we have requested.
We may also share your personal data with third parties in the context of the negotiations for a sale or restructuring of the business.   We share information with government and law enforcement agencies as required or permitted by law.
Where we use third parties to provide services on our behalf, including (but not limited to) IT support, data analytics, cloud storage, email exchange and website hosting and, where applicable, other businesses and agents, such as debt collection agencies, who act on our behalf. We share your information to the extent necessary to perform those services. All our third-party service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in line with data protection legislation. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your device. These files store information that we use to help our site work effectively. They do not transmit viruses or malware.
We use three types of cookies on our site:
Preference – these cookies store your site preferences such as location and language choice
Security – these cookies protect your personal data and allow us to access your account securely
Analytics – these cookies collect data such as page visits, session length and browser use to monitor the performance of our site. The information we collect is anonymous and is only accessible to us
We use cookies to differentiate between you and other site users and to ensure you have the best experience on our site and to gather statistics about the visits on the website.
We use Google Analytics and Zoho Sales IQ to perform this analysis.
Google Analytics lets ArtiCAD know the number of visitors visiting our website site, how visitors use the site and how they access the various pages.
The data generated by these cookies include:
Your use of the site (what pages you visit, frequency of visits)
IP address to determine in which town/city visitors are physically located. This data is anonymised immediately after being gathered and is not communicated to ArtiCAD.
Zoho Sales IQ lets ArtiCAD know which companies have visited our website, and which pages they have visited, time spent on each page.
The data generated by these cookies include:
Your use of the site (what pages you visit, frequency of visits)
Company name derived from your IP address
You can opt to turn off all cookies on our site, or you can amend your browser settings, so you receive a notification every time a cookie is set.
If you choose to turn cookies off completely, you will be unable to access features which optimise your experience of our site. Some services may also not function fully.
Data Storage and Retention
The data held within the ArtiCAD CRM system is processed and stored in the UK within a secure environment.
ArtiCAD has a continual cycle of cleansing and refreshing data contained with our CRM system, all data is verified at least once in a 12-month cycle.  Any invalid records are placed into a deletion queue, which is then securely purged four times in a 12 month period.
Request to Object
In all correspondence with you we will give you the right to object from receiving further correspondence from ArtiCAD. On any emails you receive from ArtiCAD, there is the option to ‘unsubscribe’ from receiving any further email correspondence.  If you receive a telephone call from us, you have the right to request not to receive any further calls. ArtiCAD has a company-wide CRM system, your request to object will be logged within our CRM system to ensure that you do not receive any further calls.
Should you wish to object to receiving communication from ArtiCAD, you can do so in a variety of ways:
Please click the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of every email
If you have received a call, please tell the representative that you do not wish to receive any further communication
Please call your local office and ask to speak with the Data Compliance Team
You can also make your request by emailing: dataprotection@articad.com
or by writing to:
Data Compliance, ArtiCAD Limited, 3-5 Rickmansworth Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom, WD18 0GX.
All requests will be processed within 30 days. Your details will be added to a suppression file to ensure that your details cannot be processed by the ArtiCAD CRM system in the future.  Please note this applies only to the processing of your personally identifiable data, not that of the business data which does not fall under the remit of GDPR.
Request for Deletion
It is important to understand the difference between a right to object and a request for deletion.  If you make a request for deletion, we will remove any data we hold about you from the ArtiCAD CRM system. This will also mean that we will remove you from our suppression files. If you are removed from our suppression files, there is a risk that your data may be processed again in the future if your details are re-added to our CRM system by a member of our sales team who genuinely believes that your business would benefit from ArtiCAD’s products or services.
If you do not wish for us to contact you again about ArtiCAD, we would recommend you request to object rather than a request for deletion, as this will ensure that your details are always suppressed from processing.
The option however is yours, and in either case we will process your request within 30 days.
Please make your request by emailing: dataprotection@articad.com
or by writing to:
Data Compliance, ArtiCAD Limited, 3-5 Rickmansworth Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom, WD18 0GX.
Request for Data Held
You may request that we send you all of the data we hold that relates to you. Please make your request in writing;
You can make your request by emailing: dataprotection@articad.com
or by writing to:
Data Compliance, ArtiCAD Limited, 3-5 Rickmansworth Road, Watford, Hertfordshire, United Kingdom, WD18 0GX.
We will process and respond to your request within 30 days, this service will be free of charge.
This policy was last reviewed and updated in May 2018. Policies are periodically reviewed to ensure compliance with the current compliance environment.
For questions relating to this policy, please contact dataprotection@articad.com
ArtiCAD Ltd: Registered in England and Wales No: 2724655, VAT No: 627340157
How we can help your business
We’ve been honing our craft for over two decades to help you create stunning designs and showcase them to your clients in original and breathtaking ways
Get in touch
Book your free Demonstration
Whatever you need whenever you need it, we aim to deliver. To book a free on-site or online demonstration or arrange a phone consultation, get in touch today
Book Your Demo
×
×
×
×
×
×