https://www.judge.com/privacy-policy
Loading
x
Your search results for
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
Results (0)
All
Pages
Blogs
Awards
Case Studies
News
Offices
Leadership
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
The Judge Group complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.
The Judge Group
(Judge Learning Solutions, Judge Technical Services, Judge Healthcare, Judge Consulting Group) has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, The Judge Group commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.
EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact The Judge Group Customer Service Dept. at: customerservice@judge.com
The Judge Group has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data
and non-human resources data transferred from the EU.
In the context of an onward transfer, The Judge Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, Judge) has responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Judge shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Privacy PolicyThe Judge Group, Inc. and it subsidiaries, including Judge Technical Services, Inc., Judge, Inc., Judge Learning Solutions, and Judge Unified Communication (collectively, “Judge”, or “we”) are committed to safeguarding your privacy and to providing you with access to personal information new have about you. In this Privacy & Cookie Policy (“Policy”) we explain to you what information we may collect, use, share and store about you, and the choices and rights that are available to you so that you may correct, amend or delete any information that is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Principles of the GDPR. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
About JudgeJudge is a privately-owned, leading professional services firm. What does that mean? It means we provide technology, talent and learning solutions to businesses around the globe, and we’re great at it. Our expertise is positioned at the crossroads of people and technology-two of the most important aspects of successful business today.
When this Policy AppliesThis Policy applies to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information:
through our website(s) and related applications and content that link or refer to this Policy (including its website www.Judge.com) ; and Judge computer or mobile software applications (“apps”) and content made available to you) (collectively the “Sites”);in connection with any of our events or sales, marketing, advertising and recruitment activities or in the course of providing other Judge services to you (collectively with the Sites, the “Judge Services”); andwhen receiving services from you.The Judge Group will not share your information with third parties for a purpose that is materially different from the original intended purpose without your consent.The possiblity, under certain conditions, for an indivual to invoke binding arbitration.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of third parties that Judge does not own or control.
Collection of Personal InformationJudge collects and maintains personal information from the following categories of individuals:
Visitors: individuals who visit or use our Site(s) or any other Judge Services, so that we can provide them with the Site(s) or Judge Services they require;Job seekers: individuals that apply for job opportunities with Judge to fill our internal positions or as part of our staffing and recruiting services or Judge’s customers through our business solutions services;;
Customers, vendors, service providers and other suppliers: employees, representatives and/or agents of our customers, service providers, vendors and other suppliers with whom we have a business relationship and/or manage on behalf of our customers.If you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Judge Services, you confirm that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Policy.
The types of information we collect include the following:Information submitted to us: Judge collects personal information that individuals provide to us, such as when they visit one of our Sites, post on our forums or blogs, or access certain Judge Services or if they subscribe to our marketing or register for a Judge event or otherwise contact us. We may also collect personal information from individuals offline, for example when individuals provide information to us by telephone or in person.
The types of personal information we may collect include:
Contact information (such as name, address, email address and telephone number);Professional information, such as your job title, department or job role;Information you provide about others you would like us to contact (for example referrals or references) or information regarding your emergency contacts;Resume or C.V. information, such as employment and education history, language proficiencies, security clearance information and other work-related skills, awards and honors, membership in clubs and organizations, personal interests and activities and information regarding your career interests and other qualifications for or desires regarding future employment opportunities, including information regarding desired compensation and benefits; and citizenship and work authorization status.Information we collect automatically: We automatically collect certain technical information from visitors to our Site, such as the Internet protocol (IP) address of their device, their login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platforms. We may also automatically collect certain information about their visits to our Site(s), such as download errors experienced and length of visits to certain pages. When you download, install or use The Judge Group apps, we and our service providers may track and collect certain device related information (such as your device’s unique ID) and certain app usage data (such as the date and time the app on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the app based on your device ID).Information we receive from other sources or third parties: We may receive or acquire information about our visitors, job seekers, customers and suppliers from third party partners (such as background check providers) or other third party sources (such as information from publicly available sites (like Monster.com, CareerBuilder.com or LinkedIn)),or a job seeker’s third party reference.
By authorizing The Judge Group to have access to this information, you agree that we may collect, store and use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Sensitive Personal Information: In connection with the various services we provide or if you are applying for a job opportunity with us or one of our customers, you may be asked for types of personal information that are viewed by some countries as sensitive personal information. Sensitive personal information includes, for example, government-issued identification number (such as a social security number), information relating to a person’s race or ethnic origin, political opinions or religious beliefs, physical or mental health or condition, sexual orientation, trade union membership, genetic data and any related legal actions or the processing of biometric data for the purposes of uniquely identifying an individual. It also includes information about an individual’s criminal offences or convictions, as well as any other information deemed sensitive under applicable data protection laws (collectively “Sensitive Personal Information”).
Although we aim to minimize the amount of Sensitive Personal Information we process, we may process such information in certain circumstances, such as where we are required to or permitted to do so by law (e.g. information about your racial / ethnic origin, gender and disabilities for equal opportunity monitoring or affirmative action program), or where it is necessary to provide you with a service, or if we need to perform a criminal background check, drug/alcohol test or fitness for duty testing. If required by applicable data protection laws, we will obtain your express consent to our use of your sensitive personal information.
Use of Personal InformationThe personal information Judge collects will be used only as described in this Policy and/or in the way we specify at the time of collection. For the most part, we collect and use personal information to effectively provide and improve the Judge Services (such as our Site and related staffing and recruiting services, or workforce management) and to comply with applicable laws and government regulations (such as, to comply with mandatory employment, tax and insurance requirements).
More specifically, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
Providing and administering the Judge Services and for internal operations (for example, troubleshooting, data analysis, statistical and survey purposes);Protecting the Judge Services (for example, fraud monitoring and prevention);Responding to your communications;Complying with applicable laws and government regulations;
If you are a job seeker:
facilitating the recruitment, staffing or search process by helping to find job seekers a suitable assignment or job match with us or with our customers;storing information about your recruitment or other preferences;sending you e-mails and other communications about job postings that we think fit your profile, and to notify you about events, surveys, workshops and training sessions run by The Judge Group; and to interact with you on third party social networks (like LinkedIn).Gauging the number of users and usage of the Site(s), so we can plan Site bandwidth and capacity accordingly;Recognizing you when you return as a repeat visitor to our Site(s) or other online Judge Services;Providing information on goods and services you have requested;Sending you e-mails and other promotional communications about Judge marketing, advertising and promotions in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing at any time;For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, services and offerings, enhancing, improving or modifying our Sites, products and services and operating and expanding our business activities; andNotifying you about changes to our Site(s) or other Judge Services.Personal information collected online through the Judge Services may also be supplemented with information you provide to us through other Judge Group services, as well as other online and offline sources (such as recruitment fairs, social media platforms (like LinkedIn), trade shows, or other events) and other data appending methods (such as spot tags, tracking and cookies as referenced below).
We may also use the personal information we receive for the purposes of creating anonymized and aggregated statistics that do not reveal the specific identity of any person.
In most cases, Judge will process personal information for a variety of business purposes which are in our legitimate interests (for example, to operate its business and provide you with services you have requested), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you and/or for compliance with our legal obligations (as described above). However in some cases and always where required by applicable law, Judge will seek your consent to process your personal information (including any Sensitive Personal Information).
Cookies and Online TrackingThe Judge website uses “cookies” and similar technologies (like web bugs) to help personalize your online experience and for our analytics purposes.
A cookie is a small data file placed on the hard drive of your computer when you visit certain websites. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited.A web bug is a graphic on a web page or email that gathers information about the computers used to view the web page or email. A web bug can collect your computer’s IP address and the time you viewed the website or email.Some parts of Judge’s website use cookies and web bugs to track user traffic patterns on The Judge Group sites. If you prefer not to receive cookies or web bugs while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies or web bugs and refuse them when your browser alerts you to their presence.You can also refuse all cookies and web bugs by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of the Judge website if you do so. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use/navigate through many parts of Judge’s website, except that access to certain Judge Web pages require a login and password.You can find information on popular browsers and how to adjust your cookie preferences at the following websites:
Microsoft Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Mozilla Firefox: http://www.mozilla.org/projects/security/pki/psm/help_21/using_priv_help.html
Google Chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416
Apple Safari: Blocks cookies by default and accepts cookies only from your current domain. To change, click Safari, Preferences, Security, and choose your preference.
Sharing Your Personal Information within JudgeJudge may disclose your personal information to any affiliate within Judge for use in accordance with this Privacy Statement. This includes our subsidiaries, affiliates and our parent company.This sharing of personal information with Judge affiliates may include combining the personal information gathered by certain Judge Sites with information independently gathered as well as information gathered offline into one or more database(s) useable by Judge, including all of its affiliates. Again, this combined information will only ever be used for the purposes disclosed within this Privacy Statement.
Sharing Your Personal Information with Third PartiesJudge may share and disclose personal information about you with the following types of third parties and in the following circumstances:
Potential employers or potential customers: We may share your personal information if you are a job seeker with a customer for the purpose of providing the Judge Services (such as staffing and recruiting services, or workforce management services).
In connection with the above, we may need to disclose certain data about your previous employment (such as your resume and corresponding information or to the extent permitted by law, the results of any criminal background checks or other specific employee data such SSN/National ID) with that customer or other service providers or agents acting on our behalf to facilitate and enable the potential placement or employment. To the extent you are employed by a customer of Judge, the Judge customer will process such personal information in accordance with its own policies and procedures.
Compliance with laws: We may disclose personal information to a third party where we are legally required to do so in order to respond to or comply with any applicable law, regulation, subpoenas, court orders, legal process or government requests, including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Vendors, consultants and other service providers: We use third party vendors, consultants and other service providers to assist us in providing the Judge Services, including to support us in areas such as recruiting and reviewing responses to job advertisements, managing resume/CV data, IT platform management or support services, infrastructure and application services, marketing, data analytics, skills and assessments training, occupational health and safety screening, and drug and background screening. In providing these services on behalf of Judge, it may be necessary for us to provide these third parties with access to your personal information. In cases of onward transfer to third parties of Personal Data received pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, the third party vendor, consultant, or other service provider is potentially liable.
International Data TransfersAs a global company, we may transfer personal information to The Judge Group companies and third parties located in the United States and in other countries that may be outside your country of residence for storage and processing in order to provide the Judge Services. These countries may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive as those in your country or residence. We will however protect your personal information in accordance with this Policy and applicable law wherever it is processed.The Judge Group is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) with regards to our compliance with the Privacy Shield.
Your Choices:
Cookies and other similar technologies: For information about how to disable selected cookies and other similar tracking technologies from collecting information on the Judge Services to third party properties, please see the Section headed “Cookies and Online Tracking”.Marketing Communications: Where it is in accordance with your marketing preferences, we may periodically send you updates via e-mail about promotional opportunities or services we think may interest you, such as jobs in our database that match your selection criteria.You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications by clicking “Unsubscribe” in any e-mail communications we send you. At the point where we request personal information about you, our Sites also give you the opportunity to decide which communications you receive.Security of Your Personal InformationThe Judge Group is committed to protecting the personal information you share with us. The Judge Group uses appropriate physical, technical, organizational and administrative security measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized or unlawful access, use or disclosure, and from accidental loss, destruction or damage.The Judge Group supports online security using secure server technology because we want your data to be safe. We use state-of-the-art security arrangements and facilities on our Sites and through the Judge Services to maintain data security. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet cannot be guaranteed 100% completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information that is transferred over the internet.If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of your account has been compromised), please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.
Links to Other Sites and Public Forums
The Judge Site may contain links to other sites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the Judge Site. Judge does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Judge’s practices. Judge is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites outside of The Judge Group. The personal information you choose to provide or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by this Policy. We encourage you to review the policy of such third parties before submitting your personal information.Judge may make message boards, news groups, and/or public forums available to users on its Site. Any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information that may be accessed by third parties; therefore, you should use caution before deciding to disclose any personal information in these forums.
Contacting UsIf you have any questions about this Policy or if you wish to exercise Your Privacy Rights, please contact:The Judge Group, INC.151 South Warner Road, Suite 100Wayne, PA 19087privacyofficer@Judge.com
Join OurWinning Team
We are always looking to add talented professionals to our team. Advance your career with Judge.
Apply Now
Let’s Continue the
Conversation.
Tell us how we can help you and we’ll be in touch soon.
How can we help?
Tell us who you are
I represent a business
I am a current contractor / employee
I represent a supplier
Tell us your area of interest
I am interested in hiring a temporary worker or contractor
I am interested in hiring full time employees
I am interested in buying consulting or project based services
I am interested in learning solutions
I am interested in outsourcing solutions
Other
I have a time sheet / log in question
I have a payroll / tax question
Other
I would like to do business with Judge
I am currently doing business with Judge and have a question
Please enter a valid email address.
Invalid Phone Number
Please check the box to prove that you are not a robot.
(800) 360-4474
|
Email Us
|About Us
|Contact Us
|Careers
|Locations
|Blogs
|Timesheets
Privacy & Cookies Policy
|
CCPA
|
Sitemap
| Copyright © 2020 The Judge Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to collect and analyze information on site usage and performance. By clicking
ACCEPT or continuing to
use this site, you agree to allow cookies to be placed. If you are a resident of California, we have updated our
Privacy Policies to include additional rights afforded by the California Consumer Privacy Act,
click here to
read how we handle your personal information. To find out more visit our Privacy & Cookies policy.