http://www.satcon.com/en/terms-of-use
Email
Password
Forgot Password
The Americas
Europe / Middle East / Africa
Asia Pacific
English
Chinese
Spanish
German
French
Italian
Czech
Greek
Log In
|
Register
|
Home
Solutions
Overview
Customer Success Stories
Technologies
Overview
Container Platform
Equinox
Equinox Hybrid
PowerGate Plus
Certifications
Services
Overview
Support Services
Warranty Plans
About Us
Overview
Innovation Timeline
Vision, Mission and Objectives
Locations
Press Releases
Contact Us
Contact Info
Ask an Expert
Contact Sales
Search
Contact
Sales
Ask an Expert
Resource Library
String Size Calculator
Terms of Use and Disclaimer
Acceptance of Terms
Satcon website contains a variety of Tools and resources, including databases, communication Tools, documents, media files and images (collectively hereinafter referred to as “Tools”). All content found on this website, including all Tools and resources, the site design and site structure, are subject to these Terms of Use and the Disclaimer.
Use of the Satcon website, and the Tools and resources contained within, indicates awareness and acceptance of these Terms of Use and of the Disclaimer.
Modification of Terms
Satcon reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use and the Disclaimer without notice to users.
The current version of the Terms of Use and of the Disclaimer can be found through the “Terms of Use & Disclaimer” link, found at the bottom of each page.
Use of Web Site
Users will not use this website, and the Tools and resources it contains, for intents that:
• are in violation of law or these Terms of Use   • interfere with the ability of others to use the site, or   • may cause damage or disruption to the host servers.
Users will not, through unauthorized means:
• access this website, the Tools and resources it contains, or the host servers, or   • attempt to obtain any information contained in this website, or on the host servers.
In addition to these Terms of Use, users will follow all other rules and codes of conduct specified by Satcon in association with the Tools and resources within this website.
Use of Content
Please confirm that you fulfil the conditions mentioned below when you copy, download or print the contents which include individual sentences, pictures, graphs and illustrations on this website.
Content on this website, including published materials, site design and structure, logos, Tools and documents, media files and images, are intellectual property of Satcon and may not be changed, altered, modified or sold, unless otherwise stated or unless express written permission has been given by Satcon.
You are allowed to publish, use or link to content from this website for private or in-company use, but you must mention Satcon as the original source and link to www.Satcon.com and all the copies delivered from this website must contain the copyrights © or intellectual property rights of this website. You are not allowed to resell content from this website unless express written permission has been given by Satcon. Use of content on this website contrary to these Terms of Use is prohibited by copyright law.
User Registration
Some Tools and resources on this website require users to register by submitting contact and other personal information and by choosing a username and password. By registering you indicate awareness and acceptance of the Privacy Statement of Satcon.
Users must provide up-to-date and accurate information while registering.
Registered users are responsible for the security of their account, including their username and password. All actions taken under a registered name by the registrant, or by a user given access to the account by the registrant, will be the responsibility of the registrant.
Satcon reserves the right to refuse the use of the Tools on this website and registration by any user, and to terminate any user account at any time, without notice or explanation.   Information provided by the User gives Satcon the right to use information given on this website and re-use the answers given by you through the use of the Tools to develop knowledge and information in order to improve the Tools and knowledge of business processes and functional areas, without disclosing any link between the answers given by individual users and publications of knowledge of business processes and functional areas.
Disclaimer
The information, Tools and resources on this website are for informational purposes only, and are not meant to be a substitute for qualified professional advice.
Satcon recommends to use these Tools as additional source of information and to consult expert advice before implementing any conclusion derived from the Tools.
You agree not to hold Satcon liable for any costs, damage or losses as a result of use of the Tools on this website and Satcon does not assume any legal liability or responsibility for the recommendations derived from the use of the Tools on this website.
Although Satcon closely monitors the information contained on this website, Satcon shall not be held liable for any damages arising out of cause of computer viruses or computer error.
Satcon is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of the websites to which it may link.
Massachusetts law applies to these Terms of Use and Disclaimer. Any disputes arising out of the use of this website are held before a competent court in Massachusetts.
Gain Access Today
©2020 Satcon Technology Corporation. All rights reserved.
Site Map |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Contact Satcon