http://www.understand.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Products
Images
Animations
Deep Dives
Infographics
Custom
Specialties
Allergy
Bariatrics
Breast Cancer
Cardiovascular System
Dental
Dermatology
Diabetes
Diagnostic Radiology
Digestive System
Ear Nose & Throat
Gynecology Oncology
Hair
Hematology Oncology
Immunology
Male Reproduction
Maternal-Fetal
Neurology
OBGYN
Oncology
Ophthalmology
Orthopaedics
Pharmacology
Plastic Surgery
Radiation Oncology
Radiology
Respiratory System
Spine
Urology
Privacy Policy
Introduction (effective May 24, 2018)
Understand.com, LLC (“Understand” or the “Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit the Company’s web site and individuals who use the Services as defined below (“Customers”). This Privacy Policy describes Understand’s privacy practices in relation to the use of the Company’s web sites and the related applications and services offered by Understand (collectively, the “Services”).
Our principle guidelines are simple. We will be clear about the data we collect and why. We do not and will not sell your data to third parties. The prime purpose of collecting your data is to assist you in using our medical education services. Whether you are viewing a video, using our e-Learning platform, or training your employees, our aim is to make medical education as accessible and beneficial as possible.
This Privacy Policy (the ‘Policy’) explains the personal information we collect from you, either directly or indirectly, and how we use it. Personal information is any information that is related to an identifiable individual. It typically includes such information as your name, e-mail address, or phone number. This Policy also covers the choices you can make about the data we collect, and how you can control these decisions. Please read this Policy carefully to understand how Understand may collect, use, and share your personal information. The terms ‘we’, ‘us’, or ‘Understand’ are each intended as reference to Understand, Inc.
Change
We will update this Policy when necessary to reflect legal changes, customer feedback, and changes in our Services. When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the “effective” date at the top of the Policy and may describe the changes in a change history. If there are material changes to the Policy or in how Understand will use your personal information, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to learn how Understand is protecting your information.
The Types of Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us
We collect information you voluntarily provide to us, such as your name and email address; for instance, when you want to update your profile or when you contact our Customer Care department for assistance.
Information we collect automatically
We automatically collect information about you, such as data about your use of Our services. We may, for example, collect information about the type of device you use to access our websites, the operating system and version, your IP address, your general geographic location as indicated by your IP address, your browser type, the webpages you view on our websites, and whether and how you interact with content available on our websites.
Information obtained from other sources
We may receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, such as Understand partners and partners with whom we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities. We may also receive information about you from Understand partner websites, for instance, when you interact with us on those sites. We protect data obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this Policy and we also apply any additional restrictions imposed by the source of data.
Information of children
Understand does not target and is not intended to attract children under sixteen. Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our websites or use our app, we do not knowingly collect or request personal information from those under the age of sixteen without parental consent. If, following a notification by a parent or guardian or discovery by other means, a child under sixteen has improperly accessed or used our Services by using false information, we will delete the child’s personal information from our records.
Customer Interactions with Understand
To make the information in this Policy easy to understand, we have highlighted different occasions when Understand could potentially collect personal information from customers. The customer interactions with Understand are broken down into the following segments:
Learning about Understand
As you gather more information about Understand, you may virtually or physically visit or interact with a site that we own or operate. Examples include browsing our website, calling our in-house sales representatives, or attending Understand-sponsored events. To learn more about Understand Services, you may voluntarily provide personal information, such as your name and email address during these interactions. We may also collect information about you online when you visit our websites.
We collect: name, email address, phone number, company, and IP address.
Why: We use this information to share news about events, and Services offered by Understand. Additionally, the IP address helps us to understand geographic information about our websites’ visitors better so that we can improve our websites for everyone. It is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
Updating your profile
When you update your profile, we allow you to enter or modify certain information. You may voluntarily provide personal information such as your first name, last name, and email.
We collect: name, email address, website, phone number, interests, and occupation.
Why: We use this information to notify you of activities and events within Our Services depending on your notification preferences, identify your associated content, such as videos, properly display content or make content accessible, and authenticate access to content based on associated roles and privileges. Processing your personal data for these purposes is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you.
Submitting an Enrollment Form
The Understand Service allows practitioner enrollment as part of creating a co-branded experience to practitioners patients. You may voluntarily provide certain personal information that will help us to configure and personalize your microsite and content.
We collect: First name, middle initial, last name, education degree, practice name, practice website, email address, office location, hospital affiliation, and area of speciality.
Why: We use this information to configure, prepare, host, and display your microsite and content, and to include you our physician locator service. Processing your personal data for these purposes is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you.
Getting Help from Understand
From time to time, you may decide to contact our Customer Care department for assistance with the Understand Services, such as if you are having issues with the playback of video content or access to your microsite configuration. To be able to offer you the best service possible, we may collect certain data from you.
We collect: This may include contact information, such as your name, email address, phone number, website, interests, occupation, and the content of your chats and other communications with Understand Customer Care.
Why: We collect this information to give you the best and most efficient customer support possible. For instance, for Customer inquiries and technical questions, we use contact information to respond to the Customer in their preferred channel (e.g., phone or email). Processing your personal data for this purpose is necessary for the performance of the agreement we have with you.
How We Use Personal Information
Understand uses the data we collect to provide you with the Services we offer, which includes using data to improve your experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about, new Services available, security, and other types of updates.
Understand uses the data for the following purposes:
Providing our Product Experience
We use data to provide, operate, support and improve the Services we offer to ensure our customers have world-class medical education available to their patients and employees. This processing is necessary for the performance of our agreement we have with you.
Customer Support
We use data to respond to customer inquiries, diagnose problems using the Services, address technical issues, and provide other Customer Care and support services. This processing is necessary for the performance of our agreement we have with you, as well as to serve our legitimate interest.
Service Improvement
We continually use data for research purposes and to develop and improve Our Services, including maintaining and improving the performance of Our Services, developing and adding new features or capabilities, such as using verification to improve security, and using usage data to determine what new features to prioritize. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution
We use data to protect the security and safety of Our Services and our customers, to detect and prevent fraud, to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Business Operations
We use data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and report on the performance of our business. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest.
Communication, Marketing, and Advertising
We use the data we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. For example, we may contact you by email or other means of electronic communication to inform you about new Understand Services, to update you on a support issue or to invite you to take part in a survey. This processing is necessary to serve our legitimate interest. We also use cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant Understand advertising to you. For information about managing email subscriptions and promotional communications, please see below.
How We May Share Personal Information
Understand does not and will not sell personal information about our customers. We only disclose your data as described in this Policy. We may share information with the following types of third parties.
Third Party Vendors
Understand uses  third-party credit card vendors to carry out payment processing. We only share your personal data as necessary, such as to complete a transaction you have authorized and only with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this Policy. In this case, your personal information will be shared with these agents or contractors but only for the purpose of performing services on behalf and under instructions of Understand and in accordance with this Policy. It is our legitimate interest to share information with these parties for these purposes. For questions about third-party vendors, please send an email to info@understand.com.
Site Users
Where you have enrolled in the Physician Locator service, we will list your practice name, location, and contact information to those using our doctor search and lookup feature. This processing is necessary for the performance of our agreement we have with you to include you in these search result listings.
Compelled Disclosure
When legally required, strictly necessary for the performance of the services or to protect our rights, or the rights of our affiliates or users, we disclose your personal information to law enforcement authorities, investigative organizations, our affiliates or in legal proceedings.
Sale or Merger
We may share your personal information in the event of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets. Of course, we shall notify you via email and/or a prominent notice on our website and inform you of your rights.
The Legal Bases for Using Personal Information
There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information, namely:
Performance of a contract
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us. For example, to provide you access to our video content, to display you in our Physician Locator search results, to help with technical issues, and to respond to your requests.
Legitimate interests
We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests. For example, we rely on our legitimate interest to analyze and improve Understand Services, to send you notifications about Understand Services, or to use your personal information for administrative, fraud detection or legal purposes.
Where we process your personal information based on our legitimate interest and no opt-out mechanism is available to you on our website, you may exercise your right to object by sending an email to info@understand.com.
Security, Storage and Retention of Personal Information We Collect
Security
Understand is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. However, while we take reasonable precautions to guard the personal information we collect, no security system is impenetrable.
We use a variety of appropriate technical and organizational measures and industry standards to protect your personal information and help prevent information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. We ensure that our data center has adequate security measures. Additionally, your data is protected with encryption, such as Transport Layer Security (TLS), during transmission over the Internet. You can only access your information and our service through the use of an individual user login and password. To protect the confidentiality of your personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. Please alert us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. Additionally, always log out and close your browser when you finish using the Services. Please note, we will never ask you to disclose your password.
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at info@understand.com.
Storage
Personal data collected by Understand will be stored and processed in the United States (for instance in our data centers). Understand has put in place adequate mechanisms to protect personal information when it is transferred internationally, for example by using the Standard Contractual Clauses as approved by the European Commission.
Retention
Understand will retain your personal information for as long as we deem it necessary to enable you to use the website and Understand Services, to provide services to you, to comply with applicable laws (including those regarding document retention), and resolve disputes with any parties and otherwise as necessary to allow us to conduct our business. All personal information we retain will be subject to this Policy and our internal retention guidelines. If you have a question about a specific retention period for certain types of personal information we process about you, please send an email to info@understand.com.
Your Rights and Choices
Your Rights
We want you to be in control of how your personal information is used by us. Subject to local law, you can do this in the following ways:
you can ask us for a copy of the personal information we hold about you;
you can inform us of any changes to your personal information, or if you want us to correct any of the personal information we hold about you;
in certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block or restrict the personal information we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your personal information; and
in certain situations, you can also ask us to send the personal information you have given us to a third party.
Where we are using your personal information on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw that consent at any time. Moreover, where we process your personal information based on legitimate interest or the public interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your personal information.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete, accurate and current. Please inform us promptly of any changes to, or inaccuracies of, your personal information by contacting info@understand.com.
We will respond to your request as soon as possible but certainly within 30 days.
We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern you may have about our use of your personal information. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in your country (if one exists in your country) or supervisory authority.
Your Choices
Service data submissions
If you wish to access, edit or remove video or content, change your password, or request deletion of your personal data, you can do it by sending an email to info@understand.com. We will respond to any request to access or delete your personal data as soon as possible but certainly within 30 days. Note that some data requests will require authorization from the customer company that provisioned your account, as it is typically the case they have an ownership interest in the data.
Your Communication, Marketing and Advertising Preferences
You can opt out of receiving direct marketing communications from Understand by following the instructions included in every email sent to you via the “Unsubscribe” link. We respect your choice, and we will stop sending you promotional emails once you unsubscribe.
Please note we will continue to communicate with you regarding changes to terms and conditions, policy updates, Understand Service updates, routine customer service messages such as information about service interruptions, data breaches, or other significant information about your use of the Services.
Our Use of Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies to help us personalize our websites for you, remember your preferences, understand how users are using our websites or app, and help customize our marketing offerings.
Cookies
A ‘cookie’ is a small data file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Understand uses both types of cookies. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted. We use the following types of cookies on our website.
Strictly necessary cookies. These cookies are essential for you to browse our website and use its features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets cannot be provided.
Performance cookies. These cookies collect information about how you use our websites. This data may be used to help optimize our website and make it easier for you to navigate.
Functional cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make and personalize your experience. We may store your geographic location in a cookie, for instance, to ensure that we show you the websites relevant to your area.
Third Party cookies. Third-party cookies are those placed by websites and/or parties other than Understand. These cookies may be used on our websites to improve our products or services or to help us provide more relevant advertising. These cookies are subject to the respective privacy policies for these external services.
Analytics cookies. We use analytics cookies, like those offered by Google Analytics, to help us understand things like how long a visitor stays on our websites, what pages they find most useful and how they arrived at understand.com or understandspinesurgery.com. To learn more about Google Analytics and your data, visit this Google webpage.
How to control cookie settings
Most web browsers allow you to control cookies through their settings preferences. However if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may impact your overall user experience. Some browsers offer a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal whereby you may indicate your preference regarding tracking and cross-site tracking. Although we do not currently employ technology that recognizes DNT signals, we will only process your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Below you can learn about how to control cookie settings on popular web browsers:
Google Chrome
Internet explorer
Safari
Firefox
Advertising and Modern Marketing Tools
To help more people achieve increased expertise on the Understand platform, we use several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts.
Understand may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about Understand products and services on our websites and across the internet. To provide this ‘interest-based advertising’, the parties combine non-personal data about your online activities acquired over time, which help cater advertising that we deliver to you. Examples of this may include a Understand advertisement on a Facebook page, or a Google-owned page such as a search results page or YouTube, or on a site within Google’s advertising network. We do not share your personal information as part of this process. Where necessary we obtain your consent to this process. At all times, you can opt out of these personalized ads from third-party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI websites and DAA websites. Opting out may make the ads you see across the internet less relevant to you.
If you have opted out of receiving communications from us, we will not use your email for interest-based advertising.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please send an email to info@understand.com.
When accessing Understand services via www.understand.com or www.understandspinesurgery.com,  Understand.com, Inc. is a data controller for personal data we collect subject to this Privacy Policy.
Our address is 5475 Reno Corporate Drive #500, Reno, Nevada 89511, USA.
FAQ
The following are basic questions you may have about our Policy. We encourage you to read the detailed statement above for additional details.
Why is Understand updating its Privacy Policy?We now meet the high standard required by the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and have updated our Privacy Policy to reflect that. We also continue to simplify language and remove jargon, to make our Privacy Policy easier to understand and read.
What is the GDPR?The GDPR is a regulation intended to strengthen and unify data protection for everyone within the European Union (EU). And because we believe that all our customers can benefit from its mandates, we’re implementing it globally. The GDPR requires greater openness and transparency from companies on how they collect, store and use personal data, while also imposing tighter limits on the use of personal data. You can learn more here.
How often do you anticipate updating your Privacy Policy?We will update our Policy as necessary to ensure that our policies are in line with international regulations, our product and business practices.
What information does Understand collect about me?Understand collects your first name, last name, street address, city, state, postal code, country, phone number, email address, occupation, practice name, interests, credit card details, education degree,  practice website, office location, hospital affiliation, area of speciality, and the content of your chats and other communications with Understand Customer Care.
Why does Understand need my information?Understand uses the data we collect to provide you the best experience within the Services we offer, which includes using data to improve your experiences. We also use the data to communicate with you, for example, informing you about your assignments and assignment deadlines, new services available, security, and other types of updates.
How is my information used?Understand uses the data we collect for the following purposes:
Service Improvement
Future Service Development
Customer Support
Security, Safety, and Dispute Resolution
Business Operations
Communications and Marketing
How does collecting my information help Understand improve its Services?We use the information to make sure that we are cleanly and efficiently providing video and other medical education content, operating our e-Learning platform, hosting your microsite, and displaying you on our Physician Locator listings. We also collect service error information, so we can make improvements to eliminate potential bugs and problems. And finally, understanding how and when our customers collectively use our service helps us design new ways to improve medical education.
Does Understand sell information to third parties?No. We never have.
Can I opt out of sharing my information to Understand?Yes, you can opt out of submitting certain types of personal information to Understand, but because Understand collects mostly data related to provide access to and delivery of medical education, the decision not to submit some information may impact Understand’s ability to provide efficient and effective services.
How do I delete my personal data from Understand and what are the consequences?You can always send us an email to info@understand.com or contact our Customer Care team and request that your data be deleted. Please note, however, that by deleting your personal data, submitted content may no longer be available, and we will be unable to provide further practice or historical training records.
How long does Understand keep my information?Understand retains personal data for as long as necessary to provide the Services, and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly.
How is information stored and secured on Understand’s servers?Understand is committed to protecting the security of your personal data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. For example, we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited access and are in controlled facilities. Any data we transmit over the internet is protected using encryption.
Is Understand using cookies to gather information?Yes, we use cookies and similar technologies when you visit our website. By visiting our website, you agree to the use of cookies and similar technologies for the purposes we describe in this Policy. This helps us provide you with the best experience and allows certain parts of our website to function properly. You always can adjust your browser or device settings to not accept cookies and similar technologies if this concerns you.
Does Understand use interest-based advertising?Yes. We work with third-party advertisers that utilize cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about Understand on our website and across the internet. To provide interest-based advertising, the advertisers combine non-personal data learned about your online activities over time to customize the advertising delivered to you. We do not share your personal information to do this.
What safeguards are in place for children who have access to Understand services?Understand does not target and is not intended to attract children. Understand does not knowingly solicit personal information from children or send them requests for personal information. Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our website, we do not intentionally collect personal information from persons under the age of sixteen. If following a notification by a parent or guardian, or discovery by other means, that a child under sixteen has improperly accessed or used the site or Services, we will delete the child’s personal information from our records.
How can I contact Understand if I have questions regarding Understand’s Privacy Policy?If you have any questions about the use of your personal information, please send us an email to info@understand.com.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh