http://www.bikes.com/privacy
Jump to navigation
Privacy
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Share:
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://bikes.com
info@bikes.com
Join our
Community
Support
Region & Language
us
Join our
Rocky Mountain Newsletter
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Sign Up
About
Contact
Bike Registration
Knowledge Base
Brand Centre
Dealer Site
Jobs
Warranty
Catalog Archive
Safety / Recall
Sitemap
Privacy
Brand Centre
Dealer Site
Support
Region & Language
us
Rocky Mountain 2020
Our Bikes
Mountain
XC
Our XC bikes embody speed and efficiency, whether you're hammering up a singletrack climb after work or lining up at a World Cup start-gate.
Element
Trail
For riders who carve corners, attack technical trail features, and grind out epic climbs, our trail bikes are versatile and capable on all terrain.
Instinct
Thunderbolt
Growler
Enduro
Our Enduro bikes are efficient and responsive, but come into their own when the track points down and things get scary—from the highest levels of EWS racing to backcountry big mountain lines.
Instinct BC Edition
Altitude
Electric
Our Powerplay bikes will take you to the places you never thought possible.
Instinct Powerplay
Instinct Powerplay BC Edition
Altitude Powerplay
Growler Powerplay
Overtimepack
Big Mountain
Rocky Mountain led the original freeride movement and we’re ready to take it to the next level with big mountain riding. Pedal to the top, then ride it fast, send it deep, and charge harder than you ever thought possible.
Slayer
Fat Bike
With wide tires to provide float and traction on snow, sand, and other mixed terrain, our fat bikes have the same legendary ride feel as our traditional mountain bikes.
Blizzard
Adventure
From your familiar weekly rides to taking a chance off the beaten path, make every ride an adventure.
Solo
Fusion
Soul
Youth
Whether they're riding to school or are getting their first tracks on dirt, experiencing the thrill of riding a bike is a fundamental and healthy part of growing up.
Reaper
Soul Jr
Vertex Jr
Growler Jr
Edge
Need help choosing a bike?
Learn which type of bike is best for your needs
Find a bike for you
Find a dealer/demo
Home
Powerplay
Stories
Riders
Design
Shop
Catalog Archive
Privacy
Safety/Recall
Jobs
Bike Registration
Regions & Language