http://www.usbank.com/about-us-bank/privacy/security.html#tracking
Skip to main content
About Us
Financial Education
Support
Locations
Search
Please fill out this field
Log in
Search
Locations
Support
Financial Education
About Us
Personal
Return to Main Menu
Bank accounts
Bank accounts
Checking accounts
Savings accounts
Debit cards
CDs
Find routing number
Visa gift cards
Mobile & online features
Explore bank accounts
Credit cards
Credit cards
View credit cards
Investing & retirement
Investing & retirement
Online investing - Offered by U.S. Bancorp Investments
Financial goals
Investment management
Retirement planning
IRAs & 401(k) rollovers
CDs
All products & services
Explore investing & retirement
Personal loans & lines
Personal loans & lines
Loans & credit lines
Loan calculator
Home loans
Home loans
Mortgages
Today's mortgage rates
Refinancing
Home equity
First-time home buyers
Mortgage calculators
Home equity calculator
Vehicle loans
Vehicle loans
Auto loans
Auto loan calculator
Recreational vehicle (RV) loans
Boat loans
Mobile & online
Mobile & online
Mobile & online features
U.S. Bank Mobile App
Explore personal banking
Explore personal banking
Explore personal banking
Wealth Management
Return to Main Menu
Your goals
Our services
Ways to work with us
Why choose us
Perspectives
Explore Wealth Management
Business
Return to Main Menu
Business bank accounts
Business bank accounts
Business checking
Business savings & CDs
Business money market accounts
Online banking
Mobile banking
Business credit cards
Business credit cards
View business credit cards
Business loans & lines
Business loans & lines
Business loans
Business lines of credit
SBA loans
Equipment financing
Practice financing
McDonald's franchise financing
Business services
Business services
Cash management
Payroll services
Fraud protection
Gift cards
Business payments
Business payments
Accepting payments
Making payments
Merchant services
Tax payments
Business prepaid cards
Online & mobile banking
Online & mobile banking
Online banking
Mobile banking
Explore business banking
Explore business banking
Explore business banking
Corporate & Commercial
Return to Main Menu
Solutions
Solutions
Capital markets
Credit & financing
International services
Liquidity & investments
Payables & receivables
Industry expertise
Industry expertise
Commercial real estate
Financial institutions
Healthcare
Public sector
Transportation
Travel & hospitality
Investment services
Investment services
Custody solutions
Global corporate trust
Global fund services
U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, Inc.
Account login
Account login
Access accounts
Explore corporate & commercial
Explore corporate & commercial
Explore corporate & commercial
Institutional
Return to Main Menu
Custody solutions
Global corporate trust
Global fund services
Banking services
Account login
Contact us
Explore institutional
U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, Inc.
Close Main Menu
Log in
Close
Before you go, be sure you know:
This link takes you to an external website or app, which may have different privacy and security policies than U.S. Bank. We don't own or control the products, services or content found there.
Continue
End of pop up window. Press escape to close or press tab to navigate to available options.
You are here:
About U.S. Bank
/
Privacy
/
Privacy and security
Online Privacy and Security
Effective July 2020
This Online Privacy Policy (the "Policy") applies to the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers. Trust has always been the foundation of our relationship with customers. We recognize that you trust us with your personal and financial information.
The Policy describes the treatment of information that is provided by you or collected through any of our online interfaces to which a copy of the Policy is posted, including www.usbank.com (the “Website”), Applications we have placed on third party sites such as Facebook®, Twitter® and other social media services, and U.S. Bank’s mobile applications (the “Applications,” and together with the “Website,” the “Services”). It also explains how we collect, use and share information based on users’ interactions with online advertisements, both on the Services and on online interfaces owned by third parties. Note that the Policy does not govern our privacy practices offline or with respect to information that is not provided or collected through the Services.
We will use and share any information that we collect from or about our customers in accordance with the U.S. Bank Consumer Privacy Pledge, which provides choices regarding our sharing and use of information. For additional information on this Policy or our privacy practices generally, please feel free to contact us directly.
While this Online Privacy Policy describes how we treat information, please be aware that additional terms and conditions may apply for certain parts of our Website and Applications.
1. Types of Information We Collect
We collect two basic types of information through the Services – personal information and anonymous information. We also collect location information in connection with our mobile applications.
"Personal information" refers to information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as information you provide on our forms, surveys, applications or similar online fields. Examples may include your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, Social Security number, date of birth or account information.
"Anonymous information" means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify, a particular individual. Examples may include information about your Internet browser, information collected through tracking technologies (see "Online Tracking and Advertising" for additional information regarding our use of tracking technologies), demographic information that you provide to us (e.g., your household income) and aggregated or de-identified data.
"Location information" means information that may be collected by certain mobile applications that identifies your physical location.
2. How We Collect Your Information
We collect personal information from you or about you when you provide this information to us directly. For example, we may obtain personal information when you request information, products or services from us, register on the Website or an Application, respond to surveys, contact customer support or otherwise interact with us. We may also receive information about you from other online and offline sources, such as public databases, social media platforms and other third parties.
In addition, we may collect information about your activity on the Services automatically using tracking technologies, such as cookies, and pixel tags. Definitions for the tracking technologies we use, as well as information regarding how to disable them, are available in the Online Tracking and Advertising section of the Policy.
If you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Policy.
3. How We Use Information That We Collect
We may use information that we collect in order to, among other things:
Provide you with, or evaluate your eligibility for, products and services that you request from us
Communicate with you about your accounts or transactions with us
Send you important information regarding the Services, changes to this Policy and/or other similar administrative information
Allow you to participate in surveys, sweepstakes, contests and similar promotions, and to administer such promotions (note that these promotions may contain additional disclosures regarding our collection and/or use of your information)
Consistent with local law, required disclosures, and choices and controls that may be available to you:
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services, or products and services that may be of interest to you;
Personalize content and experiences on the Services;
Verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your authorized representative) for security, fraud prevention and other risk control purposes; and
Provide you with advertising based on your activity on the Services and on third-party websites and applications. For additional information regarding our use of your information for personalization and tracking, please refer to the Online Tracking and Advertising section of the Policy.
Optimize or improve our products and services
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Enforce our terms and conditions and otherwise protect our rights and operations
4. How We Share Information That We Collect
We will not share your information outside the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers, except under limited circumstances and as required by law.
5. Online Tracking and Advertising
We and certain trusted service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity on the Services using tracking technologies, including:
Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored directly on the device that you are using. They allow us to collect information such as the type of browser you are using, the amount of time you spend using the Services, the websites or applications you visit and the preferences you have set up for your accounts. We use this information for such purposes as to personalize your experience, enhance security, facilitate navigation, display material more efficiently, recognize the device that you are using to access the Services and understand how the Services are used. The Services do not use cookies that capture unencrypted personal information about you.
You can choose to have your device refuse to accept any cookies, and the majority of devices and browsers offer additional privacy settings for cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each device and each browser is a little different, so look at your device Settings or your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you will not have access to many features that make your user experience more efficient and some of the Services will not function properly. Please note that you will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser that you use.
Pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and other similar technologies. These are typically small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the Website, our Applications or certain e-mail communications. They may involve the transmission of information directly to us, to another party on our behalf or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use these technologies to bring together information we collect about you.
Location tracking on mobile devices. Certain applications on mobile devices may transmit information to us about your location. An example includes your physical location when you search for a nearby ATM using your mobile device. We may use that information to improve the products and services we provide to you as well as improving our services generally in your area.
Information collected through tracking technologies is used for many purposes including, for example, to:
Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you use or return to the Services
Deliver relevant content based on your preferences, usage patterns and location
Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of the Services
Analyze traffic on the Services and on websites or mobile applications of third parties
Other technologies. We may use other technologies, such as the capture of screenshots while you are using the Services, to understand how you navigate and use the Services. This information helps us to better understand how the Services are used and to improve them.
We may associate this tracking data with any personal information you provide, in which case we will treat it as personal information.
Do Not Track. There is no industry standard for how Do Not Track consumer browser settings should work on commercial websites. Due to the lack of such standards our websites do not respond to Do Not Track consumer browser settings.
We use trusted service providers, such as advertising and media companies to collect information about use of the Services anonymously and report website trends, without identifying individual visitors. Those third parties use cookies and other similar technologies.
Occasionally, you may encounter banner advertisements for our products and services on third-party websites and mobile applications. We use third-party advertising service providers to distribute our advertisements on websites and mobile applications where we have paid to advertise. These advertisements may use tracking technologies to capture information such as IP address, browser type and usage information in order to track the effectiveness of our advertising efforts. We may associate the information collected by these technologies with your identity. Our advertising service providers are prohibited from using any information collected except to track advertising effectiveness.
In addition, we use advertising service providers to place advertisements for our accounts and services on websites not affiliated with us, and to help us determine which of our advertisements are most likely to be of interest to you using non-personal behavioral information. Advertisements placed by these service providers may use tracking technologies that allow monitoring of your responsiveness to such advertisements. We restrict access and collection of information by advertising service providers for purposes other than assisting us with our advertising efforts.
U.S. Bank participates in the industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) (www.aboutads.info). As part of this service, U.S. Bank online advertisements are sometimes delivered with icons that help consumers understand how data about them is being used. Clicking on the icon provides options for consumers who want more control and the ability to opt out of such behavioral (targeted) advertising. Our service providers may use data collected on our website to customize advertisements to you on other sites as you browse the web. You can click on the DAA icon in our targeted advertisements to opt out if you do not want your browsing behavior used for online behavioral advertising purposes. If you prefer not to have non-personal information used for online behavioral advertising purposes, you may also opt-out here. Please note that even if you opt-out, you may still receive online advertising from U.S. Bank. Opting-out from a specific advertising provider means that the ads you do receive will not be based on your preferences or behavior. You may still see targeted pages based on your habits as you navigate www.usbank.com.
In order for behavioral advertising opt-outs to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access the Services from a different device, log-in under a different screen name or change web browsers, you will need to opt-out again. If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt-out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser's security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled.
6. Other Information Collected Automatically
Browser or Device Information: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version, and the name and version of the Services (such as the Application) you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly.
Application Information: When you download and use an Application, we and our service providers may track and collect usage data, such as the date and time the Application on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the Application based on your device number.
IP Address: Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems and administering the Services.
7. Linked Websites
The Services may contain links to third-party websites not controlled by U.S. Bank. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the privacy policies and terms of use of any such websites that may collect your personal information, as they will likely differ from those of the Services. U.S. Bank does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these websites, including the accuracy, completeness or reliability of their information.
In addition, U.S. Bank is not responsible for the information collection, use and disclosure practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer or provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer.
8. Data Security
Your privacy is very important to U.S. Bank and we are committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access or use. We will use reasonable organizational, physical, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contact Us” section below.
In addition, U.S. Bank protects customers from liability for unauthorized online transactions. Certain conditions and limitations may apply. See the Electronic Banking Agreement section in the Your Deposit Account Agreement and the Reporting Unauthorized Transactions section in the Online and Mobile Financial Services Agreement for details.
9. Preventing Identity Theft
In order to help us protect your personal information, it is important that you always keep your account information safe. We recommend that you consider the risk of sharing your personal ID, password, or PIN with anyone.
Note that U.S. Bank will never initiate (unless otherwise stated for a specific product or service application), a request via email for your sensitive information (e.g., Social Security number, personal ID, password, PIN or account number). If you receive an email asking for your sensitive information, you should be suspicious of the request and promptly contact us to report the suspicious activity.
Please be aware, however, that in certain telephone and in-person transactions we may ask for your full Social Security number, account number or other information to verify your identity before conducting the transactions you have requested. For example, we may ask for such information to verify your identity when you place a call to us, when you visit a U.S. Bank branch office or when we call you about a new product or service we believe that you will find valuable. We will never request that you disclose your personal ID, password or PIN under any circumstances, including such telephone or in-person transactions.
Additional information regarding identity theft and the steps you can take to help protect yourself from fraud can be found on the Federal Trade Commission website.
10. Children’s Privacy
We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent. We request that such individuals do not provide personal information through the Services. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we will delete such information from our files. For additional information regarding the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), please visit the Federal Trade Commission website.
11. External Aggregation Services
You have the responsibility to help us protect your accounts. Consider the risk of revealing your user name, password, or other credentials to any person or third party. By providing your user name, password or other credentials to any person or third party (including an aggregation service) you authorize that person or third party to initiate transfers to or from your account.
Some third-party companies offer aggregation services that allow you to consolidate your financial account information from a variety of sources, such that you can view all your account information at a single online location. For example, an aggregation service might collect and consolidate your checking and savings account balances at your bank, the value of your stocks and bonds in your brokerage account and your frequent flier mileage information from an airline. In order to do so, the aggregator may request access to personal information - including identification information, account information, personal IDs and passwords - from you for each individual website.
Please use caution when providing personal information to an aggregation service. By providing your user name, password or other credentials to an aggregation service you authorize that person or third party to initiate transfers to or from your account.
Should you decide to revoke the authority you have given to an aggregation service, you should notify the aggregation service in addition to contacting us, in which case we may need to block your account until we issue new access codes.
12. Social Media Platforms
U.S. Bank may interact with registered users of various social media platforms, including Facebook® and Twitter®. Please note that any content you post to such social media platforms (e.g., pictures, information or opinions), as well as any personal information that you otherwise make available to users (e.g., your profile), is subject to the applicable social media platform’s terms of use and privacy policies. We recommend that you review this information carefully in order to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.
13. Retention Period
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required by law.
14. Cross-Border Transfer
The Services are controlled and operated by us from the United States, and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any country or territory other than that of the United States. We may store and process your personal information in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and, by using the Services, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.
15. State Privacy Laws
In addition to the federal laws concerning the collection and use of personal information that are applicable to financial institutions, some states have privacy laws and regulations that supplement these federal laws and provide additional rights to citizens of those states. For information regarding those state laws and the procedures that U.S. Bank has in place to comply with those laws, please go to this “State Privacy Laws” page.
16. Changes to the Online Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may make changes to this Policy in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. We encourage you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use and share information through the Services. If we do make changes to the Policy, we will also update the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy.
Any changes to the Policy will become effective when the revised Policy is posted on the Website, relevant Application or other U.S. Bank online interface, as applicable. By continuing to use the Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Policy.
17. Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices generally, we encourage you to contact our customer service department by completing our online email form or by calling 800-USBANKS (800-872-2657). Alternatively, you may use any of the local telephone numbers for your area that are listed in the "Contact Us" section of the Customer Service portion of the Website.
In the event you notice suspicious activity on your account or believe your personal ID, password or PIN has been compromised, please contact us immediately. Suspicious emails may be forwarded to fraud_help@usbank.com or you can call our Fraud Liaison Center at 877-595-6256.
18. Accessibility
If you need this information in an alternative accessible format, you may contact our Accessibility Banking Coordinator as described on our Accessibility Banking page.
Contact us
Call 800.872.2657
Find a branch
Chat with a banker
Financial IQ
Security
Careers
Privacy
Online Tracking and Advertising
Site Map
Accessibility
year U.S. Bank
Feedback, shows survey