http://www.natbankmal.com/privacy-policy.php
Online Banking Login
Click here to log in to our new Online Banking.
Personal
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
CDs & IRAs
Loans
Business
Business Banking
Business Saving
Business Loans
Rates
Services
Trust Services
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
e-Statements
Order Checks
Financial Calculators
About Us
Our History
Branches & Hours
Contact Us
Online Security
Privacy Notice
Facts
WHAT DOES THE NATIONAL BANK OF MALVERN DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies
choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives
consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal
law also requires us
to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal
information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what
we do.
What?
The types of personal
information we collect and share depend on the product or service you
have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and your income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business.
In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information;
the reasons The National Bank of Malvern chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does National Bank of Malvern Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes-
such as to process your transactions,
maintain your accounts(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes-
to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes-
information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes-
information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call 610-647-0100 or go to www.natbankmal.com
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
The National Bank of Malvern
What we do
How does The National Bank of Malvern protect my Personal information?
To protect your personal
information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures
that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards
and secured files and buildings.
Our physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards comply with
federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information
How does The National Bank of Malvern collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
The National Bank of Malvern does not share with our
affiliates
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
The National Bank of Malvern does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
The National Bank of Malvern does not jointly market
REV.3/2014
Copyright © 2020 The National Bank of Malvern. All rights reserved.
Privacy Notice | Internet Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map