http://www.stanleyfurniture.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
STANLEY FURNITURE COMPANY, INC.
This page states the
Privacy Policy under which you, the website visitor (“You” or “Your” or
“Yourself”), may use or correspond with this website (“Our Site”), which
is owned by Stanley Furniture Company, Inc. (“We” or “Us” or “Our”).
Stanley Furniture Company includes the Stanley Furniture and Young
America brands.  We respect Your privacy interests and operate this site
by these principles.  We have taken reasonable steps to protect the
integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information
(“Your information”) that You may provide.Voluntary Submission of InformationYou may use the Stanley
Furniture website without disclosing Your information, and We will not
obtain such information about You unless You choose to submit it to us.
There may be times when we ask for Your information, such as when you
purchase or order a product or register with Our Site.  Whether you
choose to provide Your information is up to you, but if you choose not
to provide such information, you may be unable to purchase products
directly from Our Site.  Any information You submit will be used
internally only; however, submission of information authorizes such
internal use by Us and Our employees.  In particular, please note that
submission of an email authorizes Us to contact You via email.  We also
may maintain a record of your product purchases.CookiesPlease note that We use
“cookies,” which are small files stored on Your computer's hard drive
that are used to track certain information.  These cookies enable Us to
track and target the interests of Our users to enhance their experience
on Our site.  For example, cookies usually allow Your browser to
remember which pages You have visited and help Us to know how much
traffic Our pages receive.  This process does not reveal any personal
information about the person viewing the page (such as a username or
password) unless the person has previously given such information.  If
You find cookies objectionable, please consult Your browser's
documentation for information on how to block or erase cookies.
Log FilesIn addition, Our web
server collects and saves the default information customarily logged by
World Wide Web server software.  Our logs contain the following
information for each request: date, time, originating IP address and
domain name, object requested, and completion status of the request.  We
use these logs to help improve Our service by evaluating the level of
demand for Our site and detecting any errors on the site that might
occur.  These logs may be kept for an indefinite length of time and used
at any time and in any way necessary to prevent security breaches and
protect the integrity of the data on Our servers.
Use of Collected Information
Any information We
gather, whether submitted voluntarily or collected automatically, will
be used for Our internal purposes, such as confirming, processing, and
tracking your order.  We also will use Your information to provide tips
on product care, product update notifications, promotional offers, and
our newsletter, consistent with your request.  It is Our policy not to
disclose Your information to third parties unless necessary to process
your order.  To this end, we may contract with companies or persons to
provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, and
order tracking.It also is our policy
not to sell Your information to third parties.  We reserve the right,
however, to transfer Your information if Stanley Furniture, Inc. is
acquired by or merged with another company in whole or in part.  We
reserve the right to include your personally identifiable information
and non-personally identifiable information, collected as an asset, in
any such transaction.
Notwithstanding this
policy, We retain the right to disclose Your information if required to
do so by law or if acting on a good faith belief that such disclosure is
necessary to protect Our rights or property or to respond to an
emergency situation.  We also may use or share Your information to
investigate, prevent, or take action to stop illegal activities, suspect
fraud violations involving personal threat to the safety of any person,
to stop violations to Our Terms an Conditions, or as otherwise required
or permitted by law.Review, Update, and Deletion of Collected Information
Please contact us if you have
any questions about this Privacy Policy or if you wish to correct or
remove any of Your information that you have submitted to this website.
We will make reasonable efforts to comply with Your requests.
SecurityThis site takes
reasonable precautions to protect Our users' information, such as
through the use of encryption, HTTPS, PCI compliance, etc.  Please note,
however, that electronic transmissions via the Internet are not
necessarily secure from interception, and We do not guarantee the
security or confidentiality of transmissions.  We reserve the right to
update or otherwise alter Our security practices if and when it seems
appropriate to do so.Special Notice About Children
We are committed to
protecting the privacy of children.  We do not knowingly collect
personal information from any person under the age of 13.  If upon
notification by a parent or guardian, or discovery by other means that a
child under thirteen has improperly registered on this site by using
false information, we will immediately cancel the child's participation,
and delete the child's personally identifiable information from our
records.
Links to Other Sites
From time to time, Our
site may contain links to websites operated by third parties, over which
we have no control.  Privacy policies on such sites may be different
from Our Privacy Policy.  You access such linked sites at your own risk.Notification of Changes
If We decide to change
Our approach to privacy, We will post those changes to this Privacy
Policy so that users are always aware of what information We collect,
how We use it, and under what circumstances We disclose it.  Changes to
the Privacy Policy will be dated, and will be effective from the date
specified forward.  As with Our Terms and Conditions, You should check
Our Privacy Policy each time You visit Our site to identify and
understand any changes made since Your previous visit.
Images
At certain pages on Our
Site, We post images of human beings or other images that may allow
identification of a specific person.  In all such cases, We have
permission from the individual pictured, or from his or her parent or
guardian.  We do not post such images without such consent.
follow us