http://www.resato.com/en/cookie-policy
Navigation
Skip to Content
Cookie Policy
This cookie policy sets out how RESATO INTERNATIONAL B.V. (hereafter RESATO or ‘we’) uses and protects any information that you give RESATO when you use this website. RESATO is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this cookie statement. RESATO may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. The cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets us know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. Besides, some cookies are necessary for ensuring security.
Does Resato use cookies? Yes. As described in the Resato Privacy Policy, we use cookies and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses our website has the best possible experience. When do we place cookies? We use cookies on the website. Any browser visiting Resato.com will receive cookies from us directly.   What types of cookies does Resato use? We use two types: persistent cookies and session cookies. A persistent cookie helps us recognize you as an existing user, so it's easier to return to Resato.com or interact with our services. Session cookies only last for as long as the session (usually the current visit to a website or a browser session).
Facebook Pixel The Resato website contains a Facebook pixel. This pixel works by means of a piece of code that comes from Facebook itself. By means of this code, Cookies are placed. We use the Facebook pixel for advertising to you and showing relevant content. We may also use the Facebook pixel for audience. Any data collected will be used in accordance with the Resato privacy policy. Read the privacy statement from Facebook (which can change regularly) to find out more about what they do with your (personal) data that they process via these cookies. The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy.   LinkedIn Insight Tag We use the LinkedIn Insight Tag to measure the performance of Resato LinkedIn adverts and the promotion of our products and services to your based on your website behaviour and interests. We also use the tag to advertise to you based on your website behaviour. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with the Resato privacy policy.   Google Adwords Resato uses Google AdWords conversion tracking. These so-called "conversion cookies" cease to be active after 30 days and are not used to identify you personally. If you visit certain pages of our website while the cookie is still active, we and Google know that you, as a user, have clicked on ads placed on Google and were redirected to the site. Google uses the information obtained through "conversion cookies" to compile statistics for the website of Resato. These statistics tell us the total number of users who have clicked on the ad as well as which pages of the site were then accessed by each user. This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to the Resato website. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on the site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page or a site in the Google Display Network. Any data collected will be used in accordance with the Resato privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.   Web Analysis The website of Resato uses Google Analytics, which is using cookies. These cookies tell how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America. You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which is preventing the future collection of your data when visiting the Resato website: Disable Google Analytics. We use products of HubSpot CRM for marketing purposes. The HubSpot cookies tells us how users use our site. Once a task has been completed (e.g. form has been submitted), the cookies are associated with your record in the HubSpot CRM. From that moment, website visits can be associated with your record and we can see a history of pages you have visited. Any data collected will be used in accordance with the Resato privacy policy. We use products of Hotjar for marketing purposes. The Hotjar cookies tell us how users use our site. Individual website sessions are recorded anonymously allowing us to improve the website experience. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with the Resato privacy policy.   What are the cookies used for? Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit Resato.com, remember your preferences, and give you a personalized experience that's in line with your settings. Cookies also make your interactions with Resato faster and more secure. Additionally, cookies allow us to bring you advertising both on and off the Resato website and bring ‘customized interest’ features to you.
Cookie Category
Description
Security
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity and violations.
Preferences features and services
Cookies can tell us which language you prefer and what your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on Resato.com more easily. They also provide you with features, insights, and customized content in conjunction with our plugins. You can learn more about this subjects in our Privacy Policy.
Advertising
We may use cookies to show you relevant advertising both on and off the Resato website. We may also use a cookie to learn whether someone who saw an ad later visited and took an action (e.g. filled in a form) on the Resato website. We may also work with a partner to show you an ad on or off Resato.com, such as after you've visited another site after our website.
Performance, Analytics and Research
Cookies help us learn how well our site and plugins perform in various locations. We also cookies to understand, improve, and research products, features, and services, including when you access Resato.com from other devices such as your work computer or your mobile device.
Are the cookies used for advertising purposes? Yes! We use cookies for advertising purposes. Cookies and other ad technology such as beacons, pixels, and tags help us serve relevant ads to you more effectively. Unless you clear these cookies from your browser, we may use this information to:
Provide more relevant, interest-based advertising Detect and defend against fraud
Improve our products and services
What third-party cookies does Resato use? Our Cookie Table lists some of the third-party cookies on our sites. Please note that the names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change over time. Please also note that other organizations by means of Resato remarketing may use cookies, pixels or other technologies on their pages to learn about your interest in them.