https://www.sunbeltstaffing.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy | Sunbelt Staffing
Call Us: 800.659.1522
Virtual for Kids
About Us
Sunbelt Cares
Internal Careers
Employers
Blog
Healthcare JobsSchoolsTherapy JobsSpeech Therapy »Occupational Therapy »Physical Therapy »Bilingual Therapy »Teletherapy »Music Therapy »TeachingSpecial Education Teacher »Visually Impaired Teacher »Deaf & Hard of Hearing Teacher »General Teacher »Support ServicesSchool Nurse »School Psychologist »Sign Language Interpreter »School Social Worker »Orientation & Mobility Specialist »Educational Diagnostician »NursingTypeTravel Nursing Jobs »Per Diem Nursing Jobs »Permanent Nursing Jobs »SpecialtyRN Jobs »LPN and LVN Jobs »Surgical Technician Jobs »SettingHome Health Jobs »Operating Room Nurse Jobs »ER Nurse Jobs »ICU Nursing Jobs »Med-Surg Nurse Jobs »TherapySpeech TherapySpeech Therapist Jobs »SLPA Jobs »Physical TherapyPhysical Therapist Jobs »PTA Jobs »Occupational TherapyOccupational Therapist Jobs »COTA Jobs »Allied HealthSpecial Procedures ImagingCath Lab Jobs »Electrophysiology Tech Jobs »Interventional Radiology Jobs »General ImagingCT Technologist Jobs »Echo Tech Jobs »MRI Tech Jobs »Ultrasound Tech Jobs »Vascular Tech Jobs »Other Allied HealthLaboratory Jobs »Radiation Jobs »Respiratory Jobs »Advanced PracticeTypeTravel Advanced Practice Jobs »Per Diem Advanced Practice Jobs »Permanent Advanced Practice Jobs »SpecialtyPhysician Assistant Jobs »Nurse Practitioner Jobs »Clinical Nurse Specialist Jobs »More InformationBenefits »FAQs »Destinations »Resources »ResourcesApply
Enter job title or keyword
Use city, state, or zip
Sunbelt Staffing > Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Latest Update: November 2019
Sunbelt Staffing, LLC, 3687 Tampa Road, Oldsmar FL (“we” or “us”) is committed to providing you with the best online experience while visiting the https://www.sunbeltstaffing.com website (the “Website”). To achieve this, we utilize our own and standard third-party cookies to obtain data about your online behavior while you are on the Website (more detail provided in the sections below).  These cookies, for example, allow us to track how often you visit the Website. The information we collect is anonymous and does not identify you as an individual, unless you provide us with your information by completing an online form or through another feature offered on the Website. Where personal information is collected by us, such collection is covered by our General Privacy Policy, available at https://www.sunbeltstaffing.com/terms-of-use/#privacy.
This Policy pertains to our use of online cookies.  There is an index below, so you can go straight to the relevant sections, if you so prefer.
Index:
What we trackHow to manage cookiesThird-party cookiesThird-party linksChanges to this PolicyContact
What we track
We do not use any intrusive cookies on the Website to collect your personal information. We use industry standard third-party cookies such as Google Analytics to track your behavior online and gain statistical information at an aggregated level in the following ways:
We track the number of visits to the Website, where each visitor came from (i.e. the website you visited prior to coming to the Website) and where each visitor goes to from the Website (i.e. the website you visit after leaving ours).A cookie is stored on your device for no longer than two (2) years which is linked to your IP address.  Cookies are small text files that your web browser stores on your device. This allows us to, for example, track whether you return to the Website.
How to manage cookies
The first time you visit our Website, you will be displayed with a banner providing you with information about cookies and linking to this Cookie Policy and informing you that by continuing your navigation you accept the placing of cookies on your terminal.
Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our systems will issue cookies each time you access the Website.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the storing of cookies. This will remove all details from the cookie. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website or use certain functionalities.
If your computer is shared with other people, we advise that you do not select the ‘remember my details’ option when a service offers such option to store certain information entered by you.
Third-party cookies
Throughout your journey on the Website you may also notice content from third parties.  Additionally, we may also offer you the opportunity to further engage with us and share information with others using social networks such as LinkedIn, Twitter and Facebook. This content is added so we can keep you up to date with carefully selected information that you may find relevant or of interest, however this can result in these third-party providers storing additional cookies on your device that we have no control over. Consequently, we suggest you check the websites of any such third parties and their privacy policies for more information about their cookies and how you can manage them.
Google Analytics
We use third-party cookies such as Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to track your behavior online and gain statistical information in order to track the number of visits to the Website, where each visitor came from (i.e. the website you visited prior to coming to the Website) and where each visitor goes to from the Website (i.e. the website you visit after leaving ours).
A cookie is stored on your device (until your clear it) which is linked to your IP address.  This allows us to track whether you return to the Website.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate your use of the Website, to compile reports on Website activity and provide other services relating to Website activity and internet usage
You also can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: (click here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB).
Social Media
Our Website uses social media plugins (“Plugins”) from the social networks Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Instagram to enable you to easily share information with others. You can identify a Plugin by the respective logo of the social network. When you visit our Website, the operators of the social media plug-ins on our Website place cookies on your computer that enable them to recognize you on websites belonging to them and their affiliates and partners after you have visited our Website, or that enable them to add the information collected from your visit to our Website with your prior activity on those websites. The social media plug-ins collect this information about users whether they specifically interact with the plug-in or not, and it may enable social media companies to share information about your web-browsing navigational information with some of their other users. We do not control what information is collected by Plugin operator or the information practices adopted by those social media companies. You can find information about the purpose and extent of information acquisition as well as how the information is processed further and used by the social networks, together with your rights and optional settings, in the privacy notices of the social networks.
We may use information collected from the Plugins to learn about your interests and to help us better understand how to serve you. This information may include your preferences about how to contact you or further develop a business or professional relationship with you as well as demographic data.
Third-party links
The Website may contain links to third-party websites. If you follow a link to any these third-party websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy and cookie policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these. Please check these websites’ policies before you submit any personal data to these third-party websites and you do so at your own, sole risk.
Changes to this Policy
The terms of this Policy may change from time to time. We shall publish any material changes to this Policy through appropriate notices either on this Website or contacting you using other communication channels.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to privacy@sunbeltstaffing.com.
TweetShareSharePin0 Shares
Join our internal team of account executives.
Learn More
Jobs
Schools
Nursing
Therapy
Allied Health
Advanced Practice
Resources
Apply
Contact us
Name*Email*
PhoneHow can we help?*
* I have read and agree with Sunbelt Staffing, LLC's Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Read MoreI understand and acknowledge that, among other important disclosures, the General Privacy Policy sets forth that Sunbelt Staffing, LLC may share my data with its sister companies that are part of a nationwide organization focused on providing human resource services and solutions.
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Submit
Blog
Occupational Therapy in Preschool Settings
Children achieve many developmental milestones in their first five years, such as walking, talking, and developing social skills, but not all children reach milestones as predicted. According to the Centers...
Read More »
Self-Care for Teachers & Educators to Reset Over the Summer
Being a teacher can be draining: physically, mentally, and emotionally. You pour your heart and soul into serving students, developing high-quality lessons, and keeping up with the latest trends and...
Read More »
Sunbelt Cares.
See how Sunbelt is reaching out in your community.
Learn more
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
glassdoor
Instagram
Joint commission certified
My Info
Contact
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
e-Verify
Code of Conduct
EEO
© 2020 Sunbelt Staffing
Close
This website uses cookies for audience measurements and advertising purposes. You can learn more about our use of cookies and configure your browser settings in order to avoid cookies by clicking here. By navigating this website, you agree to our use of cookies.