https://www.redchair.com.au/home/terms-and-conditions
Search ...
HomeWhat's OnArtistsClassicalFolkJazzWorldOtherProductionsStoryplaceMudjimba IslandMooloolabaPoint ArkwrightShopCDsChildrenClassicalFolkJazzOtherWorldDVDsBooksChildrenFictionInstructionalNon-FictionDigital DownloadOtherContactE-NewsSubscribeArchive
You are here: HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Print
Email
WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONSEMPHASISING SALE OF GOODSThese terms and conditions apply to the use of this website, including the purchase of goods over this website. In using this website for these or any other purposes, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you must refrain from using the website. These terms and conditions must be read in conjunction with any other applicable terms and conditions governing the use of this website.1. TERMINOLOGYIn these terms and conditions, the expression “we”, “us” and “our” are a reference to Red Chair and Red E-Tix.2. AMENDMENTS TO TERMS AND CONDITIONSWe reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time. Amendments will be effective immediately upon notification on this website. Your continued use of the website following such notification will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the terms and conditions as amended.3. ORDERING PROCEDUREYou may offer to purchase goods described on this website for the price specified on this websiteYour order must contain you name, email address, credit card details and any other ordering information specified on this website.Within seven days of receipt of your order, we will at our discretion accept or reject your offer to purchase.You may not cancel an order once it has been submitted, even if our acceptance or rejection of your offer is still pending.We are not required to give reasons for rejecting your offer to purchase.If we reject your offer to purchase the goods for any reason, neither of us will be under any further liability to the other arising out of your original offer or our non-acceptance of that offer.If we have not responded to you within seven days, your offer will be deemed to be rejected.We give no undertaking as the availability of products advertised on this website.Delivery of the goods to you will be affected in the manner described on this website.Title in the goods to you will be affected in the manner described on this website.Title in the good does not pass to you until payment has been received.Risk of loss or damage to the goods passes to you upon dispatch.Payment must be effected in the manner described on the website. Prices are inclusive of goods and services tax. In all other respects, the price is exclusive of taxes, duties and charges imposed or levied in Australia or overseas in connection with the supply of goods.The goods are offered for sale only to persons who can make legally binding contracts.DELIVERY AND RETURNWithin Australia, please allow 2-15 working days (depending on location and freight type) for delivery. Delivery times outside of Australia will depend on location and freight type.Please choose carefully when purchasing, as the following conditions apply when returning merchandise:With proof of purchaseRed Chair may provide you with an exchange or refund using your original payment method, if the items are found to be faulty, not doing what they’re supposed to do, significantly different to those shown or described to you or are returned unopened. Without proof of purchaseRed Chair may, at its discretion, offer you with an exchange to the current value of the goods if items are returned unopened. If items are found to be faulty, Red Chair will offer you an exchange for an identical item.4. CANCELLATION DUE TO ERRORYou acknowledge that despite our reasonable precautions, products may be listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to a typographical error or like oversight. In these circumstances, we reserve the right to cancel the transaction, notwithstanding that your order has been confirmed and your credit card has been charged. We reserve this right up until the time of delivery of goods to you. If a cancellation of this nature occurs after you credit card has been charged for the purchase, we will immediately issue a credit to your credit card account for the amount in question.5. DISCLAIMERWe do not accept responsibility for any loss damage, however caused (including through negligence), which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of this website or any linked website, nor do we accept any responsibility for any such loss arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed through this website.To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is hereby excluded. Where legislation implies any condition or warranty, and that legislation prohibits us from excluding or modifying the application of, or our liability under, any such condition or warranty, that condition or warranty will be deemed included but our liability will be limited for a breach of that condition or warranty to one or more of the following: (a) if the breach relates to goods, (i) the replacement of the goods or the supply of equivalent goods, (ii) the repair of such goods, (iii) the payment of the cost of replacing the goods or of acquiring equivalent goods or (iv) the payment of the cost of having the goods repaired; and (b) if the breach relates to services, (i) the supplying of the services again or (ii) the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.Except in relation to liability for personal injury (including sickness and death), and except as otherwise stipulated in these terms and conditions, we will not accept liability to you in respect of any loss or damage (including indirect, special, or consequential loss or damage) which may be suffered or incurred by you or which may arise directly or indirectly in respect of goods or services supplied pursuant to an order placed on this website or in respect of any failure or omission on our part to comply with our obligations as set out in these terms and conditions.6. EXCEPTION TO DISCLAIMERThis disclaimer set out in these terms and conditions does not attempt or purport to exclude liability arising under statute if, and to the extent, such liability cannot be lawfully excluded.7. SPECIFIC WARNINGSYou must ensure that your access to this website is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to you.You must take you own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this website does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system. For the removal of doubt, we do not accept responsibility for any interference or damage to your own computer system which arises in connection with your use of this website or any linked website.Whilst we have no reason to believe that any information contained on this website is inaccurate, we do not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of such information, nor do we undertake to keep this website updated. We do not accept responsibility for loss suffered as a result of reliance by you upon the accuracy or currency of information contained on this website.Responsibility for the content of advertisements appearing on this website (including hyperlinks to advertisers’ own websites) rests solely with the advertisers. The placement of such advertisements does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by us of the advertisers’ products and each advertiser is solely responsible for any representations made in connection with its advertisement.We make no warranty that goods acquired from us over this website will meet your requirements.Details contained on this website relating to goods or services have been prepared in accordance with Australian law and may not satisfy the laws of any other country. We do not warrant that the details on this website concerning those goods or services will satisfy the laws of any other country. It is your responsibility to determine whether these details satisfy the laws of the jurisdiction where you reside (if that jurisdiction is outside Australia) and if the details do not satisfy the laws of your jurisdiction, you may not order any goods or services from this website.You acknowledge that despite all reasonable precautions on our part, there is a risk of unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data or of information contained on your computer system or on this website. We do not accept responsibility or liability of any nature for any such losses which you may sustain as a result of such activity.8. COPYRIGHTCopyright in this website (including text, graphics, logos, icons, sound recordings and software) is owned or licensed by us. Other than for the purposes of, and subject to the conditions prescribed under, the Copyright Act 1986 (Cth) and similar legislation which applies in your location, and except as expressly authorised by these terms and conditions, you may not in any form or by any means:• Adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works form any part of this website; or• Commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this website;without our written permission.9. TRADE MARKSExcept where otherwise specified, any word or device to which is attached the ™ or © symbol is a registered trade mark.If you use any of our trade marks in reference to our activities, products or services, you must include a statement attributing that trade mark to us. You may not use any of our trade marks:• In or as the whole or part of your own trade marks;• In connection with activities, products or services which are not ours;• In a manner which may be confusions, misleading or deceptive;• In a manner that disparages us or our information, products or services (including this website).10. RESTRICTED USEUnless we agree otherwise in writing, you are provided with access to this website only for your personal use. You are authorised to print a copy of any information contained on this website for your personal use, unless such printing is expressly prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not without our written permission on-sell information obtained from this website.11. LINKED WEBSITESThis website may contain links to other websites (“linked websites”). Those links are provided for convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained.We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices associated with linked websites.Our links with linked websites should not be construed as an endorsement, approval or recommendation by us of the owners or operators of those linked websites, or of any information, graphics, materials, products or services referred to or contained on those linked websites, unless and to the extend stipulated to the contrary.7. PRIVACY POLICYWe undertake to comply with the terms of our privacy policy which is annexed to these terms and conditions.8. HOW WE HANDLE E-MAILSWe will preserve the content of any e-mail you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so. Your e-mail message content may be monitored by us for trouble-shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of e-mail abuse is suspected.9. SECURITY OF INFORMATIONUnfortunately, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at you own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.10. TERMINATION OF ACCESSAccess to this website may be terminated at any time by us without notice. Our disclaimer will nevertheless survive any such termination.11. GOVERNING LAWThese terms and conditions are governed by the laws in force in Australia. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of that jurisdiction.12. GENERALWe accept no liability for any failure to comply with these terms and conditions where such failure is due to circumstances beyond our reasonable control.If we waive any rights available to us under these terms and conditions on one occasion, this does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on any other occasion.If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions shall nevertheless continue if full force.WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONSEMPHASISING HYPERLINK POLICYThese terms and conditions apply to the use of this website, including the hyperlinking to our web pages from within you website. In using this website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you must refrain from using the website. These terms and conditions must be read in conjunction with any other applicable terms and conditions governing the use of this website.1. TERMINOLOGYIn these terms and conditions, the expression “we”, “us” and “our” are a reference to Red Chair and Red E-TixA reference to “our material” is a reference to all information or material contained in our accessible at or via this website.A reference to “deep hyperlink” means any hyperlink that provides a link to, or access to, a web page or internet location that is part of our internet domain, other than a hyperlink to the home page of that domain or the home page of a subsidiary domain.A reference to “embedded hyperlink” refers to any method or mechanism of hyperlinking, where it appears that:• The hyperlinked material is part of the web page or internet location containing the hyperlink; or• The hyperlinked material is not part of the web page or internet location where it is originally located.A reference to “hyperlink” or “link” means any mechanism of providing a link from one location on the internet (or a web page) to another location on the internet, (or a difference web page, or a difference location on the same web page) and includes any mechanism for linking to, or providing access to files via the internet.A reference to “keying” means any process or method by which a web page containing or material will be returned in search engine results when a search is conducted for a competitor’s band or identity (or vice-versa).2. HYPERLINKING POLICYSubject to your observance of these terms and conditions, we grant you a non-exclusive right to provide hyperlinks from your website to our material.In consideration of being granted this hyperlinking right, you undertake the following obligations:• To not copy, reproduce, translate, adapt, vary or modify any of our material without our express consent, except as expressly authorised by these terms and conditions;• Bring into disrepute us, our products, our services, or our officers or employees;• To use only active links to our material and to not use deep or embedded hyperlinks• To not use keying in connection with our material’• To only use our material in the form in which it is provided;• Not to alter, amend, redraw, distort, animate or tamper with any of our material or associated icons in any way;• To retain any copyright or trade mark symbols that appear next to our material;• To supervise and control the use of our material in accordance with these terms and conditions;• To ensure your employees, sub-contractors and other agents who have authorised access to our material are made aware of these terms and conditions• To not use our material in a manner that gives the impression or represents that any person, organisation or event, is in any way related to, sponsored by, or affiliated with us; and• To comply (within a reasonable time) with an demand or request by use in relation to your use of our material.3. SPECIFIC WARNINGSYou must ensure that your access to this website is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to you.You must not provide links to our website from any site that contains any material that:• Will subject us to an action for defamation, breach of copyright, infringement of any other intellectual property rights, or any law whatsoever; or• Is not in conformity with accepted standard of public decency and good taste.You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this website does not expose your risk of viruses or other form of interference which may damage you own computer system. For the removal of doubt, we do not accept responsibility for any interference or damage to your own computer system which arises in connection with your accessing of this website or any linked website.Whilst we have no reason to believe that any information contained on this website is inaccurate, we do not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of such information, nor do we undertake to keep this website updated. We do not accept responsibility for loss suffered as a result of reliance by you upon the accuracy or currency of information contained on this website.You must indemnify us and our related bodies corporate and our directors and employees against any claim by a third party arising out of:• Your breach of these terms and conditions;• Your use of you links to our material; or• Your use of our material.4. PRIVACY POLICYWe undertake to comply with the terms of our privacy policy which is annexed to these terms and conditions.5. TO RETURN TO THE WEBSITETo return to the website, close this tab. By doing so, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accept the above terms of use.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | About
Copyright © 2014 Red Chair.All Rights Reserved.