http://www.myworkman.co.uk/help/cookies
Post a Job
Post a Job
How it Works
Find Tradesmen
Tradesman Start
Advice
Help
Login
Cookie Policy
MyWorkman.co.uk
A. Introduction
Our website, like most others, uses cookies in order to provide best service possible to our users. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device (computer, tablet or smartphone). Our cookies do not store sensitive information. Nevertheless, you are free to block or delete any cookies that have been set by us on your device.
This document is designed to explain as clearly as possible, which cookies will be set and why, and how you can change your settings to reflect your preferences.
B. Granting us permission to use cookies
If you continue to use the site, and your software (browser) settings are set to allow them, we take this to mean that you are fine we us setting cookies as described in this document.
C. Type of cookies & how to opt out
Below, we list the type of cookies that are set and how to opt out.
C1. Basic Site Functionality Cookies
We use cookies for various essential site operations. Specifically:
To check that you are logged in
To save you from having to login again next time you visit the site
There is no way to turn of this functionality (as it is essential to the site) other than to stop using the site, or to change your software (browser) settings.
C2. Vistor Stats Cookies
We use Google Analytics to measure how you use the website so we can improve it based on user needs. If you do not want google analytics cookies to be set, you can Opt out here.
C3. Site experiment cookies
We use google analytics to compare how users react to different versions of the website. This is in order to make the site even easier to use going forward. If you do not want google analytics cookies to be set, you can Opt out here.
C4. Advertising Cookies
We advertise our website using several advertising platforms. Each platform sets it's own cookies.
Google Ads - Opt out
Bing Ads - Opt out
Facebook Ads- Opt out
Also, you can opt out of google remarketing.
C5. Google Maps Cookies
We use google maps to display static or dynamic maps on the site. You can see the google maps policy here
C6. Social Sharing Cookies
We use AddThis to make it easier for you to share our content. See how to opt out of having this data used for advertising purposes.
7. More Info & Contact
You may also be interested in our terms of use and privacy policy. If you have additional questions, comments or problems about our cookie policy an email to customer_service@myworkman.co.uk
Quick Links
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Homeowner FAQ
Tradesman FAQ