https://www.chandos.net/privacypolicy
Register
Login
Item added to order
My Wish List
Manage wish list
Home
Search
New Releases
Audio Books
Artists
Labels
Format
24 Bit
CDs
SACD
LPs
USB Sticks
Surround
DVD
Licensing
CDR Burning
Sale CDs
Deleted CDs
Bargain Boxes
Mystery Boxes
Vouchers
Help
Title, Name or Code
OR
Product, Artist or Type
Select
-- MUSIC --
Composer
Orchestra
Conductor
Soloist
Choral
Chamber
Genre
Label
Format
-- BOOKS
--
Author
Reader
Book Genre
Any
OR
Website Release Date
197919801981198219831984198519861987198819891990199119921993199419951996199719981999200020012002200320042005200620072008200920102011201220132014201520162017201820192020
JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Chandos Records we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We too don’t like services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our service, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals.
If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please contact our support team.
It is Chandos Records policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Chandos Records collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Chandos Records purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Chandos Records visitors use its website. From time to time, Chandos Records may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Chandos Records also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Chandos Records support pages. Chandos Records only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Chandos Records websites choose to interact with Chandos Records in ways that require Chandos Records to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Chandos Records gathers depends on the nature of the interaction, but will include your name, address, phone number and your email address.  For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an email letter to provide an email address. Chandos Records collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfil the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Chandos Records. Chandos Records does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
Aggregated Statistics
Chandos Records may collect statistics about the behaviour of visitors to its websites. For instance, Chandos Records may monitor the most viewed pages on the Chandos Records website or use spam screened by our filters to help identify spam. Chandos Records may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Chandos Records does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Chandos Records discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Chandos Records behalf or to provide services available at Chandos Records websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Chandos Records websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Chandos Records will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Chandos Records discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Chandos Records believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Chandos Records, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Chandos Records website and have supplied your email address, Chandos Records may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Chandos Records and our products. We primarily use our various product emails to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Chandos Records takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
We also may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Chandos Records, acknowledges that all individuals have the right to access the personal information/data that we maintain about them. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, should direct his query to customersupport@Chandos.net. If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe, not to exceed one week.
If we ever were to engage in any onward transfers of your data with third parties for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized, we would provide you with an opt-out choice to limit the use and disclosure of your personal data.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Chandos Records uses cookies to help Chandos Records identify and track visitors, their usage of Chandos Records website, and their website access preferences. Chandos Records visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Chandos Records websites, with the drawback that certain features of Chandos Records websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
The only cookies that Chandos.net currently uses are used to help the basket option of our site and to analyse our traffic, we do not collect any personal information within these cookies. If you wish to opt out of this tracking data, please follow this link: Google Opt Out
Information
Help Index
About us
Formats
Loyalty Points
Chandos Distributors
Licensing
Music Hire
Downloader
CDR Burning
Questions Answered
Using This Site
Contact us
Support
Glossary
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Chandos
About Us
Chandos Records is one of the world's premier classical music record companies, best known for its ground breaking search for neglected musical gems. The company has pioneered the idea of the 'series' and proudly includes series of such composers as Prokofiev, Tchaikovsky, Parry, Walton, Grainger, Berkeley and Bridge. Renowned for its superb sound quality, Chandos has won many prestigious awards for its natural sound.
Customer Service
Home
Register
Login
CDR Burning
Downloader
Licensing
Checkout
FAQ
Loyalty Points
Help
Popular Categories
The Classical Shop
New Releases
CDs
24 Bit
SACD
Audio Books
Artists
Composer Biogs
Labels
Formats
USB Collections
Mystery Boxes
Complete Listing
Deleted CDs
Bargain Boxes
(New) Chandos CD Printed Catalogue
Get In Touch
Contact Us
Technical Support
Distributors
Chandos Records
Chandos House
1 Commerce Park
Commerce Way
Colchester
Essex
CO2 8HX
United Kingdom
Tel: +44(0)1206 225200
Fax: +44(0)1206 225201
VAT No: 466104851
Co. reg: 1424451
Secure Payments
Site by Ocean
© Chandos Records 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Chandos RecordsChandos House1 Commerce ParkCommerce WayColchesterEssexCO2 8HXUnited Kingdom