https://www.sunovacu.ca/privacy-security/
Personal
Banking
Chequing
Personal Accounts
Senior Account
Student Account
New to Canada Account
Career Starter Account
Pricing
Savings
Superior Savings
Dog-Gone Good Savers Account
Bow Wow Birthday Club
Nickel + Dime
US Savings
Tax-Free
Account Access
Sunova Debit Card
Sunova GO Web
Sunova GO + SMS
Transfers + Payments
Interac e-Transfers®
Quickchange
Safe Deposit Box
Safe Deposit Box
SafeStore
Member Share Program
Estate Planning
Sunova Snap! Cheque Deposit
Safety Tips
Online Banking Safety
Password Security
Credit Card Safety
Phishing ‘Phacts’
Forms and Agreements
Borrowing
Loans
Personal Loan
RRSP Loan
Student LOC
Lending Resources
LOC
Mortgages
What You Need To Know About Mortgages
Down Payments
Mortgage Pre-Approvals
First-Time Home Buyer’s Guide
Figuring Out Financing
Renovations
Mortgage Insurance
Online Loan Application
Loan + Mortgage Specialists
Mastercard
Sunova Cash Back Mastercard
Sunova Flex Mastercard
Sunova Travel Gold Mastercard
Sunova World Mastercard
Sunova US Dollar Mastercard
Apple Pay®
AutoPay
Credit Card Safety
Changing your PIN
Investing
Term Deposit
Registered Products
RRSP
RESP
RRIF
Tax-Free
Insurance
Insurance Overview
Loan + mortgage insurance
Travel Insurance
Sunova Financial Services
About
Online Brokerage
Life Events Planner
Rates
Business
Banking
CAS Team
Accounts
Chequing
Savings
Account Access
Sunova GO Web
Sunova GO
Merchant Services
Square Payments
Safe Deposit Box
Safe Deposit Box
Safestore
Borrowing
Business Loans
Loans + LOC
Equipment Financing
Letters of Credit
Mortgages
Resources
Forms
Handy Links
Mastercard
Sunova Business Cash Back Mastercard
Sunova Business Preferred Rate Mastercard
Sunova Business Platinum Mastercard
AutoPay
Credit Card Safety
Changing your Sunova Mastercard PIN
Investing
Term Deposit
Agri-Invest
Insurance
Insurance Overview
Valeyo
Travel Insurance
Sunova Financial Services
About
Online Brokerage
Life Events Planner
Community
Sponsorship / Funding
Sunova Scholarship
Past Support
The D.O.G
Meet the D.O.G
About Us
Our Story
Meet our team
Partners
Annual Reports
Join the Team
Join the Team
A Day in the Life
We’re Hiring
FAQs
Find Us/ATM’s
Contact Us
Privacy + Security
Rates
Become a Member
News
Online Banking
Privacy statement
Find Us/ATM’s
Join the Team
Rates
Contact Us
Become a Member
Privacy statement
Cookies + Online Preferences
Website + Online Privacy
Security
Accessibility policy
Need help? Contact us!
privacy statement
At Sunova Credit Union we understand that privacy is an important issue for our members. Part of our commitment to provide superior service includes ensuring we maintain the accuracy and confidentiality of your personal and financial information.
Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act came in to effect for all Manitoba credit unions in 2004. As a result, organizations covered by the act must obtain an individual’s consent when they collect, use or disclose the individual’s personal information. Personal information can only be used for the purposes for which it was collected and if an organization is going to use it for another purpose consent must be obtained again. Individuals should also be assured that specific safeguards protect their information.
We hold personal information about our members to ensure we provide you with the products and services you require to meet your financial goals. This information can include your name, address, age, income, use of accounts, credit history as well as the relationship of others linked to you in your account. We obtain this information from you directly and from the product and service arrangements you have made with or through us. Information is also obtained from credit bureaus, other financial institutions and from the references you provide us.
The information we ask for depends on which product or service you are interested in. Most of the information we ask for is either required by law or is needed for us to serve you effectively.
Our privacy statement may change overtime, so we encourage you to check back here for the most recent version.
Personal information collected
Sunova Credit Union collects personal and financial information from you for the following purposes:
To provide you with the financial products and services you request
To develop and offer products and services that meet your needs
To determine your eligibility for products and services
To evaluate your credit standing and to share or exchange reports with credit bureaus or other financial institutions when required
To safeguard the financial interests of our members by detecting and preventing fraud
To promote products and services that may be of interest to you
To meet legal and regulatory requirements
Your privacy is a priority for us at Sunova and we are committed to respecting and protecting it.
If you wish, you may opt out of receiving promotional information sent to you by Sunova Credit Union (excluding promotional material sent with your statement) by completing our Privacy Exception Form and send it to our privacy officer. For additional information, please contact your local branch.
Our Privacy Code
As a result of the act, we created the Sunova Credit Union Privacy Code. Our Privacy Code is guided by the 10 principles outlined by Canada’s new privacy act:
Accountability
We are responsible for all personal information under our control and have designated individuals who are accountable for our compliance with the ten principles that comprise our Privacy Code.
Identifying purposes
When we ask for personal information from you, we must identify what it will be used for.
Consent
We require the knowledge and consent for the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, except where it is required or permitted by law.
Limiting collection
The information we collect is limited to only the purposes we have identified to you. Information will only be collected by fair and lawful means.
Limited use, disclosure and retention
We use and disclose your information only for the purpose for which it was collected unless you consent otherwise or as required by law. Personal information will be retained only as long as necessary to fulfil those purposes.
Accuracy
We maintain and update your information as necessary to ensure accuracy for the purposes for which it is used.
Safeguards
We protect your information with security safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity level of the information.
Openness
We make information available to you regarding the policies that apply to the management of your information.
Member access
At your request, you will be informed of the existence, use and disclosure of your personal information, and will be given access to that information. You may confirm the accuracy and completeness of your information and may request any changes if necessary.
Challenging compliance
Challenges concerning compliance with the above principles may be addressed to our designated privacy officers.
how to make an access request, inquiry or complaint
Access requests, inquiries and complaints may be sent to our Privacy Officer. In order for Sunova to respond to your request, inquiry or complaint accurately and in a timely manner, please provide us with as much information as possible as detailed below. If additional information is required, you will be contacted directly by the Privacy Officer.
Access request
Please provide the following in a dated and signed letter:
A description of the information to which you seek access
Name, address and phone number where you can be reached during the day;
Location address where you would like to obtain access to the information (for example which branch).
One piece of identification bearing a signature and photo, including your birth date, in order to obtain the information requested
Inquiry or complaint
Please specify the following in a dated and signed letter:
The nature of the inquiry or complaint (please be as specific as possible)
Your name, address and phone number where you can be reached during the day
All access requests, inquiries or complaints are to be sent to:
Privacy Officer                                    or via email:   privacyofficer@sunovacu.ca
Sunova Credit Union
233 Main St
Selkirk, MB
R1A 1S1
Privacy statement
Cookies + Online Preferences
Website + Online Privacy
Security
Accessibility policy
Need help? Contact us!
have questions?
Help HQ is here to, well, help! Our Help HQ staff are available during following hours:
Monday – Friday 8:00 am – 8:00 pm
Saturday 8:00 am – 4:00 pm
Give them a call 1.833.378.6682 or start a chat session!
chat now!
At Sunova Credit Union, we use cookies and other technologies to optimize our website and our online services. To learn more about how Sunova is committed to protecting our members’ privacy please check out our privacy statement. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of these cookies. You can opt-out of this by changing your online preferences.
Accept
Copyright © 2020 Sunova Credit Union