http://www.g5.com/privacy/
Home
History
Products
Applicators
ApplicatorPackages
Accessories
RespiratoryTherapy
Home Care
PhysicalTherapy
Chiropractic
Athletics
Spa and Salon
Purchase
G5 Store
Contact Us
Privacy Policy & Information
Web Site Covered
This privacy policy covers the following web sites:
www.g5.com and
www.gx-99.com
Overview
General Physiotherapy, Inc. and its parent company, General MedVentures International, LLC ("GMV")
respect your right to the privacy of the personal information
you may provide on our website. To that end, unless you designate otherwise or we state otherwise
in this policy or at the time information is collected, any personal information you provide to
General Physiotherapy, Inc. will be known only to three parties: you, General Physiotherapy, Inc. and GMV.
The following policy is intended to explain how your personal information will be treated as you
make use of our site and its features. Personal information includes your name, street and e-mail
addresses, click-through activity and any other personal information you may provide here.
This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
Traffic data
Each time a visitor comes to G5.com or gx-99.com our servers (like most on the Web) collect some basic technical
information, including, for example, the visitor's domain name (e.g., whether the user is logged on
from aol.com or msn.com), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited
prior to clicking through to G5.com or gx-99.com) and browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape Navigator browser
on a Macintosh platform).
We also count, track and aggregate the visitor's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows
at our sites (e.g. tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the site, etc.). To these
ends, we may merge information about visitors and visits into group data. This data is not shared with
anyone else.
Other disclosure of personal information
General Physiotherapy, Inc. and GMV will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information without your
consent except (i) as described in this privacy policy, or (ii) as required by law, court order or as
requested by other government or law enforcement authority.
Other sites
G5.com may contain links to other sites on the web. General Physiotherapy, Inc. and GMV do not share your personal
information with those web sites. We cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or
content of such other web sites.
Who can I ask if I have any additional questions?
If you have any further questions or concerns about the General Physiotherapy, Inc./GMV privacy policy and
use of personal information, please contact us.
Last Changed: 2/25/2008