http://www.factorfunding.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Factor Funding
Skip to content
Get Started!Apply Now!
Questions? Call Us!
866.245.0020
Financing Options
Accounts Receivable FundingPurchase Order FundingAsset Based LoanMerchant FundingDebt CollectionsEquipment FinanceSettlement FundingReal Estate InvestmentTransportation & Freight Bill Funding
Why Factor Funding
About UsGet StartedPricing
Resources
Factoring BlogFAQ'sTestimonialsBusiness Finance Terms and Definitions: Your Questions Answered
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
Information Collection and Use
Information Collection and Use
Factor Funding Co. is the sole owner of the information collected on FactorFunding.com. Factor Funding collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Surveys [& Contests]
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information Users’ personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users’ information is protected.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us
Financing Options
Accounts Receivable Funding
Purchase Order Loans And P.O. Loans
Asset Based Loans
Merchant Funding
Debt Collections
Equipment Financing
Settlement Funding
Real Estate Investment
Transportation & Freight Bill Funding
RESOURCES
Factoring Blog
FAQ’s
Testimonials
Glossary
Industries We Serve
Automotive Repair Shops
Cleaning Services
Construction
Consulting
Hospitality & Restaurant
Healthcare
Information Technology
Janitorial
Manufacturing
Machine Shop
Plumbing
Security
Small Business
Staffing
Transportation
READY TO GET STARTED?Get a Quick Quote
CONTACT US
2800 Post Oak Blvd. Suite 4100A Houston, Texas 77056
Toll-free: 1-866-717-2274
info@factorfunding.com
241996-2020
FOLLOW US
Privacy Policy & Legal Terms
© Copyright 2020 Factor Funding Co. All Rights Reserved