https://www.affordableled.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Affordableled.com is committed to protecting your privacy, and your personal information is our highest priority. This policy applies to information we collect from you when you use our website and how your information is being used. It is recommended that customers review our privacy policy practice from time to time.
The information collected from you is used to help us define and enhance your shopping experience. It helps us understand the demands of our products and run tailored promotions that interest you or other customers. We do not disclose any customer information (including email addresses) to third parties, except for shipping partners that help fulfill your orders and notify you of shipments. By visiting Affordableled.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
How we collect your information
We collect various pieces of information about you for the purchasing process. Here are some examples of the type of information we collect from you:
Name
Contact information such as telephone, email address, billing address or shipping address
Type of business you operate
Tax ID
Business permit number
We collect the above information through communicating and interacting with you on our website such as completing a purchase on our website, calling us on the phone, live chat, creating an online account, signing up for our newsletters, communicating with us through our social media platforms, and by participating in sweepstakes, contests, promotions, or surveys. It is optional to provide all the information that we request. However, if you withhold information, we may not be able to fully provide all the services you need.
How we use your information
The information we collect from you is used to provide the products or service that may interest or enhance your shopping experience. We also shape our marketing promotions or related activities based on the information you provide. Furthermore, we also use your information for purchasing research or conducting studies with our company for customers' shopping preferences and habits.
Cookies
We use "cookies" to improve your shopping experience when you visit Affordableled.com. Cookies are small pieces of information that your web browser stores on your computer when you visit a website. Our cookies allow us to personalize your shopping experience when you visit Affordableled.com and recognize you when you return. For example, when you add items to your cart and leave our website, your items will still be in the cart when you return. The information collected from these cookies may be used for the purposes laid out above in this privacy policy. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may disable cookies on your computer by changing your browser’s preferences or options menus. Disabling cookies may affect your shopping experience on Affordableled.com
Terms & Agreement
Please review the following terms and conditions (‘Term of Use’) before browsing or using Affordableled.com.
class="bold-text"Products, Content, and Specifications
All features, content, specifications, products/prices, images, and services described or illustrated on this site are subject to change at any time without notice. Affordableled.com is not responsible for any errors on the website. If you would like to report any errors, please email sales@Affordableled.com. Affordableled.com does not guarantee products or services displayed on this site will be available at any time. Your use of our website constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Rights
All materials and content including but not limited to product descriptions, images, web pages, or designs on this site are owned by Affordableled.com. By using this website, you agree to these Terms and Conditions. You may use this site for your personal use but may not copy, reproduce, transfer, distribute, translate, modify, share, or make available to any person.
Intellectual Property Rights
All contents published on Affordableled.com, with the exception of information acquired from third-party sources, is copyrighted by Affordableled.com. No content may be reproduced by any means, in part or whole without the written consent of Affordableled.com
Third Party Links
Affordableled.com may share or display third party links for your convenience. Affordableled.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any links to other websites. Once leaving our online store, we cannot be held accountable for any objectionable material featured on other sites.
Online Security
Affordableled.com ensures that customers have a secure payment process. We have installed SSL certificates to our server which establishes a secure connection between you and our server. All payment information you enter will be transmitted securely. We accept credit cards as a form of payment. We do not keep your credit card information on file.
Fraud Prevention Methods
At Affordableled.com we take fraud very seriously. Because of this, we have implemented fraud prevention methods to protect consumers who have had their card information or identity stolen. All orders must have the correct billing address and card CVN or "security code" to be processed. Any orders that do not meet both of these criteria will be immediately canceled by the system and cannot be processed further. Orders containing equipment or appliances will be subject to additional scrutiny and may require additional verification. We reserve the right to cancel any order that we believe to be suspicious activity.
Disclaimers & Liabilities
This site and any information or content on this site is provided "as is." While we make every effort to ensure that the information displayed on Affordableled.com is accurate, we cannot guarantee that all product descriptions are completely accurate or error-free. Affordableled.com does not claim that the information contained within this site is appropriate to your jurisdiction or that the product described will be available at the time of your purchase.
Social Media
Affordableled.com uses various social media platforms to communicate with fans and customers. These social media sites include but are not limited to our blog, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube, multi-media and news media sites, or other related platforms. By accessing, viewing, sharing and posting any comments, opinions or contents on Affordableled.com’s social media channels, you accept without limitation or qualification the terms of use for those sites.
Abuse
Any customer who engages in promotion abuse and breaks the terms of service will be subject to canceled orders and account termination. We also reserve the right to cancel any order and terminate accounts for abusing the following: system errors, returns, and damaged shipments.
Termination
If we believe you have breached the terms of use of this site, Affordableled.com reserves the right to terminate your right to access our website with or without notice.
To Top