https://www.dirigofcu.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Notice
Federal law requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Our privacy policy has not changed and you may review our policy and practices with respect to your personal information at www.dirigofcu.com. or we will mail you a free copy upon request if you call us at (207)784-5435.
Download Privacy Policy
Download Member Agreement and Disclosures
Download Electronic Services Disclosure
AdRoll Information
Our website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize the website. Also, cookies may also be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
We use third party software to track IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and website activity, which is collected for targeted advertising. This data may be used by third parties to target advertising on other sites based on your online activity.
The third part software used by us is AdRoll, and you may find more information on them here.
You may choose to opt out by following the link below.
We may collect the following categories of information for the purposes explained here.
Advertiser website activity: This is data about your browsing activity on our website. For example, which pages you visited and when you did so.
Device and browser information: This is technical information about the device or browser you use to access the Advertiser’s website. For example, your device’s IP address, cookie string data and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device’s unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID.
Ad data: This is data about the online ads AdRoll has served (or attempted to serve) to you. It includes things like how many times an ad has been served to you, what page or website the ad appeared on, and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
We use this data to help identify and serve ads to you that are more relevant to you. We also use this data to operate, improve and enhance our services including enhancing the data points we have about a particular user, browser, or device, or to target, optimize, cap, or synchronize advertising.
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+
Keyboard Navigation
Readable Font
Remove Animations
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Close