http://www.goldenstateherbs.com/privacy-policy
Home
Products
Offerings
Applications
Services
Quality Assurance
About
Our Story
Newsletters
Contact
WEBSITE PRIVACY NOTICEGolden State Herbs (“GSH”) operates as a provider of business-to-business services.  Given our purpose to serve other businesses, we do not focus on consumer users, nor do we collect consumer data.  To the extent we collect information online, we do so in order to better serve our business clients and their employees.This Privacy Notice describes how GSH processes personal information about our customers, prospective customers, other individuals and website users.  What personal information does GSH collect?We may collect and process personal information when you interact with us.  This includes: Your name and contact details, such as your personal or work postal address, email address and phone number, to the extent that you provide such details to us. Debit or credit card details, where you make purchases from us using such cards. Information about your communications with us, including the personal data you provide to us in email or in conversations with our staff. Your marketing preferences, including any consents you have given us. Information related to the browser or device you use to access our website, your IP address and cookie preferences, the webpages that your browser visits, and aggregate data, such as the number of hits per week, per webpage. If you provide information to us about any person other than yourself, such as your employees or family members, you must ensure that they understand how their information will be used, and where required by applicable law, that they have given their permission for you to disclose it to us and for you to allow us, and our outsourced service providers, to use it. On occasion, we may receive personal information from third-party sources, such as where our trusted suppliers provide anonymized web analytics and reporting services.How does GSH use this personal information?We do not sell your personal information and have not sold your personal information in the last twelve (12) months.  We do not sell the personal information of minors.  We do not rent or sell customer lists to other companies.  Instead, we use the information that we collect for the following purposes: Verifying your identity.Taking payments from you, where applicable.Providing products and services to our customers and communicating with you in relation to the products and services we provide.Sending you direct marketing by email in relation to our services.Promoting our services to customers and potential customers and advising you of news and industry updates.Monitoring the use of our websites and using personal data to help us improve and protect our services and websites, both online and offline.Investigating any complaints received from you or others about our websites or services.In connection with legal claims and for compliance, regulatory and investigatory purposes; in response to requests from government law enforcement authorities, government regulators, or courts; to protect our rights or property; and to enforce our terms of use and legal notices.On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use your personal information for the purpose that we explain at that time.Who will GSH share this personal information with? We may share your personal data with our affiliates, subsidiaries, sister companies, or other entities within our group of companies to administer and manage group functions, including the provision of our products and services to you and in the course of audits.  We may also share your information with any other group company that fulfills your order or with whom you communicate.  Your personal information may be shared with companies providing services under contract to GSH, such as logistics companies, IT hosting and/or IT maintenance providers, or third-party storage or service-provider companies that perform some functions including the processing of data. Your personal information may be shared in connection with legal claims; for compliance, regulatory and investigatory purposes; in response to requests from government law enforcement authorities, government regulators, or courts; if mandated by law; or if required for the protection of our legitimate interests, rights, or property (including enforcing our terms of use and legal notices), in compliance with applicable law.  In the event that our business is sold or integrated with another business (in part or whole), your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers and will be passed to the new owners of the business/business unit.Updates to this Privacy NoticeThis Privacy Notice may be updated periodically, without notice to you.  We will update the date on this Privacy Notice accordingly.  Contact usYour privacy is important to us.  We hope that we can satisfy questions you may have about the way we process your data.  If you have any questions or concerns about how we process your data, please contact us.
(760) 399-1133  •  60125 Polk St., Thermal, California 92274