http://www.patriot.co.nz/privacypolicy.aspx
Contact Us
Newsletter
Login
Download a free Demo
Solutions
Plink Patrols
CCTV Monitoring
Modules
Downloads
Videos
Support
News
Menu
Patriot Systems - Global Privacy Policy
Patriot Systems respects your privacy
Review our Privacy Policy below and get in touch with our team if you would like to know more.
Last Updated on 21st August 2018
Email Patriot Sales Team for more information
Patriot Systems Ltd ("us", "we", or "our") operates http://www.patriotsystems.com (the "Site") and we respect your privacy. We provide Monitoring and Response Software and request and hold details about you and your organization when needed.
This Global Privacy Policy describes the types of Personal Data we collect through our sales, mail lists, demo sign up and via our online presence, which include our main website at www.patriotsystems.com. This policy also describes how we use Personal Data, with whom we share it, your rights and choices, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. This policy does not apply to third-party websites, products, or services, even if they link to our Sites, check with the privacy practices of those third-parties for more details.
Overview
We obtain Personal Data about you and your organization from various sources to provide our services, inlcuding sales and support, and to manage our Sites. “You” may be a visitor to one of our websites, a user of one or more of our Services or a customer (“Customer”).
Personal Data We Collect
Personal Data that we collect about you
Personal Data is information or an opinion about an identified, or reasonably identifiable, individual. The Personal Data that Patriot Systems collects and holds depends on the specific product or service being provided and may include, but is not limited to, your:
Contact and identification information, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, gender and job description.
Details of your organization including the name, address, telephone number, hardware used, staff details and details of the operation for Monitoring and Response.
Remote Access Details for Server and Workstations such as but not limited to Team Viewer and/or RDP, OS and software including Patriot Systems
Any other information lawfully obtainable under relevant Privacy Law.
When possible we aim to collect your personal information directly from you. The circumstances in which we may do so will vary depending on the context in which we are dealing with you and can include, for example:
When you register for a Demo of Patriot we collect your full name, email address, phone number, business name and other optional business details.
When you purchase a service or product from Patriot Systems we collect your business billing details, physical address, name of company, company contact details and relevant staff contact details.
When you respond to Patriot System emails, newsletters or surveys we collect your email address, name and any other information you choose to include in the body of your email or responses.
If you contact us by phone, we will collect the phone number you use to call and we may collect additional information in order to verify your identity.
If you are a Customer, you will provide your contact details, such as name, address, telephone number, and email address. As part of your business relationship with us, we may also receive financial and personal information about you, such as your date of birth and government identifiers associated with you and your organization.
If you are a Customer, when you make payments or conduct transactions through a Patriot Systems website or application, we will receive your transaction information. The information that we collect will include payment method information (such as credit or debit card number, or bank account information), purchase amount, date of purchase, and payment method. Different payment methods may require the collection of different categories of information.
You may also choose to submit information to us via other methods, including: (i) in response to marketing or other communications, (ii) through social media or online forums, (iii) through participation in an offer, program or promotion, (iv) in connection with an actual or potential business relationship with us, or (v) by giving us your business card or contact details at trade shows or other events.
Where personal information is used and disclosed, we take steps reasonable in the circumstances to ensure the personal information is relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used and disclosed. You are under no obligation to provide your personal information to us. However, without certain information from you, we may not be able to provide our services to you or any other relevant customer.
Information that we collect automatically on our Sites
Our Sites use cookies and other technologies to function effectively. These technologies record information about your use of our Sites, including:
Browser and device data, such as IP address, device type, operating system and Internet browser type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, plug-ins, add-ons and the language version of the Sites you are visiting;
Usage data, such as time spent on the Sites, pages visited, links clicked, language preferences, and the pages that led or referred you to our Sites.
We also may collect information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. We use Google Analytics on our Sites to help us analyze Your use of our Sites and diagnose technical issues.
Plink Apps
Our Plink and other phone apps use Firebase which collects information that is used to identify you. This means that while Patriot may not receive any analytic data Firebase will record information about your use of our App and your device including the configuration of the app, IP address, device type, operating system and Internet browser type, screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model and other statistics
The app may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this service.
The Firevase privacy policy is viewbale here:
Firebase Analytics
How we use Cookies
Cookies are stored on your computer when you use the website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard disk in association with the browser you are using and through which specific information flows to the agency that sets the cookie (in this case Patriot Systems). Cookies cannot initiate programs nor deliver viruses to your computer. They serve only to make the internet service more user-friendly and effective.
We use cookies in order to be able to identify you for subsequent visits, if you have an account with us. Otherwise, you would have to log in again for every visit.
The information stored using cookies is stored separately from any additional data provided with us. In particular, the cookie data is not associated with your other data.
You are always able to delete the cookies in the security settings of your browser.
Use of Google Services
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “Cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If you enable IP anonymization on this website, your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. By order of the operator of the website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity, and provide other services regarding website and internet use to the website operator.
The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of the Google Analytics will not be merged with other data from Google.
You may block cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings in your browser software.
Our website uses Google Conversion Tracking. If you clicked on an ad delivered by Google on our website, a cookie is placed on your computer by Google AdWords. The cookie for conversion tracking is placed when a user clicks on an ad delivered by Google. These cookies expire within 30 days and are not personally-identifiable. If the user visits certain pages on our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page. Every Google AdWords customer gets a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked across sites by AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted in for conversion tracking. Customers are given an overall number of users who have clicked on their ad and proceeded to a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that can personally identify users.
If you do not want to participate in the tracking, you can take the necessary steps to block a cookie – such as through a browser setting, which generally disables cookies from being stored, or adjust your browser settings in such a way that cookies from the domain “googleleadservices.com” are blocked. Please note that you may not delete the opt-out cookies as long as you do not wish for measurement data to be recorded. If you delete all of your cookies, you must reset the opt-out cookie once again.
How We Use Personal Data
Our products and services
We use Personal Data to facilitate the business relationships we have with our Customers, to comply with our financial regulatory and other legal obligations, and to pursue our legitimate business interests. We also use Personal Data to complete payment transactions and to provide payment-related services to our Users.
Marketing and events-related communications.
We may send you email marketing communications about Patriot System products and services, invite you to participate in our events or surveys, or otherwise communicate with you for marketing purposes, provided that we do so in accordance with the consent requirements that are imposed by applicable law. When we collect your business contact details through our participation at trade shows or other events, we may use the information to follow-up with you regarding an event, send you information that you have requested on our products and services and, with your permission, include you on our marketing information campaigns.
How We Disclose Personal Data
Patriot Systems does not sell or rent Personal Data to marketers or unaffiliated third parties.
1: We share Personal Data with other Patriot System entities in order to provide our Services and for internal administration purposes.
2: Corporate transactions. In the event that we enter into, or intend to enter into, a transaction that alters the structure of our business, such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, change of control, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, we may share Personal Data with third parties for the purpose of facilitating and completing the transaction.
3: Compliance and harm prevention. We share Personal Data as we believe necessary: (i) to comply with applicable law, or payment method rules; (ii) to enforce our contractual rights; (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, safety and property of Patriot Systems, you or others; and (iv) to respond to requests from courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, and other public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country of residence.
Your Rights
You choose the use and disclosure of your Personal Data with Patriot Systems.
Opting out of receiving emails and material:
If you no longer want to receive marketing related emails from us then you may unsubscribe via the link included in such newsletter emails. We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages that are required to provide you with our Services.
How you can see or change your account Personal Data:
If You would like to review, correct, or update Personal Data that You have previously disclosed to us you may do so by signing in to your Patriot Systems account at www.patriotsystems.com or by contacting us.
Your data protection rights:
Depending on your location and subject to applicable law, you may have the following rights with regard to the Personal Data we control about you:
The right to request confirmation of whether Patriot Systems processes Personal Data relating to you, and if so, to request a copy of that Personal Data;
The right to request that Patriot Systems rectifies or updates your Personal Data that is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated;
The right to request that Patriot Systems erase your Personal Data in certain circumstances provided by law;
The right to request that Patriot Systems restrict the use of your Personal Data in certain circumstances, such as while Patriot Systems considers another request that you have submitted (including a request that Patriot Systems make an update to your Personal Data);
Where the processing of your Personal Data is based on your previously given consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You may also have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data on grounds relating to your particular situation.
In order to exercise your data protection rights you may contact Patriot Systems as described in the Contact details below. We will listen to your request and comply to the extent required by applicable law. We will not be able to respond to a request if we no longer hold your Personal Data. If you feel that you have not received a satisfactory response from us, you may consult with the data protection authority in your country.
For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before responding to your request, such as verifying that the email address from which you send the request matches your email address that we have in our accounts. If we no longer need to process Personal Data about you in order to provide our Services or our Sites, we will not maintain, acquire or process additional information in order to identify you for the purpose of responding to your request.
Security and Retention
We make reasonable efforts to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk associated with the processing of Personal Data. We maintain organizational, technical and administrative measures designed to protect Personal Data within our organization against unauthorized access, destruction, loss, alteration or misuse. Your Personal Data is only accessible to a limited number of personnel who need access to the information to perform their duties. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure such as you feel that the security of your account has been compromised then contact us immediately.
If you are a Patriot Systems customer we retain your Personal Data as long as we are providing the Services to you. We retain Personal Data after we cease providing Services to you, even if you close your Patriot Systems account, to the extent necessary to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, and for the purpose of fraud monitoring, detection and prevention. We also retain Personal Data to comply with our tax, accounting, and financial reporting obligations, where we are required to retain the data by our contractual commitments to our financial partners, and where data retention is mandated by the payment methods that we support. Where we retain data, we do so in accordance with any limitation periods and records retention obligations that are imposed by applicable law.
International Data Transfers
We are a global business. Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have operations or where we engage service providers. We may transfer Personal Data that we maintain about you to recipients in countries other than the country in which the Personal Data was originally collected. Those countries may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. However, we will take measures to ensure that any such transfers comply with applicable data protection laws and that your Personal Data remains protected to the standards described in this Privacy Policy. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Data.
Updates To this Privacy Policy and Notifications
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new services, changes in our Personal Data practices or relevant laws. The “Last updated” information at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last edited. Any changes are effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. We may provide you with disclosures and alerts regarding the Privacy Policy or Personal Data collected by posting them on our website and, if you are a Patriot Systems Customer, by contacting you by email address and/or the physical address listed in your account.
Links To Other Websites
The Patriot Systems website may provide the ability to connect to other websites. These websites may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. If any linked website is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, any use of the website or the privacy practices of the operator of the website.
Contact Us
If You have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please contact our privacy officer electronically or send physical mail to:
Privacy Officer
Patriot Systems
PO BOX 1295
Gisborne, New Zealand
Privacy Officer at Patriot Systems
Video Tutorials
Video tutorials help new operators get an understanding of Patriot and advanced operators pick up time saving tips and tricks.
Patriot Videos
Documentation:
View our full library of documentation on Patriot and Patriot Modules by logging in here
Login to Web Portal
About Us:
Patriot Systems develops and markets industry leading Security Alarm Monitoring Automation software. The company was established in 1997, although development of the software began four years prior. Today, Patriot is recognised as a world leader in Alarm Monitoring Software.
Continue reading
Connect with us:
View the latest news and keep in touch with us on Facebook and LinkedIn
Site Map
Patriot Systems - Home
Patriot Solutions
Patriot Features
Patriot Modules
Plink First Response
Plink Patrols
Dispatch
Camera Modules
IP Modules
Messaging Modules
Accounting Modules
Lone Worker Modules
Privacy Policy
Exhibitions and Events
Contact
United States:
+1(574) 318 0088
United Kingdom: +44 (0) 161 7381301
Australia:
+61 (0) 7 3088 4925
New Zealand: +64 (0) 9 974 4691
Sales@patriotsystems.com
Support@patriotsystems.com
Log a support Call