https://www.interfolio.com/cookies-policy/
Skip to content
Products
Faculty Information System
Lifecycle Management
Faculty Search
Review, Promotion & Tenure
Faculty Activity Reporting
Data Service
Researchfish
Dossier
Challenges
Services
Services Overview
Implementation Overview
Help & Support
About Us
Our Company
Clients
Data
Client Committees
Careers
Contact
Resources
News & Events
Get a Demo
Log In
Search
Previous
Next
Cookies Policy
Updated January 1, 2020
At Interfolio, we believe in being transparent about how we collect and use data. This policy provides information about how and when we use cookies for these purposes.  We encourage you to also review our Privacy Policy which also includes additional details about the collection and use of information at Interfolio.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer or mobile device, which enables Interfolio features and functionality. They are unique to your account or your browser. Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.
To find out more about cookies, visit this site.
Does Interfolio use cookies?
Yes. Interfolio uses cookies and similar technologies like single-pixel gifs and web beacons. We use both session-based and persistent cookies. Interfolio sets and accesses our own cookies on the domains operated by Interfolio and its corporate affiliates (collectively, the “Sites”). In addition, we use third party cookies, like Google Analytics and Hotjar.
How is Interfolio using cookies?
Some cookies are associated with your account and personal information in order to remember that you are logged in and which workspaces you are logged into. Other cookies are not tied to your account but are unique and allow us to carry out analytics and customization, among other similar things.
Cookies can be used to recognize you when you visit a Site or use our Services, remember your preferences, and give you a personalized experience that’s consistent with your settings. Cookies also make your interactions faster and more secure.
Categories of Use
Description
Authentication
If you’re signed in to our Services, cookies help us show you the right information and personalize your experience.
Security
We use cookies to enable and support our security features, and to help us detect malicious activity.
Preferences, features and services
In all our products, including Dossier, Faculty Search, Review Promotion & Tenure, and Faculty180, we use cookies to remember user settings, such as the current user’s name and the tools to which they have access. When applying to a position through Dossier or viewing applications in Interfolio, we use cookies to make sure we’re taking you to the right content. By creating or signing in to an Interfolio account, we’ll assume you’re ok with us using cookies in this way. Cookies can tell us what your communications preferences are. They can help you fill out forms on our Sites more easily.
Performance, Analytics and Research
Throughout Interfolio’s site, we use web analytics software, specifically Google Analytics, to help us better understand how our users navigate and use our products. Analytics help us uncover bugs, improve user pathways, and build better services. Google offers a browser add-on for users who wish to prevent Google Analytics from collecting data.
What can you do if you don’t want cookies to be set or want them to be removed, or if you want to opt out of interest-based targeting?
Some people prefer not to allow cookies, which is why most browsers give you the ability to manage cookies to suit you. In some browsers you can set up rules to manage cookies on a site-by-site basis, giving you more fine-grained control over your privacy. What this means is that you can disallow cookies from all sites except those that you trust.
If you limit the ability of websites and applications to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience and/or lose the ability to access the services, since it will no longer be personalized to you. It may also stop you from saving customized settings, like login information.
Does Interfolio respond to Do Not Track Signals?
Our Sites and Services do not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Therefore, “do not track” signals transmitted from web browsers do not apply to our Sites or Services, and we do not alter any of our data collection and use practices upon receipt of such a signal.
We use cookies to enhance your experience when visiting our website. To find out more about cookies and how they are used, please review our Privacy Policy. XPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.