http://www.tonfisk-design.fi/pages/terms-of-service
Menu
Account
Search
Cart
0
Warm series
Newton
New Arrivals
All products
Spare parts
Noteboards
Our story
Shipping & Delivery
Workshop blog
Contact
Newsletter
https://www.facebook.com/tonfiskdesign/
https://www.instagram.com/tonfiskdesign/
info@tonfisk-design.fi
Terms of Service
Privacy
Returns
Copyright © 2020 Tonfisk Design
Tonfisk Design User Agreement1. Parties to this agreement2. Use of the Service3. Registration4. User responsibilities5. Privacy policy6. Ordering and Payment Terms7. Product prices8. Delivery9. Cancellation and returns10. Changes to the Service and this Agreement11. Jurisdiction and Settlement of Disputes12. Language of this Agreement1. Parties to this agreementThis user agreement (referred to hereinafter as the Agreement) contains the terms and conditions of the use of Tonfisk-design.com web service (referred to hereinafter as the Service) owned by Tonfisk Design Oy (referred to hereinafter as the Service Provider). When a person (referred to hereinafter as the User) completes the registration process or orders product/s, he or she agrees to this Agreement.2. Use of the Service2.1. The Service is intended for private individuals, institutions and companies2.2. Return policy does not apply to orders made by institutions or companies.2.3. You must be eighteen or older to order products from the Service.2.4. Everything in the Service, including images, drawings, sound, graphics and text, is protected by worldwide copyright and other proprietary laws and treaty provisions. Service Provider grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site, and not to download, except where specifically invited, nor to duplicate, sell or modify, any portion of this site without express written authorization from the Service Provider.3. Registration3.1. User can register by filling out the register form and choosing a user name and password. To register User must provide his/her real name, address, phone number/ mobile phone number and e-mail address. In addition to above mentioned information, the institutional and corporate customers must include the trade registry number and VAT number.3.2. By registration User warrants that he/she has read the provisions of this agreement, agrees to these provisions and pledges oneself to comply with these provisions.3.3. The User ordering on behalf of a company warrants that he/she has sufficient authority to order the items in question and bind that company to this Agreement.3.4. Registration is free of any charges.4. User responsibilities4.1. The User accepts responsibility for all activities that occur under his/her account or password. The User is solely responsible for maintaining the security of his/her password.4.2. The User warrants to the Service Provider that the information he/she provides during the registration process (and any notification of change of such information) is true and correct.4.3. The User warrants that he/she is over 18 years old.5. Privacy policy5.1. Service Provider is committed to respecting User´s privacy. Service Provider is the sole owner of the information collected on tonfisk-design.com. The information is used entirely and only by us, except in cases where we use third party agents to perform certain functions for us, such as credit card processing, delivering packages and fulfilling orders. In those cases, we provide only the information necessary for the performance of those specific functions.5.2. Service Provider does not transfer any information given by the User for third party for any other purpose than processing the order. We will not sell, share or rent this information to any other entity for any reason.5.3. Service Provider reserves right to transfer the information provided by the User to the authorities in the case of infringement of laws and violation of good practice (bona mores) by the User.5.4. User has the right to examine, change and delete information about him/herself from the register. Upon request we provide any site visitor who establishes his or her identity to our satisfaction with access to information that we have collected from them.6. Ordering and Payment Terms6.1. When an order is placed in the Service the binding sales agreement between the User and the Service Provider is reached when the User receives an order confirmation e-mail in which the availability and estimated delivery time are confirmed.6.2. Unless otherwise agreed by the Service Provider, payment must be received by the Service Provider prior to acceptance of an order.6.3. Service Provider reserves the right to reject any order in its sole discretion.7. Product prices7.1. The product price is the price displayed for the item on the Service at the time of ordering.7.2. Delivery charges are as listed.7.3. All the product prices and delivery charges are displayd in euros (EUR).7.4. All the product prices and delivery charges include VAT for purchases in EU. For purchases outside EU price are without VAT8. Delivery8.1. Delivery Charges as Listed.8.2 Delivery is sent Inco-Terms DAP. Service provider takes responsibility for the delivery charges themselves, Buyer takes responsibility for any possible local customs duties or taxes.8.3. Delivery times vary from product to product. Delivery time is determined by availability of the product and order destination.8.4. Service Provider shall not be liable for delays in performing or failure to perform this Agreement or any obligations hereunder, which are directly attributable to causes beyond its reasonable control (force majeure), including, but not limited to, acts of God, fires, strikes, labor disputes, war, acts or intervention by any governmental authority, failure of a common carrier, supplier, hardware, software, browser, or communications equipment, or network failure, congestion, or malfunction.8.5. Service Provider reserves the right to deliver different products ordered in the same time separately.8.6. Service Provider takes responsibility over the loss and damage of the product occurred during the delivery 8.7 Damages must be reported no later than 7 days from the day on which the item(s) were received.
9. Cancellation and returns9.1. User (except institutions and companies) has a fourteen-day right to return or exchange a product according to Finnish consumer protection legislation. This returns policy does not extend to products which are produced or altered according to the customer’s wishes.The customer has a right to return a product if1. The order has been cancelled according to the terms and conditions by notifying Tonfisk Design within 14 days of delivery,2. The product has not been used,3. The product is in the condition that the customer received it in and all the parts of the product are included in the package and4. The product has been repackaged into its original package or an equivalent.9.3. The product must be returned immediately after cancellation.9.4. When returning products User will be responsible for the risk of damages.10. Changes to the Service and this AgreementService Provider reserves the right to make changes to the Service, policies, and this User Agreement at any time.11. Jurisdiction and Settlement of DisputesThis User Agreement will be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Finland. Any contractual disputes are primarily settled through negotiations, in other cases disputes are settled at the Helsinki District Court, Finland.12. Language of this AgreementThe parties have agreed that this Agreement and related documents shall be written in English.
Search the store
Spread the word
Tonfisk Design Newsletter
Stay up to date on the latest product releases, special offers & news by signing up for our newsletter.