http://www.stockphoto.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is extremely important to us.
Stockphoto.com Pty Ltd operates the Stockphoto.com website, which provides the Service.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Stockphoto.com website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Stockphoto.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
It is the policy of Stockphoto.com Pty Ltd to comply with the Australian National Privacy Principles set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cwth) as required by that Act ("federal privacy law"). Apart from our legal and ethical commitment to meeting compliance with the law, we value and respect our relationships with our clients, website visitors and other individuals with whom we deal and we respect their desire for privacy.  Stockphoto.com provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Stockphoto.com Website.  Your use of our Website constitutes your consent and agreement to this Privacy Policy
Information Collection
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
We only collect information to better service enquiries and requests from clients and prospective clients, and to market our products and services to website visitors.
We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email, aggregate information on what pages users access or visit, and information volunteered by users (such as survey information and/or contact form submissions).
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and the quality of our service, and personally identifiable information is not shared with or sold to other organisations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or unless it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how visitors use this site. Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are small text files attached to your browser, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. Google keeps this data only to provide this service to us. This website may use remarketing campaigns with Google Analytics to advertise online. This means that third party vendors, including Google, may display ads for this site or our services across the Internet. We use anonymous information to inform, optimise and serve these display advertisements, based on your visit(s) to this site. You may opt out of this program by visiting http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
When you use the Stockphoto.com’s Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any web site. These server logs may include information such as, for example, your web request, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and associated URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request(s), and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your web browser.  We also may employ "clear GIFs" (a.k.a. Web Beacons or Web Bugs) to track the online usage patterns of our visitors anonymously (i.e., in a non-personally-identifiable manner) and/or to manage cookies.  In addition, we may use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
When you use our contact form, or email us, we may collect personal or business information such as your company name, full name, email address or contact details. We use this information only for the following general purposes: products and services provision, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
Storage of Collected Information
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Stockphoto.com uses a variety of commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to seek to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Stockphoto.com and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, Stockphoto.com will make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of the Stockphoto.com Website and our systems. However, please note that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and this is not a guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a subversion of our safeguards.
When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) on our website, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). When Credit Card details are collected, we simply pass them on in order to be processed as required. We never permanently store complete Credit Card details. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can email us at email@stockphoto.com.
Access to Collected Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing us at email@stockphoto.com.
Orders
If you purchase a product or service from us, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. You may be required to provide contact information (such as name, Email, and postal address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Communications
Stockphoto.com Pty Ltd uses personally identifiable information for essential communications, such as Emails, accounts information, and critical service details. We may also use this information for other purposes, including some promotional Emails. If at any time a customer wishes not to receive such correspondence, they can request to be removed from any mailing lists by emailing us at email@stockphoto.com. You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
Third Parties
Stockphoto.com Pty Ltd may at its discretion use other third parties to provide essential services on our site or for our business processes. We may share your details as necessary for the third party to provide that service. These third parties are generally prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. Stockphoto.com does not share any information with third parties for any unknown or unrelated uses.
Stockphoto.com may allow third parties to serve advertisements within the Stockphoto.com Website. These third parties use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the Stockphoto.com Website. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as, for example, cookies, JavaScript, or clear GIFs) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see.  Such third-party advertisements and web sites are not under the control of Stockphoto.com and therefore Stockphoto.com is not responsible for the content of any linked advertisement or website.
Legal
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.
Links
Links on the Stockphoto.com site to external entities are not covered within this policy. The terms and conditions set out in this privacy statement only cover the domain name of Stockphoto.com.
Changes
Stockphoto.com Pty Ltd may periodically update this policy without warning. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Stockphoto.com Website constitutes your consent and agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.
Last updated
This policy was last updated on 9th June 2020.