http://www.bnbank.com/about-bnb/privacy-disclosures
Skip Navigation Download Adobe® Acrobat Reader to view Portable Document Format (PDF).
Privacy Disclosures
Brenham National Bank's Website Privacy Policy Notice
Certain personal information about visitors to this Website is being collected by Brenham National Bank, located in Brenham, Texas. Personal information is collected from you at the time transactions are conducted through the on-line banking services, and at the time information is provided by you via e-mail (including the name, e-mail address, and any other information on the email header). The Bank does use "cookies" to collect and track information about you.
The Bank does gather data regarding visits to the Website, including domain name, pages visited, length of user session, etc., to evaluate the usefulness of the Website. In order to provide better and more effective Website services, the Bank will use "cookies" as part of the interaction with the customer's computer browser. A "cookie" is a small text file placed on a hard drive by the Bank's Webpager Server. The Bank will use "cookies" to determine if a user has previously visited the Website and for other administrative purposes as the bank deems necessary. The "cookies" will be designed so as not to collect personal, non-public financial information.
Information is collected for the purpose of processing your survey forms, transactions, or requests for information. The information will be used for the purposes of meeting your banking needs and requests, and providing services to you in the future. The Bank does not sell or share customer information with any non-affiliated third parties except certain third party service providers. These entities will be required to execute a confidentiality agreement with the Bank which requires adherence to the Bank's Privacy Policy and practices. The Bank shares information with companies which are affiliated with the Bank by common control and as permitted by law in order to provide you with better services and more options.
Customer information provided on voluntary surveys and promotions on the Website will be used for internal marketing purposes, including but not limited to developing Website information and services. In addition, customers may be informed of new or upgraded products and services. When customers use the various planning tools, including calculators and worksheets on the Website, the Bank does not capture the personal information provided on the planning tools.
Customers who bank on-line with the Bank or link to outside buying and brokerage services, will be required to enter non-public financial information. Information retained in the Bank's system will at all times be secured through appropriate encryption or other security devices to insure against outside access.
Customers may provide email addresses to correspond with the Bank. In these cases, the Bank does collect customer information, if necessary, to interact with them. If they do not interact with the Bank and browse www.bnbank.bank anonymously, personal information such as their email address, is not collected.
If you do not want your personal information collected, you may refrain from supplying the information, whether through e-mail or the Bank's online banking service. You also may restrict the use of, or limit the disclosure of your personal information by notifying the Bank that you do not want your personal information shared with entities affiliated with the Bank. This written notice should be delivered to the Compliance Officer at Brenham National Bank, P.O. Box 2568, Brenham, Texas 77834. Since some e-mail transmissions may be subject to interception, if your correspondence contains sensitive information (your account number or social security number) you may want to send a letter or a facsimile to the Bank.
The Bank is taking the following steps to insure the privacy and accuracy of the information collected from or about you. Ensuring your financial privacy is of vital importance to the Bank and its employees. The Bank limits employee access to confidential customer financial information to those with a business reason for knowing such information. Bank employees are trained to understand customer financial privacy and to properly handle confidential information. The bank endeavors to maintain the most accurate and up to date customer records possible. If you find that your account information is not correct, current, or complete, please call or write to the Bank at the telephone number or address on your account statement and appropriate corrections will be made as soon as possible.
Additionally, information you submit via our online banking service is protected by encryption technology which scrambles account information to reduce the possibility of access by unauthorized individuals outside the Bank. To further protect your online banking service, the Bank requires the use of an ID and password. If you feel the bank has not met its obligation to the protection or use of your personal information, you may submit a complaint in writing to the Bank. Any complaint will be handled in compliance with the Bank's Consumer Complaints Policy. Breaches of customer privacy are considered serious employee misconduct, and may result in the termination of the employee.
We recognize the importance of protecting children's identity and privacy online. The Bank's Website is not directed at children, and the Bank does not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from children.
You should be aware that when you are at www.bnbank.bank you could be directed to other Internet sites that are beyond the Bank's control. There are hyperlinks to other Internet sites from the Bank's web pages that take you outside the Bank's service. These other Internet sites may send their own "cookies" to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Please keep in mind, that whenever you give out personal information online, that information can be collected and used by people you do not know. While the Bank strives to protect their users' personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of all information you disclose on-line and you do so at your own risk. The Bank is not responsible for the privacy practices of the content of other Internet sites.
Brenham National Bank wants to be very clear - that it does not obtain personally identifiable information about you when you visit the the Bank's Website unless you choose to supply such information to the Bank. While the Bank tries to keep the Website up to date and accurate at all times, there is the possibility that unforeseen circumstances could affect the site. As a result, the Bank is not responsible for any loss or damage customers incur resulting from information obtained through the Website's content, posting, or financial planning tools.
For questions about this information, call 979-836-4571.
Online Banking
Check out our new and improved Online Banking experience with advanced security and a fresh new look.
Explore Online Banking
Business Checking Accounts
Brenham National Bank offers a variety of business checking plans to suit the needs of any business.
Compare Checking Accounts
Close Online BankingOnline BankingUsername Forgot Password Close SearchSearchEnter search terms Submit Search