http://www.adam.com/privacy-policy
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
search
Home Privacy Policy
A.D.A.M. Privacy Policy
At A.D.A.M., we take your privacy seriously
Effective Date: April 29, 2014
We are A.D.A.M., with our head office located at 1 Ebix Way, Johns Creek,
Georgia 30097 (referred to as “us”, “our”, “we”, “Company”, “A.D.A.M.”). We are
committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes
the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when
you visit the A.D.A.M.
A.D.A.M. website located at www.adam.com, (the “Website”) (collectively, the “Services”)
or its eLearning Programs, and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining,
protecting and disclosing such information. This Privacy Policy applies to information
we collect: (i) through our Services, (ii) in text and electronic messages between
you and our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected
by us offline or via third-party sites that may be accessed through hyperlinks on
our Services.
Notice to California Residents under CCPA Regulation:
What are your rights?
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data which should be exercised by contacting the User or 'controller' of this data. As a service provider Ebix may only be a ‘custodian’ of the data holding it on behalf of the ‘controller’. You have the right to request the ‘controller’ provide access to various details about data usage. This may include data access, data history, data retention requests for the erasure of data no longer required, requests to restrict access on the processing or usage of your data.
Contact and complaints
You can contact us with any queries or concerns at the following email address Privacy@ebix.com
If you have a complaint or concern about how we use your personal data, please contact us in the first instance and we will attempt to resolve the issue as soon as possible. In the US, the supervisory authority for data protect ion is the I COOAG (https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa). We do ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
Further information on CCPA regulation can be found at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa
Notice to EU Residents under GDPR Regulation:
What are your rights?
You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data which should be exercised by contacting Ebix Inc. who is the 'controller' of this data. In summary, you may request us to ensure you can access your data, request the rectification of any mistakes relating to your data, request the erasure of records which are no longer required, request the restriction on the processing of your data, object to the processing of your data, or request to exercise your right of data portability.
Contact and Complaints
You can contact us with any queries or concerns at the following email address GDPR.Ebix@ebix.com If you have a complaint or concern about how we use your personal data, please contact us in the first instance and we will attempt to resolve the issue as soon as possible. You also have a right to lodge a complaint with your national data protection supervisory authority at any time. In the UK, the supervisory authority for data protection is the ICO (https://ico.org.uk/). We do ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time.
By accessing or using our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES.
Please read the information below:
Consumer Health
Privacy Statement
Education
Privacy Statement
Pharma and Life Sciences
Ebix Privacy Statement
Benergy
Ebix Privacy Statement
A.D.A.M. OnDemand™
A.D.A.M. OnDemand™
Website Policy
Ask A Doctor
HCM Terms and Conditions,
Disclaimer, Fair Use and Privacy Policy.
Recent News
Our A.D.A.M. OnDemand Catalog
is Growing!
A.D.A.M. OnDemand is the most comprehensive library of off-the-shelf medical eLearning
programs for patients, students, health care professionals and the pharmaceutical
industry.
READ MORE
FREE In Depth Report
An Extensive Look Into Common Health Issues
Our In Depth Reports are designed for health information seekers looking for more comprehensive and detailed information about common chronic diseases and wellness issues like cholesterol, lung cancer, heart disease and smoking.
READ MORE
A.D.A.M. Images
Award Winning Medical Image Library
Adamimages.com is one of the world’s largest libraries of medical illustrations with nearly 30,000 detailed and medically accurate images ready for immediate
download.
READ MORE