http://www.pdra.org/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policywppdra2017-05-24T11:06:46-05:00
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Paint & Decorating Retailers Association (PDRA) website. On some pages, you can submit personal information. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number(s)
State of residence
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when requesting contact only to complete that contact request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive and to contact you in the future with information regarding PDRA. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at info@pdra.org.