https://www.leemingpeel-springs.co.uk/privacy-policy/
All for Joomla
All for Webmasters
Home
About Us
Products
Compression Springs
Tension Springs
Torsion Springs
Garter Springs
Flat Springs
Wireforms
Circlips & Snap Rings
Finishes & Coatings
Blog
Contact
Get a Quote
sales@leemingpeel-springs.co.uk
01274 491464
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy notice is for this website; www.leemingpeel-springs.co.uk and served by Leeming & Peel Ltd, Duncombe Street, Bradford, BD8 9AJ and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy, you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
What data is being collected?
• Personal Information.
• Email.
• Contact number.
• Demographic data
• Postal address
Who is collecting it?
Personal information is collected by Leeming & Peel Ltd from you when you complete an enquiry or registration form or email us your details.
Why are we collecting it?
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with more information for the products/services you have requested. Your information may also be stored in a CRM system for Internal record keeping. We may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
How are we collecting it?
Leeming & Peel Ltd also collect information automatically about your visit to our site. Information obtained in this way, such as demographic data and browsing patterns, is only used in aggregate form, i.e your individual identity is not revealed.
How are we using it?
We will use it to confirm who you are when you contact us. We will use it to verify your name and address by checking your details against our databases and to check against information held by credit reference agencies.
Do we plan to share it?
We will only share personal information with others when we are legally permitted to do so. When we share data with others, we put contractual arrangements in place to protect the data and comply with our data protection.
How long will we store it?
We’ll keep your personal information securely stored for as long as we need it to provide you with the services you want from us. Depending on what information we hold
What control do I have over it?
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, please write to or email us.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows.
• the right to be informed;
• the right of access;
• the right to rectification;
• the right to erasure;
• the right to restrict processing;
• the right to data portability;
• the right to object; and
• the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
Links
For your convenience we have included links on this website to other sites that we believe you may find useful.
Please ensure, when you click on any of our links, that you read the privacy statement located on the website you have selected.
Any websites connected with this site are not within our control.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of the website which helps us to provide you with a better experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
The cookies we use are ‘analytical’ cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they’re using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example by making sure users are finding what they need easily.
For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognises only the consumer’s domain name. This information can be used to locate some geographical information, for example your nearest town. In some cases, it may identify your ‘network name’ (if for example you are accessing our website from an organisation with its own network). It does not give us any personal information relating to you as an individual (such as your name, address or email address). This information is used for internal review to improve the content of our web pages and its relevance to our customers.
By using our website, you are consenting to our usage of the cookies described above. If you do not wish to consent, you can change your browser settings to disallow cookies on this and/or other websites.
If you wish to discuss our privacy notice in more details, please email us sales@leemingpeel-springs.co.uk
Copyright © 2018 Leeming & Peel Ltd, All Right Reserved. Website by Trio Media | Privacy Policy