http://www.flys.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Welcome
Thank you for visiting the Black Flys store. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at our site.
The Information We Collect
You provide specific personal information during the purchase of goods and/or services from our site. The information includes: your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, payment information and your interest in specific types of products and/or services.  We may also collect certain non-personal information including the type of browser you are using (e.g. Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g. Windows 95, Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g. America Online, Earthlink).
How We Use the Information
We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your order for our goods and/or services, to respond to your inquiries about your order and to notify you about the status of your order. The non-personal information gathered may be used to improve the design and content of our site and in the aggregate to analyze site usage. And finally we may disclose personal information in response to a charge-back inquiry from our merchant bank about your payment for goods and/or services. We will not sell or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us to parties outside of our company except as described above.
Collection of Information by Third Party Sites
Our site may contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites’ privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.
Cookies
To enhance your experience with our site, many of our web pages use “cookies” and shopper ID’s. Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to furnish our site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
"Text Marketing and notifications:
By subscribing to text notifications you agree to receive recurring automated marketing messages at the phone number provided. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Reply STOP to unsubscribe. HELP for help. Msg & Data rates may apply. More info view Privacy Policy and ToS."
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy for this site please contact us directly.
E-mail: info@flys.com
Phone: 714-557-2414
The FLY CHRONICAL SIGN UP to get the latest on sales, new releases and more!