https://www.donrowe.com/terms_privacy.asp
Need Help? Call Now! 800-367-3019
Home
|
FAQ
|
My Account
|
My Cart
Inverters
Cables
Accessories
Solar
Chargers
Privacy & Security
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy is precious.
We respect yours. We
want you to know that the information you provide to us — whether to recommend
our website to a friend, or order our products — will never be divulged,
sold, or shared with anyone, for any reason. Period.
Our Security Procedures
Security Confirmation
- Upon placing
an order, we'll send you an email confirming the order. We'll also send you an
email as soon as the order is shipped. This will not only keep you informed of
your order's progress, but will also alert you if someone is using your account
or computer without your permission. If you receive a confirmation for an order
you did not place, please email us immediately at sales@donrowe.com
The Most Powerful
Encryption on the Internet - All the experts agree: If a vendor takes
standard security precautions, transferring private information over the Internet
is actually safer than handing your credit card to a waiter or checkout clerk.We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety
of your personal information. Your personal information is contained
behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of
persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required
to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access
your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All
sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket
Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only
accessed as stated above. This technology represents the highest level of security available
on the Internet and automatically:
Encrypts information while
traveling over the InternetVerifies the identity of
the server using a certificate and digital signatureVerifies that the original
content of a message arrives at a destination. Final Protection:
Credit Card Issuer Guarantees -
Just like in the physical world, credit
card purchases are insured through your credit card company over the Internet.
This final layer of protection from your credit card company limits your liability
in the case of fraud and acts as a safety-net for everyone doing electronic commerce
over the Internet. Typically, debit cards are treated differently than credit
cards so you should check with your bank. Also, see your credit card company for
more information.
Search by Brands
Magnum Energy
Samlex America
KISAE
Xantrex
Wagan Tech
Power Bright
Krieger
IOTA
PowerMax
Cotek
Authorized Dealer
Need help? Have questions? Call us now! 800-367-3019
About
Company Info
Contact Us
Shipping
Returns
Privacy
Products
Inverters
Chargers
Cables
Accessories
Solar
My Account
View Cart
Order Status
Sign-In
Resources
User Guides
Blog
FAQs
© 2000- DonRowe.com. All rights reserved.
Built with Volusion