http://www.4wallentertainment.com/legal/gdpr
GDPR | 4Wall Entertainment
4Wall Entertainment
RENTALS
Overview Rental Inventory Request a Quote
SALES
Overview Request a Sales Quote UsedLighting.com NewLighting.com
SYSTEMS
NEWS
Press Center Events
PORTFOLIO
ABOUT
Overview Our Company Executive Profiles 4Wall Careers Testimonials Blog Videos
CONTACT
Boston Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Nashville
New York Orlando Pennsylvania Washington DC UK - Blackburn UK - London Germany
Management Team
CART (0)
QUOTE
SIGN IN
SEARCH
CART (0)
QUOTE
SIGN IN
SEARCH
RENTAL CART (0)
REQUEST A QUOTE
SEARCH
How We're Supporting Our Communities During COVID-19
Learn More
0
How We're Supporting Our Communities During COVID-19 Click here to learn more.
Rental Cart (0)
Request A Quote
RENTALS
Overview Rental Inventory Request a Quote
SALES
Overview Request a Sales Quote UsedLighting.com NewLighting.com
SYSTEMS PORTFOLIO
NEWS
Press Center Events
ABOUT US
Overview Our Company Executive Profiles 4Wall Careers Testimonials Videos Blog
CONTACT US
Management Boston Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Nashville New York Orlando Pennsylvania Washington DC UK Blackburn UK London Germany
General Data Protection Regulation Cookie Policy
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data containing text sent from a website to your computer or mobile device, where they are stored locally. They can uniquely identify your internet browser (like Google Chrome or Apple Safari) or device to help us enhance your user experience and provide additional functionality. They can be used for storing preferences, protecting your data, tracking geolocation, and targeting advertising. We use cookies on our website(s), so please read the following cookie policy to understand what cookies are used, how you can manage this, and how to contact us for any questions or complaints.
Why Do We Use Cookies?
We use cookies to get a better understanding of how you use our website and interact with content. We may use cookies for remembering you language preferences or not requiring you to sign in every time you visit the website. These cookies may also track your geolocation so that we can offer deals and prices specific to your location. Also, we may use your usage data to provide targeted advertisements on third party websites. A more comprehensive list of cookies and uses are outlined below.
What Kind of Cookies Are Used?
4Wall.com uses both first-party and third-party cookies on our website.
The first-party cookies used are issued by the 4Wall.com domain. They serve many purposes (outlined in the “Types of Cookies” section below), generally to render basic website functionality, location preferences, and more.
In addition, third-party cookies belonging to other parties, including business partners and service providers, are used by the website. The cookies (outlined below) are used to login with your social media accounts, advertising, and more. Specifics on these cookies are outlined in the “Third-Party Cookies” section below.
Types of Cookies In general, there are four categories of cookies that 4Wall.com uses:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential to the basic functionality of the website, such as to access secure areas of the site and to log on to your user account. They enable user navigation around the website. This category of cookies cannot be disabled.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies help us to tailor the website to provide enhanced features and content based on how you have used the website previously and set up other customization, such as language preferences, remembering usernames, and geolocation. The information tracked by these cookies may be anonymous and not used to track your browsing activity on other sites.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use our website. The cookies tell us which pages you visit, how often, errors encountered, and how we can improve your experience. These are generally collected for statistical purposes and do not contain personal information, such as name or email address.
Targeting and Advertising Cookies: These cookies provide information about user interaction with our content to help us and third parties (including advertisers) deliver relevant advertisements and to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. However, these cookies are anonymous and cannot be linked to your user account.
Third-Party Cookies Third-party suppliers may be used by the website to improve functionality, target advertisements, and more. Third-party cookies are placed by another party on your device through our website. For example, you may visit a page on the UsedLighting.com and NewLighting.com websites with an embedded YouTube video. Videos, links, and other content from third parties may contain third-party cookies. They may be used to understand how you use their services and/or for targeted advertising elsewhere on the internet. Please consult the third-party cookie policy and familiarize yourself with how to manage those cookies.
Cookie Purpose Opt-Out Link & More Details
Bing
To understand effectiveness of our Bing campaigns by tracking actions on the website once ads have been clicked.
https://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-out
Google Analytics
To understand effectiveness of our media campaigns.
To understand how users interact with the website in order to improve user experience.
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Google Tracking Cookies
To understand if users perform certain actions on the website after seeing or clicking an advertisement provided by Google.
To allow Google to deliver engaging, targeting ads across other Google partner websites.
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
Facebook
To allow users to easily share content through the Facebook website/mobile application.
To provide you with targeted ads on Facebook based on your engagement with our website.
https://en-gb.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Hubspot
To track the successfulness of our email marketing campaigns To provide better targeted marketing to our email subscribers
https://legal.hubspot.com/cookie-policy
LinkedIn
To perform campaign reporting and insights for users who visit the website from campaigns run on LinkedIn.
https://www.linkedin.com/help/lms/answer/65521/the-linkedin-insight-tag-overview?lang=en
Twitter
To easily share our website content from your Twitter account.
To provide you with targeted ads on Twitter based on your engagement with our website.
https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170410
YouTube
To remember preference for YouTube videos, such as resolution, audio settings, favorited videos, and more.
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB
How Long Will Cookies Remain?
Cookies stay on your device(s) for differing amounts of time, depending on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie:
Persistent cookies: These cookies are used to remember your preferences on the website, to analyze user behavior to establish patterns of usage and preferences, and to improve functionality of the website. They remain on your computer or device until they expire or they are deleted by you. They persist even after you close the browser and restart your computer.
Session cookies: These cookies are used to remember your activity during the course of the current website visit. They are temporary and only stay on your computer or device only until you stop the current browsing session.
How to Manage Cookie Preferences? As a user, you have the right to reject, delete, or otherwise limit the use of any and all types of cookies used while visiting the 4Wall.com website. You can change your cookie preferences by adjusting your browser setting. Be aware most browsers automatically accept cookies, so if you do not want cookies to be used, you may need to proactively delete or block the cookies. However, many of the cookies are important for the intended use of the website, so rejecting, deleting, or limiting the use of cookies may not result in optimal functionality of the website. For more information on cookies and how to manage preferences, please refer to this external resource: https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-delete-cookies/
For any questions, concerns, or requests to exercise your rights outlined in this privacy notice, please contact our Security Officer, Dan Adams via email at dadams@4wall.com phone at 702-263-3858, or mail at 3165 W. Sunset Rd. Suite 100, Las Vegas, NV 89118.
Changes to this cookie policy:
This cookie policy was last updated on 05/2019
subscribe to our newsletter:
Follow Us
4Wall Entertainment, Inc.
Home Rentals Rental Inventory Sales Systems & Design Our Portfolio Request a Quote Contact Us My Account
About Us
Our Company Executive Profiles Corporate Contacts Press Center Events 4Wall Careers Testimonials Videos Blog
United States
Boston Detroit Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles Miami Nashville New York Orlando Pennsylvania Washington DC
United Kingdom
Blackburn London
Sales
Used Stage Lighting Used Moving Lights New Moving Lights New LED Lighting Used Audio Equipment Used Video Equipment Weekly Specials
powered by Web Design Las Vegas | Privacy Policy | GDPR | Do Not Sell My Information
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site and to enhance and personalise your experience across the 4Wall portfolio of brands. To find out more, read our privacy policy and cookie policy.
Accept