http://www.esd-electronics.com/en/content/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
You are hereHome › Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This English translation of the privacy policy is a service for the visitors of the website. The content of the German version of the Privacy Policy (Datenschutzerklärung) is authoritative.
Data Protection acc. to EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)The protection of personal data has a high priority for esd electronics gmbh. This privacy statement informs the visitors of the website of esd electronics which data are collected for which purpose and for which usage.esd electronics gmbh renounces on profiling and tracking of personal data of registered user web traffic, contact forms as well as on email newsletters.
In accordance with general data protection regulations, the national data protection acts of the members states and other related data policy provisions, the responsible operator of this website is:
esd electronics gmbhVahrenwalder Str. 20730165 Hannover – GERMANYPhone: +49 511-37298-0Email: support@esd.euWebsite: www.esd.eu
The following data protection regulations apply to the offers presented by esd electronics gmbh (hereinafter referred to as "esd") on the internet www.esd.eu (hereinafter referred to as "website"). The privacy statement is structured under the following headings and presents the required information in its entirety.
Content1. General Infomation on Data Processing 2. Provision of the Website and Creation of Log Files 3. Use of Cookies 4. User Registration 5. Newsletter 6. Contact Form and Emails 7. Web Analysis 8. Rights of the Data Subject
1. General Information on Data Processing
Type and Scope of Personal Data Processingesd collects and uses the users' personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functional website and to provide content and services of the website. The processing of the users' personal data is only done with the user's consent. An exception applies in cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for practical reasons and the processing of data is permitted by law.
Legal Basis for Processing of Personal DataInsofar as esd obtains consent from the data subject for the processing of personal data, Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis for processing personal data. Art. 6 Para 1 (d) of GDPR serves as the legal basis in the event that the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data. Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) of GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing if processing is required to safeguard a legitimate interest of esd or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights, and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the first-mentioned interest.
Deletion of Data and Retention PeriodsThe personal data of the data subject will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of storage ceases to apply. Data may be stored beyond this period if this has been foreseen by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or other provisions to which esd is subject. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of data for the conclusion or fulfillment of a contract.
2. Provision of the Website and Creation of Log Files
Type and Scope of Personal Data ProcessingOn each retrieval of esd's website, the system automatically gathers data and information from the computer system of the accessing computer. The website is provided by a hosting provider. The privacy agreement for the hosting services is contractually agreed in accordance with Art. 28 of GDPR. The following data is collected:
The user’s IP address in anonymized form
Data and time of the access
URL of the webpage
Used protocol and status code
Amount of data
URL which linked the user's system to esd's website (referrer)
Information on the user's web browser (type, version, operating system)
Called host name
The data will likewise be stored in log files. This data will not be stored together with other personal data of the user.
Legal Basis for Processing of Personal DataThe legal basis for the temporary storing of the data and log files is Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR.
Purpose of Personal Data ProcessingThe temporary storing of the above listed data by the system is necessary to enable a delivery of the website to the computer of the user. The information gathered is used for statistical purposes as well as for improvement and error detection at esd's website. The website operator reserves the right to check the server log files later if specific reasons indicate concrete evidence of unlawful use. The log files are stored in order to ensure the functionality of the website. In addition, the data helps esd to optimise the website and to ensure the security of esd's IT systems. The data is not analyzed for marketing purposes in this context.
Retention PeriodThe data will be deleted, as soon as it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose for gathering it.
Opposition and Cancellation ProceedingsThe gathering of the data for the purpose of providing the website and the storing of the data in log files is necessarily required for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no possibility to object for the user.
3. Use of Cookies
Type and Scope of Personal Data ProcessingThe website of esd uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the internet browser or that are stored by the internet browser on the user’s computer system. If a user retrieves a website, a cookie can be stored in the user’s operating system. This cookie contains a sequence of characters that enable a definitive identification of the browser upon repeated retrieval of the website. esd uses cookies to make the website more user-friendly. Some elements of esd's website also require the ability to identify the requesting browser after a page change.The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
Login information (user-id, session-id, JavaScript support of browser)
State of control elements of the web interface
Acceptance of cookies
Furthermore esd uses cookies which help to analyze the users' surfing behavior. These cookies store the following data:
Matomos session-id
Matomos user-id, pseudonymised
The user data collected in this way is pseudonymised by technical precautions. It is therefore no longer possible to assign the data to the user. The data is not stored together with other personal user data.When visiting esd's website, an information banner informs users about the use of cookies for analytical purposes. In this context, there is also a note about how to prevent cookies being stored by means of the browser settings. The user's consent is obtained for processing the data within the scope and reference is made to this privacy policy.
Legal Basis for Processing of Personal DataThe legal basis for processing personal data by means of cookies is Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) of GDPR.
Purpose of Personal Data ProcessingThe purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify use of websites for users. Some functions of esd's website cannot be provided without the use of cookies. Such functions require the browser to be recognized after a page change.Cookies are necessary for the following applications:
Storage of login information and authentication
State of control elements of the web interface (e.g. pull down menus with tree structure)
The user data collected by technically necessary cookies is not used to create user profiles.
The use of analyzis cookies is for the purpose of improving the quality of esd's website and its contents. The analyzis cookies return information on the website usage and this allows esd to continuously optimize the website.The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:
URL of the webpage
URL which linked the user's system to esd's website (referrer)
Sub-pages opened by the called website
Length of stay on the website
Frequency of calling esd's website
Countries of origin
Information on the user's web browser and operating system
Used Search engine and search terms
These purposes are also justified esd's interests in the data processing pursuant to Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR.
Retention Period, Opposition and Cancellation ProceedingsCookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to esd's website. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for the esd website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website to their fullest extent. A login is no longer possible in this case.
4. Registration
Type and Scope of Personal Data ProcessingThe esd website offers users the possibility to register by entering personal data. The data is entered in an input mask and it is transmitted to esd and stored by esd. The data will not be passed on to third parties. esd renounces on profiling and tracking of personal data of registered user web traffic, contact forms as well as on email newsletters.The following data is gathered in the course of the registration process:
Gender
First and last name
Company
Department
Street an no.
City
Post code
Country
Phone
Date and time of registration
The user may also state his interests of the following categories: hardware, OS support and software
As part of the registration process, the consent of the user to process this data is obtained.
Legal Basis for Processing of Personal DataThe legal basis for the processing of the data, if the user has granted a consent, is Art. 6 (1) lit. a) GDPR.
Purpose of Personal Data ProcessingUser registration is required for the provision of certain content and services on esd's website.
Download of manuals
Download of software (e.g. tools, drivers and BSPs)
Support
Retention PeriodThe data will be deleted, as soon as it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose for gathering it. This will be the case for data collected during the registration process, if the user account at esd's website is deleted.
Opposition and Cancellation ProceedingsAs a user, you have the option at any time to cancel the registration. You can have the data stored about you be changed at any time. Furthermore you can read, change or delete your personal data and your stored interests in your user account (under "My account" via the tab "Edit") by yourself.
5. Newsletter
Type and Scope of Personal Data ProcessingYou can subscribe to a free newsletter on esd's website. When registering for the newsletter, the data from the input mask is transmitted to esd. esd renounces on profiling and tracking of personal data of registered user web traffic, contact forms as well as on email newsletters.The following data is also collected during the registration process:
Gender
First and last name
Company
Department
Street an no.
City
Post code
Country
Phone
Date and time of registration
Your consent is obtained for processing the data within the scope of the registration process and reference is made to this privacy policy.
The newsletter mailing is done on the basis of the sale of goods or services:When you purchase goods or services on esd's website and in this case deposit your e-mail address, this can subsequently be used by esd for sending a newsletter. In such a case, only information about products and novelties for own similar goods or services will be sent via the newsletter.The data is not passed on to third parties in connection with data processing for sending newsletters. The data is used exclusively for sending the newsletter.
Legal Basis for Processing of Personal DataThe legal basis for the processing of the data after registration for a newsletter, if the user has granted a consent, is Art. 6 (1) lit. a) GDPR.The legal basis for the newsletter mailing on the basis of the sale of goods or services is §7 Art. 3 of the Law against Unfair Competition (UWG). If the contact by email aims at the conclusion of a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. b) GDPR.
Purpose of Personal Data ProcessingThe requested email of the user is required to mail the newsletter to the user.
Retention PeriodThe data will be deleted, as soon as it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose for gathering it. The user's email address is therefore stored for as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active.
Opposition and Cancellation ProceedingsThe subscription to the newsletter can be canceled by the respective user at any time. There is a corresponding information in each newsletter. Furthermore you can view your current newsletter settings, unsubscribe or subscribe again the newsletter in the personal data settings of your user account (under "My account" via the tab "Edit") by yourself.This also allows you to revoke your consent to the storage of personal data collected during the registration process.
6. Contact Form and Emails
Type and Scope of Personal Data ProcessingContact forms are available on esd's website, which can be used to contact esd electronically. If a user uses this option, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to esd and stored by esd. esd renounces on profiling and tracking of personal data of registered user web traffic, contact forms as well as on email newsletters. When you purchase goods or services on esd's website and in this case deposit your e-mail address, this can be used by esd subsequently for direct advertising purposes as well as for mailing information about products and novelties for own similar goods or services.
The following user data collected via the contact form are transmitted and stored by esd:
Gender
First and last name
Company
Department
Street an no.
City
Post code
Country
Phone
Date and time of registration
Your consent to the use of the data will be requested in the course of the transmission process and a reference to this Data Privacy Policy will be made.If contact is offered via a provided email address, the user’s personal data transmitted along with the email will be stored in that case. The data will not be passed on to third parties in this context. The data will be used exclusively for the processing of the communication.
Legal Basis for Processing of Personal DataThe legal basis for the processing of the data, if the user has granted a consent, is Art. 6 (1) lit. a) GDPR.The legal basis for the processing of the data that is transmitted in the course of sending an email is Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR. If the contact by email aims at the conclusion of a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 (1) lit. b) GDPR.
Purpose of Personal Data ProcessingThe processing of the personal data from the input mask serves solely for esd's processing of the communication. In the event of contact by email, this is also the required justified interest in the processing of the data. The other personal data processed in the course of the transmission process serves to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of esd's IT systems.
Deletion of Data and Retention PeriodsThe data will be deleted, as soon as it is no longer needed to achieve the purpose for gathering it. This is the case, regarding the personal data originating from the input mask of the contact form and the data that has been transmitted with the email, when the respective communication with the user is terminated. The communication is terminated when it can be seen based on the circumstances that the relevant facts have been clarified conclusively.
Opposition and Cancellation ProceedingsThe user has the possibility at all times to revoke his/her consent to the processing of personal data. If the user contacts esd by email, he/she can object at any time to the storing of his/her personal data. In such a case, the communication cannot be continued. The user may exercise his/her right to information. Based on this information the user can object the storage of personal data. All personal data that has been stored in the course of the contacting will be deleted in that case.
7. Web Analysis
7.1 Matomo (formerly PIWIK)
Scope of Personal Data ProcessingOn the esd website the open source software tool Matomo (formerly PIWIK) is used to analyze the surfing behavior of the users. The software stores a cookie in the user's computer (refer chapter Cookies above).
If pages of the esd website are called, the following data is stored:
Two bytes of the IP address of the calling computer system of the user
URLs of the webpages
URL which linked the user's system to esd's website (referrer)
Sub-pages opened by the called website
Length of stay on website
Frequency of calling esd's website
Countries of origin
Information on the user's web browser and operating system
Used Search engine and search terms
The software runs exclusively on the servers of the esd website. The data is only stored there. The data will not be passed on to third parties. The software is set so that the IP addresses are not completely stored but in a shortened way. In this way it is no longer possible to assign the shortened IP address to the calling computer.
Legal Basis for Processing of Personal DataThe legal basis for the processing of the user's personal data is Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR.
Purpose of Personal Data ProcessingThe processing of the users' personal data offers esd to analyze the surfing behavior of the users. Evaluation of the collected data enables esd to analyze the information on the usage of certain features of the website. This helps esd to continuously optimize the website and their user-friendliness.
These purposes justify esd's legitimate interest on data processing assorting to Art. 6 Para. 1 (f) of GDPR. By anonymizing of the IP address the users' interests in the protection of their personal data is taken sufficiently into account.
Retention PeriodThe data will be deleted after 1.5 years.
Opposition and Cancellation ProceedingsCookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to the esd website. Therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. You can disable or restrict the transmission of cookies by changing the settings in your Internet browser. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are disabled for esd's website, it may no longer be possible to use all functions of the website to their fullest extent.
7.2 Google Adwords
esd uses the offering of Google AdWords to draw attention on external websites to esd's attractive products by using advertising tools (so-called Google advertising). These advertising tools are delivered by Google by means of so-called "ad servers." Ad server cookies that allow the analyzis of performance parameters are used in this process, e.g. ad impressions, clicks and conversations. This allows esd to determine how successful individual advertising measures are in relation to the data of the advertising campaigns. If you reach the esd website through Google advertising, Google AdWords will save a cookie on your end device. These cookies usually become invalid after 30 days and are not intended to identify you personally. With this cookie, the following analyzis values are usually saved:
Unique Cookie ID
Number of ad impressions per placement (frequency)
Last impression (relevant to post-view conversions)
OptOut information (marking that the user does no longer want to be addressed)
These cookies allow Google to recognize your internet browser. If a user visits certain pages of a website of an AdWords customer and the cookie that has been saved on his end device has not expired, Google and the customer can detect that the user has clicked the advertisement and was forwarded to this site. Each AdWords customer is assigned with a different cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked via the websites of AdWords customers. In the above advertising measures, esd does not collect or process any personal data itself. esd is only provided with statistical analyzes by Google. These analyzes allow esd to identify which of the deployed advertising measures are particularly effective. esd does not receive any further data from the deployment of advertising measures, and, in particular, esd is able to identify users based on this information. The legal basis for processing your data is Article 6(1)(1)(a and f) GDPR.Your browser automatically establishes a direct connection to the Google server based on the marketing tools deployed. Please note that Google may process data outside of the area of the European Union. Google has subjected itself to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-USFramework. In addition, esd cannot influence the extent and further processing of data that has been collected by Google deploying this tool and therefore provide information based on esd's current state of knowledge:
Google receives the information that you have visited the corresponding website of esd's website or have clicked one of esd's advertisements by including tracking tools. If you are registered with a Google service, Google can allocate the visit to your account. Even if you have not registered with Google or are not logged in, it is possible that the provider finds out and saves your IP address. With the company's remarketing technology, users who have already visited esd's website and online services and shown interest in esd's products will have displayed further related advertisements on other websites in the Google Partners network. For further information on data protection at Google, please go to: http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html
In addition, esd uses the Google Remarketing application. This is a means of retargeting in order to deliver advertisements that match interests. This application enables displaying esd's  advertising when you are visiting other websites after visiting the esd website. This is accomplished by means of cookies that are saved in your browser via which your utilization behavior is captured and analyzed by Google when you visit various websites. This enables Google to determine your previous visit to the esd website. According to Google, the data collected within the scope of retargeting is not combined with your personal data that may have been saved by Google. According to Google, pseudonymisation is used during retargeting in particular.
If you do not wish to have displayed advertising that is targeted to your interests in the future, you can deactivate cookies in your browser or inform Google about this by going to the following link: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/. Alternatively, you can object against Google retargeting by visiting the website Network Advertising Initiative (NAI): http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
8. Rights of the Data Subject
Right to InformationYou can ask esd to confirm whether your personal data is processed by esd. If such processing has taken place, you can request the following information from esd:
The purposes for which the personal data is processed.
The categories of personal data processed.
The recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data about you has been or will be disclosed.
The planned duration of the storage of your personal data or, if specific information about this cannot be provided, criteria for determining the storage period.
The existence of a right of rectification or deletion of your personal data, of a right to the restriction of processing by the data controller, or of a right to objection to such processing.
The existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority.
All available information about the origin of the data if the personal data is not collected from the data subject.
The existence of automated decision-making, including profiling in accordance with Art. 22 Para. 1 and 4 of GDPR and – at least in these cases – meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether your personal data is transferred to a third country or to an international organization. In this context, you may request to be informed about the appropriate guarantees in accordance with Art. 46 of GDPR in connection with the transmission.
Right to RectificationYou have a right to rectification and/or completion vis-à-vis esd if the personal data processed concerning you is incorrect or incomplete. esd must make the correction without delay.
Right to Limitation of ProcessingYou may request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted under the following circumstances:
If you dispute the accuracy of your personal data
The processing is unlawful
There is no more need of the personal data for the purposes of processing by esd, but you do need it to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.
If you have filed an objection to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 of GDPR
If the processing of your personal data has been restricted, such data may only be processed - apart from being stored - with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising, or defending rights or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the European Union or a member state. If the processing restriction has been restricted according to the above conditions, you will be informed by esd before the restriction is lifted.
Right to DeletionDeletion ObligationYou may request esd to delete your personal data without delay and esd is obliged to delete this data without delay if one of the following reasons applies:
Your personal data is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.
You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) or Art. 9 Para. 2 (a) of GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
You file an objection against the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 of GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you file an objection against the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 2 of GDPR.
Your personal data has been processed unlawfully.
The deletion of your personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation under European Union law or the law of the member states to which esd is subject.
Your personal data has been collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 Para. 1 of GDPR.
Information to Third PartiesIf esd has made your personal data public and is obliged to delete it in accordance with Art. 17 Para. 1 of GDPR, esd shall take appropriate measures, including technical measures, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs, to inform those who process the personal data that you as the data subject have requested the deletion of all links to this personal data or of copies or replications of this personal data.
ExceptionsThe right to deletion does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary, for example:
To exercise freedom of expression and information.
To fulfill a legal obligation required for processing under the law of the European Union or of member states to which esd is subject or to carry out a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority conferred on esd.
For reasons of public interest in the area of public health in accordance with Art. 9 Para. 2 (h) and (i) and Art. 9 Para. 3 of GDPR.
For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes in accordance with Art. 89 Para. 1 of GDPR, insofar as the law referred to under section "Deletion Obligation" is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the attainment of the objectives of such processing.
To assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.
Right to be InformedIf you have exercised your right to have esd correct, delete, or restrict data processing, esd is obliged to inform all recipients to whom your personal data has been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction on processing, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed by esd about such recipients.
Right to Data TransferabilityYou have the right to receive such personal data as relates to you that you provided to esd in a structured, common, and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to pass this data on to another data controller without obstruction by esd to whom the personal data was made available, provided that:
Processing is based on consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (a) of GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 (a) of GDPR or on a contract in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 (b) of GDPR.
Processing is carried out using automated methods.
In exercising this right, you also have the right to request that your personal data be transferred directly from esd to another data controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected by this. The right to data transferability shall not apply to the processing of personal data required for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of an official authorization conferred on esd.
Right of ObjectionYou have the right to file an objection at any time, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data in accordance with Art 6. Para. 1 (e) or (f) of GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. esd shall no longer processes your personal data unless esd can prove compelling and legitimate grounds for processing, which outweigh your interests, rights, and freedoms or the processing serves to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims.If your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to file an objection at any time to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of such marketing; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is associated with such direct marketing. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes. You have the option to exercise your right of objection in connection with the use of information society services by means of automated processes using technical specifications, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC
Right to Revoke the Data Protection Declaration of ConsentYou have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent at any time. The revocation of consent shall not affect the legality of processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.
Automated Decision-Making in Individual Cases Including ProfilingYou have the right not to be subject to a decision based exclusively on automated processing – including profiling – that has legal effects against you or significantly impairs you in a similar manner. This is not the case if the decision
is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and esd.
is admissible under European Union legislation or that of the member states to which esd is subject and where such legislation contains appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
is made with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data in accordance with Art. 9 Para. 1 of GDPR, unless Art. 9 Para. 2 (a) or (g) applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests. In the cases referred to in (1) and (3), esd shall take reasonable measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms, and legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person by esd, to state esd's own position, and to challenge the decision.
Right of Appeal to a Supervisory AuthorityWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state where you reside, your place of work, or the location of the suspected infringement, if you believe that the processing of your personal data is contrary to the GDPR.The supervisory authority to which the complaint was filed, inform the complainant about the status and results of the appeal including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 DSGVO.
Version: 2018-06-29
Search form
Search
ProductsApplications/ Technical ReportsCAN/CAN FD/ CANopen/DeviceNetAccessoriesBridges/RepeaterCAN InterfacesAMCCompactPCIEthernetISAPC/104PCI-104PCIPCI ExpressPMCUSBVMEWirelessGatewaysCBX I/O ModulesAnalog I/ODigital I/OTemperatureRelaySerial I/OCBM I/O ModulesAnalog I/ODigital I/ORelaySerial I/OStepper Motor ControllerSoft PLCSoftwareCAN API: Supported Operating SystemsCompactPCICAN/CANopenCPUI/OEthernetGraphicMass StoragePower SupplySystemsCustom SpecificEtherCATGateways/BridgesMezzanine CardsCAN/CANopenCarrierCPUEthernetI/ONetworkingSoftwareCAN/CANopenCODESYSEtherCATOS SupportToolsCAN API: Supported Operating SystemsVMEAdapterCAN/CANopenCPUI/OMotion ControllerPMC CarrierTechnologySupportNews2020201920182017201620152014201320122011ContactCompanyLocation Mapesd WorldwideFairsQuality ManagementCustomersJobs & CareerGeneral ConditionsArchiveCAN/CANopenCompactPCIVME
Subscribe newsletter
Username *
Password *
Sign up or Request new password.