http://www.stiefel.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Your browser does not support JavaScript!
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
This website (the “Site”) is the property of Stiefel Laboratories Inc (“GSK”).
By using this Site, you agree to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree, do not use this Site.
GSK reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use periodically for changes.
You may access the Terms of Use through the hyperlink at the bottom of the webpage. Your continued use of the Site after the Terms of Use are updated, will mean you agree to be bound by any such revisions.
The information provided on this Site is for general information only. The Site may contain information about medical conditions and their treatment. If you are a healthcare professional, the information contained on this website is not intended to serve as a substitute for your own medical judgment.
If you have a medical condition, you should seek medical advice from a qualified medical practitioner. The information on this Site is not intended to be used by itself to provide you with specific medical advice or recommendation.
Worldwide Products
GSK’s corporate websites contain information on its worldwide products and services, not all of which are available in every location.
A reference to a GSK product or service on a GSK Site does not imply that such product or service is or will be available in your location.
Timeliness of Information
GSK uses reasonable efforts to update its Sites, but some information may become out of date over time. GSK is unable to and makes no warranties or representations as to the reliability, accuracy, suitability, completeness or timeliness of the information contained on this website, including that shared through webinar.
The information on this Site is provided as is.
Use and Access
You may freely browse this Site, but you may only access or download material on this Site for your personal, non-commercial use. All copyright and other proprietary notices contained in downloaded materials must be preserved and retained. Without the express written permission of GSK, no other use of material on this Site is permitted.
Access to this Site is permitted on a temporary basis and GSK reserves the right to withdraw or amend the service provided on this Site without notice.
GSK will not be liable if for any reason the Site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Trademarks/Proprietary Rights
You should assume that all trademarks appearing on this Site, whether or not they appear in large print or with the trademark symbol, are trademarks of GSK, its affiliates, related companies, or its licensors or joint venture partners, unless otherwise indicated. You should assume that everything you see or read on this Site is protected by copyright, or GSK has been granted permission to use it, unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in the Terms of Use or in the text on the Site without the written permission of GSK.
No license to or right in any proprietary right of the GSK group of companies (including patents, trademarks and copyright) or any third party is granted to or conferred upon you by use of this Site.
The use or misuse of these trademarks, copyrights, or other materials, except as otherwise permitted herein, is expressly prohibited and may be in violation of copyright law, trademark law, or other laws, statutes or regulations.
GSK claims no ownership in, nor any affiliation with, any third-party trademarks appearing on this Site. Such third-party trademarks are used only to identify the products and services of their respective owners, and no sponsorship or endorsement on the part of GSK should be inferred from the use of these marks.
No Endorsement
Links to third-party sites may be provided for the interest or convenience of users of this Site. GSK assumes no responsibility for the content of non-GSK Sites to which it provides links, and accepts no liability for any information or opinion contained in any third-party Site or breach or omission in the privacy policies of third parties.
Information You Supply to Us
Except for information covered by our Privacy Statement, any communication or materials you transmit to or through the Site, including data, questions, comments, ideas, know-how or the like, is and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. GSK shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such information, and shall be free to use, disclose, reproduce or publish this information without limitation of any kind, including for commercial purposes, without paying users for the right to do so.
Liability
Except where prohibited by law and except for any warranties expressly provided in these Terms of Use, any condition, warranty, guarantee, right or liability which would otherwise be implied in these Terms of Use or imposed by law is excluded.
Your use of the Site is at your own risk and in no event shall GSK be liable for any damages (including without limitation, direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive loss or damages, or damages resulting from lost profits, lost data or business interruption) arising out of your access to, use of or inability to access or use, the Site or any errors or omissions in its content. This includes damages to your computer or other property, including that caused by computer viruses or any other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer or other property on account of your use of this Site, including the download of any files or other content from the Site.
Not an Invitation to Deal
Nothing on this Site constitutes an invitation or offer to invest or deal in the securities or ADRs of GSK.
In particular, actual results and developments may be materially different from any forecast, opinion or expectation expressed on this Site, and the past performance of the price of securities must not be relied on as a guide to their future performance.
Forward Looking Statements
The Site may contain forward looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that might cause actual results to differ from those foreseen, including risks detailed in GSK’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the ‘SEC’), including GSK’s most recently filed report with the SEC.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Terms of Use Agreement and your use of the Site shall be governed by English law without regard to conflict of law principles.  These Terms of Use, their subject matter, and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) will be governed by English law.  You expressly understand and agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
The headings used in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and are not used in determining the meaning or interpretation of these Terms of Use.
©2020 Stiefel Laboratories, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
NP-GBL-DM-OGM-190002Date of prep: November 2019
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Site Map
External Link
You are now leaving a GSK-owned site. GSK is not responsible for any of the content contained within this site.
Cancel
Proceed to site