https://www.graeters.com/privacy-policy/
Ground shipping included on ice cream orders for eligible addresses.
Next Day Air delivery available
for most addresses for only $29.95.
View Map >
Privacy Policy
Graeter's Ice Cream Company collects information about our visitors (both offline and online) so that we can provide an experience that is tailored to their preferences. Since the privacy of our visitors is of paramount importance to Graeter's, we wish to protect it and maintain the trust of our visitors while collecting the information necessary to do this. Graeter's is fully committed to providing information about the collection and use of personal information furnished by, or collected from, visitors while using our website, products and services. We offer visitors the choice to decline (opt out) participation in certain services and promotional benefits provided by Graeter's. Below is an explanation of the information we collect, how we use it, and why the use of this information will benefit our visitors' experience.
Security
Security is provided concerning credit card information, names, addresses, e-mail addresses and any other personal information that visitors may provide within the transactional portions of our website. Although "guaranteed security" does not exist either on or off the Internet, we safeguard our visitors' personally identifiable information by using industry standard practices. Currently, our website utilizes a variety of different security measures designed to protect personally identifiable information from unauthorized access by users both inside and outside Graeter's, including the use of 128-bit encryption based on a Class 3 Digital Certificate issued by Verisign Inc. This allows for utilization of Secure Sockets Layer, which is a method for encrypting data. This protects confidential information - such as credit card numbers, online forms, and financial data - from loss, misuse, interception and hacking.
Email
During the order process, Graeter's asks visitors for their email address in order to provide relevant information such as order confirmations and future offers. By providing their email address to us, visitors may receive email. Visitors will always have the ability to accept or decline email communications from Graeter's Inc. At any time a visitor may opt-out of receiving email communication by following the directions posted in every email.
Direct Mail
As part of the service that Graeter's provides its visitors, Graeter's may mail its visitors to inform them of enhancements, changes in offerings, special events, or other relevant information responsive to the visitors' interests. Visitors who supply Graeter's with their postal address or telephone number may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new Graeter's products and services or upcoming Graeter's special offers/events. Graeter's offers our visitors the option to decline these communications. Visitors may contact us to opt-out of such communications as follows
Online Account Registration
To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register on the Graeter's website. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information.
If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to LOG OUT at the conclusion of your session. Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
Contact Us
We'll be happy to provide additional information or answer any questions. Please:
Call: 800-721-3323
Fax: 513-721-3385
Email: customersupport@graeters.com
Write:
Graeter's Ice Cream Co.
2245 Gilbert Ave., Suite 105
Cincinnati, OH 45206
Periodic Review & Modifications
This privacy policy was last modified January 2019. Graeter's recommends that visitors review this Privacy Statement periodically, as Graeter's may revise it from time to time.