http://www.ida.org/about-ida/privacy-notice
Privacy Notice
Effective: August 23, 2018
At the Institute for Defense Analyses (IDA), we understand the concerns of users visiting www.ida.org (“site”).  IDA respects your privacy and treats the information you provide us, including personal information, with care.  This Privacy Notice describes the type of personal information we collect, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available to users of our websites regarding our use of personal information.  This Privacy Notice does not apply to information collected from you offline or to third party websites linked to our site.
Personal and Other Information
Through your interaction and use of our site, IDA may collect "Personal Information," which is information that identifies or relates to an individual.  Personal Information may include your name, home address, telephone number, e-mail address, education, company affiliation, and associated interests.
IDA may also collect "Other Information" through your interaction with and use of the site, which is not directly related to an individual.  Other Information may include device and web browser information, data collected through automated electronic interactions, application usage data, demographic information, geographic or geo-location information, and statistical or aggregated data.
Statistical or aggregated data do not directly identify a specify person, but may be derived from Personal Information. For example, we may aggregate Personal Information to calculate the percentage of users from a particular region.
In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information.  In such cases, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information.
Information You Provide to Us
All material contained within this website is intended solely for informational purposes. IDA will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals.
The types of personal information that are collected include:
contact information (name, address, telephone number, email address).
personal information submitted by job applicants, such as a resume or C. V., employment information (position, employer, skills), salary history, education history, security clearances held, citizenship, military information.
any other personal information that users provide.
Information We Collect by Automated Means
When you access our websites, we may collect certain information by automated means, including the use of cookies, web server logs, and third-party analytics.
Cookies are text files that websites place on your device to uniquely identify the web visitor and provide personalization of webpages visited by the user.  If you want to disable cookies, check with your browser provider on how to disable them.
Our web servers may log information such as your device type, operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located.  We also may record information such as the address of the web page that referred you to our websites and the IP address of the device you use to connect to our websites.  We may also log information about your interaction with our websites, such as pages you visit.
We may use third-party web analytics services on our websites such as Google Analytics.  These services help us to analyze how users engage with our websites.  The information collected will be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers. To learn more about how to opt out of these third-party web analytic services, click on the relevant link below:
Google Analytics (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout(Open external link))
Because we do not track our site’s users over time and across third-party websites, we do not respond to browser "do not track" signals at this time.
How We Use the Information You Share
We may use your personal information to:
respond to your questions or send you information you requested.
evaluate your qualifications for employment and contact you, as appropriate, on employment opportunities at IDA that may fit your qualifications.
identify, prevent, and protect against cybersecurity and other security events, espionage, fraud, other unlawful activity, claims, and other liabilities.
comply with and enforce related legal requirements and relevant industry standards and our policies.
Information We Share
We do not sell, rent, or lend any of your personal information to any third party.
We may, however, disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government entities, and (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual espionage, cybersecurity or security events, or other fraudulent or illegal activity.  We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business and assets.
How We Protect Personal Information
Although IDA is committed to protecting your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot full eliminate all security risks.  IDA maintains safeguards to protect your Personal Information; however, we cannot guarantee 100% security.
Privacy of Children
IDA does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children under the age of 13 on this Site.  We do not solicit or knowingly allow children to communicate with us or use any of our online services.  If you are a parent or guardian and become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, contact us at the address below.
Links to Other Websites
This site may contain links to other websites that may be operated by companies that are not affiliated with IDA.  IDA has no control over the privacy policies, notices, or practices of these other websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites to which we link.  We strongly encourage you review the privacy policies or notices of those websites.
Your Rights and Choices
To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists, or submit a request, contact us as indicated in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Online Privacy Notice. To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct, amend, delete, or block the information by contacting us as indicated below.  Where provided by law, you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us or object at any time on legitimate grounds to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.
Changes to Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice will be updated periodically to reflect those changes and corresponding changes in our information practices.  Whenever we revise this Privacy Notice, we will change the date on the notice to indicate when the revisions were made.   We reserve the right to change our information practices and the terms of this Privacy Notice, and to apply the changed practices to all information we have about you.  By using this site, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Notice as stated at the time you use it.  Any future access to this site subsequent to the posting of a revised Privacy Notice will be deemed to be your acceptance of this Privacy Notice as then revised.  We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice at any time.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about IDA’s online Privacy Notice, or if you would like us to update your information or preferences, please contact us by writing at:
Institute for Defense Analyses
Attn: Legal
4850 Mark Center Drive
Alexandria, VA 22311
About IDA
Leadership
Vision-Mission-Guiding Principles
Research Staff
Sponsors
Outreach
Code of Conduct
Privacy Notice