http://www.hardwood-floor-sanders.com/privacy_policy.asp
Hardwood Floor Sanding Machine Sales and Replacement Parts
Home
Belt Sanders
Drum Sanders
Orbital Sanders
Floor Abrader
Deck Refinishing
Disc Sanders
Floor Edgers
Propane Sanders
Dust Control
Wet Screening
Floor Scrubbers
Sandpaper
Manuals & Books
Parts
Contact Us
New Specials
Used Equipment
Register
Login - Logout
My Account Info
My Shopping Cart
Checkout
Office Hours
8am - 5pm (CST)
Mon-Fri
918-254-5161
New Floor Sander
Specials
Click Here
Used Floor Sanders
Click Here
Hardwood
Floor Information
Click Here
We Ship anywhere in
the Continental U.S.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement covers the site www.hardwood-floor-sanders.com.
Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to our
users’ privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information.
IVIE Enterprises is the owner
of the site and will be listed in this document as such.
1. What personally identifiable information IVIE Enterprises collects.
2. What personally identifiable information third parties collect
through the Web site.
3. What organization collects the information.
4. How IVIE Enterprises uses the information.
5. With whom IVIE Enterprises may share user information.
6. What choices are available to users regarding collection, use
and distribution of the information.
7. What types of security procedures are in place to protect the
loss, misuse or alteration of information under IVIE Enterprises
control.
8. How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they
should first contact Ty Miner (Webmaster) by one of the methods
listed in our Contact Information.
Information Collection
IVIE Enterprises is the sole owner of the information collected
on ivie-ent.com. IVIE Enterprises collects information from our
users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to use certain portions of our Web site, a user must first
complete the registration form. During registration a user is required
to give contact information (such as name and email address, physical
and shipping address’). We use this information to contact
the user about services on our site for which he or she has expressed
interest.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must
provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address)
and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration
date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill
customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order,
the information is used to contact the user.
Information Use
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files,
clear gifs, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users.
A profile is stored information that we keep on individual users
that details their viewing preferences. Consequently, collected
information is tied to the users personally identifiable information
to provide offers and improve the content of the site for the user.
This profile is used to tailor a user’s visit to our Web site,
and to direct pertinent marketing promotions to them. We do not
share your profile with third party advertisers.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer
tied to information about the user. We use both session ID cookies
and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close
the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is
a small text file stored on the user’s hard drive for an extended
period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet
browser help file directions.
By setting a cookie on our site, users would not have to log in
a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.
If users reject the cookie, they may still use our site. The only
drawback to this is that the user will be limited in some areas
of our site. Persistent cookies enable us to track and target the
interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. See
the “Profile” section.
Third Party Advertising
We do not use third party advertising on our site.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service
provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp,
and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track
user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked
to personally identifiable information.
Communications from the Site
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new registration members a welcoming email to verify
password and username. Established members will occasionally receive
information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter.
Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option
to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Choice
and Opt-out sections.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact
information such as name and email address and zip code. Out of
respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these
communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service
related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily
suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally,
users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate
their account. However, these communications are not promotional
in nature.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on an occasional basis to provide requested
services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply
via email or phone.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need
to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we
have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply
with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process
served on our Web site.
Aggregate Information (non-personally
identifiable)
We do not share aggregated demographic information with our partners
and advertisers.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit
card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These
companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable
information for any secondary purposes.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of
having their information used for purposes not directly related
to our site at the point where we ask for information. For example,
our online order form has an ‘opt-out’ mechanism so
users who buy a product from us, but don’t want any marketing
material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional
communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by
replying to opt-out@hardwood-floor-sanders.com with “unsubscribe”
in the subject line in the email or the user may contact the Webmaster
via phone the phone number listed below in the contact information.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is
being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users
can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed
with services that require an outside party.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that
we, IVIE Enterprises, are not responsible for the privacy practices
of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they
leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every
Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This
privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this
Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via su01/15/2008 surveys or contests is completely
voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to
disclose this information. The requested information typically includes
contact information such as name and shipping address, and demographic
information such as zip code. Contact information will be shared
with the contest or survey sponsors to notify the winners and award
prizes. Anonymous survey information will be used for purposes of
monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users’
personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties
unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary
to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users’
personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend
about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email
address. IVIE Enterprises will automatically send the friend a one-time
email inviting them to visit the site. IVIE Enterprises stores this
information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email
and tracking the success of our referral program.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes
to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem
appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we
collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we
disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy
policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable
information in a manner different from that stated at the time of
collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice
as to whether or not we use their information in this different
manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with
the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not
be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this
new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our
privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored
in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site
notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice
we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications
from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy
policy, please contact us at:
privacy@hardwood-floor-sanders.com
Ph: 918-254-5161
Fx: 918-250-4807
IVIE Enterprises
Attn: Webmaster
5839 S Garnett
Tulsa, OK 74146
©2002-2016
IVIE Enterprises
Privacy Policy  Ordering Policies   Site Map   Resources
Updated: 08/17/2016