https://www.nfimortgage.com/company-information/privacy-policy/
Call Now
Call Today: (631) 863-3300
Main Navigation
Home
Purchase Assistant
Refinance Advisor
Stated Income
Reverse Mortgage*
Today’s Rates
Loan Options
Blog
Nations Financial New York Inc. collects nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information received from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with Nations Financial New York Inc., Nations Financial New York Inc.’s affiliates, or others; and
Information received from a consumer reporting agency.
Nations Financial New York Inc. does not disclose any nonpublic personal information about its customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law.
Nations Financial New York Inc. may share all the information that it collects, as described above, with its affiliates. By sharing this information, we can better serve your financial needs. If you do not wish for us to share this information with our affiliates you may contact us.
Nations Financial New York Inc. may disclose the following information to companies that perform marketing services on its behalf or to other financial institutions with whom it has joint marketing agreements:
Information received from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, social security number, assets, and income;
Information about your transactions with Nations Financial New York Inc., Nations Financial New York Inc.’s affiliates, or others, such as your account balance, payment history, and parties to transactions;
Information received from a consumer reporting agency, such as your creditworthiness and credit history.
Nations Financial New York Inc. restricts access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. Nations Financial New York Inc. maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations in order to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Quick Quote
Site Links
Home
Company
Glossary
Loan Options
Calculators
Local Resources
Recommended Professionals
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Social Media
Contact
738 Smithtown Bypass
Smithtown, NY
11787
(631) 863-3300
Email: Steve@NFImortgage.com
Licensing
Nations Financial of New York, Inc. is a registered mortgage broker with the New York State Dept. of Financial Services. All loans are arranged with a third party provider. NMLS# 17162