https://www.etfguide.com/privacy
ProfitStrategy
PortfolioReport Card
FreeNewsletter
Make Money with ETFs.
Join the ETF Revolution today! Recieve free news, trends and trading alerts:
Need an account?
Reset password
Sign In
Services
Blog
Podcasts
About Us
Contact Us
0 items
Privacy Policy
At ETFguide.com your privacy is one of our top priorities. That’s why we carefully maintain the security and confidentiality of personal information of all our current and former customers.
Please take a few minutes to read through this Privacy Policy to understand how your privacy is safeguarded.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
ETFguide.com does not sell customer information to anyone. We will only share customer information with others as stated in this policy, unless we provide you with additional notice to ask for your permission.
One of our most important activities is maintaining the security of customer information. We value your trust, therefore we carefully handle your personal data. All ETFguide.com associates who have access to your information are bound by a code of conduct that requires the confidential treatment of customer information, and they are subject to disciplinary action if they fail to comply with this code. In addition, ETFguide.com maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect customer information. We continually assess new technology for protecting information and, when appropriate, upgrade our information security systems.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
ETFguide.com collects and uses various types of information to service your accounts, save you time and money, and better understand your needs. We strive to help you learn more about ETFguide.com product and services that may be of interest to you.
The customer information we collect and store generally consists of the following:
1) Information gathered from applications, forms and other information you provide us, whether in writing, in person, by telephone, electronically or by any other means, such as your name, address, electronic address, telephone number, credit card data;
MANAGING INFORMATION FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
The information we share within EFS helps provide you with greater service and brings you greater convenience and more choices.
Sharing Information
ETFguide.com may share customer information with its affiliates, except as limited below. By sharing information about your accounts and relationships, we can save you time and money and make it easier for you to do business with us. For example, if you have an account with one of our affiliates and want to open an account with another of our affiliates, we may share information about you and your transactions. This could save you time in opening a new account by eliminating the need to furnish the same information twice.
Sharing Information With Companies That Work For Us
We may share customer information with unaffiliated third parties who perform services to ETFguide. We may also share customer information with unaffiliated third parties who perform services for us that are connected with the processing of products and services that you already have or have requested. We share information with such companies to support your experience and relationship with ETFguide.com. These companies may include other financial service providers such as insurance companies, trust companies, payment processing companies, and brokerage companies that we conduct business with. These companies might assist us in a number of ways; for example, in fulfilling your service requests, or processing your transactions, or mailing your account statements. We may also share your information with companies we have hired to provide marketing and other services on our behalf, or with other financial institutions, with whom we have joint marketing agreements. All of these companies are contractually obligated to keep the information that we provide to them confidential, and use the information only for the purposes of providing the services we’ve asked them to perform for us of for you. To the extent we may collect personally identifiable medical information in connection with the sale of insurance products or services, we will not – either internally or externally – share such information for any purpose other than the underwriting, or administration of an insurance policy, claim, or account, or as otherwise specifically disclosed when the information is collected or with your consent.
Disclosing Information In Other Situations
We may also disclose customer information we maintain about you to credit bureaus or similar organizations, when permitted by law. Such shared data may include a disclosure in connection with a subpoena or similar legal process, a fraud investigation, an audit or examination. We may also share information with entities outside ETFguide.com for services you have requested.
Making Sure Information Is Accurate
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important. We provide you with access to your account information in a number of ways, through account statements, online from your PC, and through your financial advisor. If your account information is ever inaccurate, incomplete, or in need of updating, please contact us immediately. We will make the necessary changes to reflect the accuracy of your personal information. If you have any questions, or feel that we have not handled information about you properly, you may contact us directly, and we will provide you an answer, or investigate your complaint.
Keeping Up-To-Date With Our Privacy Policy
ETFguide.com the right to make changes to this privacy statement and we provide full access to this statement in writing and via our Website. Any updates will be posted at ETFguide.com.
Our Former Customers
Even if you are no longer an ETFguide visitor or customer, our privacy policy will continue to apply to you.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
E-mail *
Website
© 2020 ETFguide, LLC. Terms & Conditions // Privacy
Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise) of content from this Website in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of ETFguide, LLC.