http://www.calvert.com/privacy-policy.php
Research & Engagement
Research & Engagement
Research
How We Analyze
Our ESG Research Team
Our Quantitative Research Team
Our "Materiality" Based Approach
Engagement
How We Influence
Our Engagement Team
Shareholder Advocacy
Proxy Voting
Impact Tool
ESG Research
Explore our expert views and emerging insights.
Learn more
Insights & Tools
Insights & Tools
Calvert Transparency Tool
Compare mutual funds and ETFs on a broad range of traditional and ESG metrics
Learn more
Thought Leadership
Overview
Impact Blog
Perspectives
Calvert Institute
Tools & Calculators
Overview
Calvert Transparency Tool
Calvert Impact Tool
About Calvert
About Calvert
About
How We're Different
Our History
Our Team
Careers
Press
Reprints
Contact Us
ESG Research
Explore our expert views and emerging insights.
Learn more
Contact
Login
Search
Privacy and Security
The Eaton Vance organization is committed to ensuring your financial privacy. Each entity listed below has adopted a privacy policy and procedures (“Privacy Program”) Eaton Vance believes is reasonably designed to protect your personal information and to govern when and with whom Eaton Vance may share your personal information.
At the time of opening an account, Eaton Vance generally requires you to provide us with certain information such as name, address, social security number, tax status, account numbers, and account balances. This information is necessary for us to both open an account for you and to allow us to satisfy legal requirements such as applicable anti-money laundering reviews and know-your-customer requirements.
On an ongoing basis, in the normal course of servicing your account, Eaton Vance may share your information with unaffiliated third parties that perform various services for Eaton Vance and/or your account. These third parties include transfer agents, custodians, broker/dealers and our professional advisers including auditors, accountants, and legal counsel. Eaton Vance may additionally share your personal information with our affiliates.
We believe our Privacy Program is reasonably designed to protect the confidentiality of your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access to that information.
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Program at any time upon proper notification to you. You may want to review our Privacy Program periodically for changes by accessing the link on our homepage: www.calvert.com.
Our pledge of protecting your personal information applies to the following entities within the Eaton Vance organization: the Eaton Vance Family of Funds, Eaton Vance Management, Eaton Vance Investment Counsel, Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc., Eaton Vance Trust Company, Eaton Vance Management (International) Limited, Eaton Vance Advisers International Limited, Eaton Vance Global Advisors Limited, Eaton Vance Management’s Real Estate Investment Group, Boston Management and Research, Calvert Research and Management, and Calvert Funds.
This notice supersedes all previously issued privacy disclosures.
For more information about Eaton Vance’s Privacy Program or about how your private information may be used, please call 1-800-368-2745.
California Consumer Privacy Act
You may have certain rights granted to you if your personal data is protected by the California Consumer Privacy Act:
Right to Know. In some circumstances, you have the right to request from Eaton Vance the categories of Client PI that Eaton Vance has collected about you, the categories of sources from which your personal data was collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal data, the categories of third parties with whom Eaton Vance shares your personal data, and the specific pieces of personal data Eaton Vance has collected about you. You may email us at CAprivacy@eatonvance.com with “CCPA Right to Know” in the subject line to exercise this right.
Right to be Forgotten.
You have the right to request that Eaton Vance delete any personal data about you which Eaton Vance has collected from you. You may email us at CAprivacy@eatonvance.com with “CCPA Right to be Forgotten” in the subject line to exercise this right. There are circumstances where we are not required or able to comply with your request to be forgotten and we will let you know if one of those situations arises.
Eaton Vance reserves the right to verify your identity before Eaton Vance processes any request relating to your personal data.
Follow us:
Fund Quicklinks
No matches found
CAEIX Calvert Global Energy Solutions Fund
CAGIX Calvert Growth Allocation Fund
CBAIX Calvert Balanced Fund
CBDIX Calvert Bond Fund
CCPIX Calvert Mid-Cap Fund
CDHIX Calvert International Responsible Index Fund
CDSIX Calvert Short Duration Income Fund
CEFIX Calvert Emerging Markets Advancement Fund
CEYIX Calvert Equity Fund
CFAIX Calvert Conservative Allocation Fund
CFJIX Calvert US Large-Cap Value Responsible Index Fund
CFOIX Calvert Floating-Rate Advantage Fund
CFWIX Calvert Global Water Fund
CGBIX Calvert Green Bond Fund
CGJIX Calvert US Large-Cap Growth Responsible Index Fund
CINCX Calvert Income Fund
CISIX Calvert US Large-Cap Core Responsible Index Fund
CLAIX Calvert Moderate Allocation Fund
CLDIX Calvert Long-Term Income Fund
CMJIX Calvert US Mid-Cap Core Responsible Index Fund
COIIX Calvert International Opportunities Fund
CSVIX Calvert Small-Cap Fund
CTTIX Calvert Responsible Municipal Income Fund
CUBIX Calvert Flexible Bond Fund
CULIX Calvert Ultra-Short Duration Income Fund
CVMIX Calvert Emerging Markets Equity Fund
CWVIX Calvert International Equity Fund
CYBIX Calvert High Yield Bond Fund
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Business Continuity Plan
Accessibility
FINRA BrokerCheck
Form CRS
© Calvert Research and Management
Before investing in any Calvert fund, prospective investors should consider carefully the investment objective(s), risks, and charges and expenses. The current prospectus contains this and other information. To obtain a mutual fund prospectus or summary prospectus, contact your financial advisor or download a copy here. Read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money.
Not FDIC Insured. No Bank Guarantee. May Lose Value.
Effective January 3, 2017, Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc. replaced Calvert Investments Distributors, Inc. ("CID") as the principal underwriter following the acquisition by Calvert Research and Management ("CRM") of substantially all the business assets of Calvert Investment Management, Inc. ("CIM"). CRM has also replaced CIM as the Investment adviser. Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc. does not provide tax or legal advice. Prospective investors should consult with a tax or legal advisor before making any investment decision.
Shares of Calvert funds may be purchased by delivering an application to the Fund’s transfer agent or through financial intermediaries. The information on this Web page is for U.S. residents only and does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
All rights reserved. Calvert open-end mutual funds are distributed by Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc. Two International Place, Boston, MA 02110.
Member FINRA / SIPC
Check the background of Eaton Vance Distributors, Inc. on FINRA's BrokerCheck
Publication details: Wednesday, November 25, 2020 12:00 PM
Page ID: 31105 - https://www.calvert.com/privacy-policy.php
Calvert Self Service
We apologize for the inconvenience but we are experiencing a technical issue.We are working on a solution. Please try again later.If you require further assistance, please call:800-368-2745.
You have already upgraded your account.
Please login using the link at the top of the page.
You have successfully un-subscribed from .
Thank you. All available selections have already been completed.
Manage your subscriptions
Congratulations! You are registered.
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your account and complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 800-368-2745.
Congratulations!
We are pleased to grant you access to this Calvert website.Please click here to be logged in with your username .
A verification email has been sent.
You have requested a change to your password. In order to process this request, a verification email has been sent to . When you receive this email, please click the link contained within the email to start the password reset process.
Trouble signing in? Call 800-368-2745.
This account is restricted.
Your account has limited access.
If you need further assistance, please call 800-368-2745.
This account has been updated.
Your account has been updated to use your new email address .
We have sent a verification email to
with a verification link to confirm the change.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 800-368-2745.
This email account has not been verified.
Your account has not yet been activated. We have sent a verification email to . If you'd like us to resend this, please click the Resend Email button below.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 800-368-2745.
Cancel
Thank you.
An e-mail verification has been re-sent to . Please check your e-mail and follow the instructions to complete the registration process.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 800-368-2745.
An email has been sent to the email address
containing a link to verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 800-368-2745.
Re-verification Required
For security purposes we could not complete your request. Please click here to receive a new link to access the requested content.
A new email has been sent to the email address
containing a link to re-verify your credentials. Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to complete your request.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 800-368-2745.
Verification Accepted
You have been granted access to the requested content.
Remember Me
Click here to remain recognized on this device for future visits to calvert.com
Do Not Remember Me
Click here if you are using a Public Computer or Shared Device.
Trouble receiving the verification email? Call 800-368-2745.
Company Email:
Password:
Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register
If you are an individual investor and have an account with Calvert, sign into your account here.
Please check the Fund Literature that you would like to subscribe to. Your subscriptions can be managed on your profile page.
Subscribe All
Subscribe
Cancel
Thank you for downloading
If your download did not start automatically, please click here.
Want real-time updates?
Sign up now for EV alerts for
Close
Want real-time updates?
Sign up now for EV alerts for
Company Email:
Close
Subscribe to new content: Register			Already have an account? Sign In.
Thank you for subscribing
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your subscription.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.
Thank you for subscribing
You have successfully subscribed to .
Un-subscription request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.
Opt-In Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.
Opt-Out Request
We have sent a verification email to . Please check your e-mail and click on the secured link to verify your request.
Subscribe to new content: Register Want to manage your subscriptions? Sign In.
Want real-time updates?
You have selected to receive email notifications for:
Enter your Email
Cancel
Subscribe to new content: Register
Want real-time updates?
You are currently "Opted Out" of all Calvert email communications. If you would like to be alerted of updates to your new subscription, please Opt In:
Close
Enter your e-mail address to reset your password.
Company Email:
Already have an account? Sign In.
Subscribe to new content: Register
Trouble registering? Call 800-368-2745.
Your Name *
My Contact Email Address *
Recipient's Name
Recipient's Email *
Prepared on *
Link to webpage
Link to PDF
Message
I thought you'd be interested in this information from Calvert.
Here's the link:Privacy and Security
Copy Link
For more information, visit https://www.calvert.com
Cancel Send Email
Please wait while the data is being prepared for download.This message will automatically close when your file is ready.
Please enter a new email.
New Email:
Trouble signing in? Call 800-368-2745.
Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Register Now
Already have an account? Access.
Calvert
Investment Professionals
Get more access and control.
Access
Subscribe to new content: Register.
Calvert
Get PDF Now
Subscribe
You are already subscribed to
Manage your subscriptions
Unsubscribe
Calvert
Symbol:
NAV as of
Calvert