https://www.rainbowplay.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Rainbow Play Systems Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rainbow Play Systems respects the privacy of you and your family
Rainbow will use its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this website. While you may use many of the features on https://rainbowplay.com anonymously, you are required to register as a Rainbow Premium Subscriber to gain access to some of our premium content and services.
If you want to change your preferences–or you want to unsubscribe completely–scroll to the bottom of the next e-mail you receive from Rainbow Play Systems. Look for the link labeled “Click Here to Change E-mail Preferences”. Click on the link and follow the directions.
Obtaining Your Consent
By using this website, you grant Rainbow permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics.
By registering as a Rainbow Premium Subscriber, however, you authorize Rainbow to use that information to personalize the information that we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data. As a Rainbow Premium Subscriber, you grant permission to Rainbow (or its authorized agents) to send you e-mails notifications as described below. At the time of registration, you may also affirmatively authorize Rainbow to share your personal information with your independently owned local area Rainbow Factory Direct Showroom (see Sharing of Personal Information below).
Types Of Information We Collect And How It Is Used
Registering as a Rainbow Premium Subscriber gives you access to all of the information and features on https://rainbowplay.com. Rainbow only gathers the following personal information when voluntarily submitted by you: first and last names, mailing address, e-mail address, country, and ZIP/postal code. With your approval, Rainbow occasionally will send you e-mail notifications about important changes to this website, information about new product offerings or services and special offers from Rainbow. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you. Simply indicate that preference either when you register as a Rainbow Premium Subscriber, at any time when you modify your account or by following the opt-out instructions included in each newsletter or e-mail from Rainbow.
Surveys Or Contests
From time-to-time, Rainbow may also provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website. If you participate, Rainbow will request from you the personal information identified above. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and you, therefore, have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Rainbow will use this information to notify contest winners and to award prizes. Consistent with this policy, Rainbow (or an authorized local Rainbow Factory Direct Showroom) may use this information to communicate with you about products or services, local promotions and/or to improve the products or services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.
Rainbow may, however, use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Sharing Of Personal Information
Rainbow may share your personal information with our independently owned Rainbow Factory Direct Showrooms for the purpose of sending you a catalog that you have requested or sending you information about Rainbow promotions in your local area. You may opt-out of these communications at any time by modifying your account and/or following the opt-out instructions included in each e-mail communication that you receive.
Rainbow may also engage certain service-oriented companies outside of Rainbow to perform a variety of functions, such as, providing technical services for the Rainbow website or assisting with promotions. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose.
Otherwise, Rainbow does not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to any third parties not related to or hired by Rainbow. Period.
Rainbow may, however, provide certain third parties with aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during customer visits to our Web site each month. That information does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member unless that member has given us permission to share that information.
Rainbow also reserves the right without incurring any liability to you to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the website, to fulfill your requests or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety.
Our Privacy Policy Regarding Children
Rainbow sells children’s products for purchase by adults and, therefore, does not solicit or collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, e-mail address, or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law.
Access
You are in control of any personal information that you provide to us. If at any time, you would like to review or correct the personal information we have about you, to change your preferences for contacts from us or from an independently owned Rainbow Factory Direct Showroom or to delete your personal information, you can let us know by using the contact information below.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, Rainbow gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data.
Rainbow uses this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the website, to track users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, Rainbow uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your on-line experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous, aggregate basis. We also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the website and to help customize your Rainbow website experience. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances.
Rainbow may use remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to Rainbow’s website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin. Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. Even if you do not use cookies, you can still access all of the features on our website by logging in manually with each visit.
Links To Other Sites
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by Rainbow. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies, and any information you submit to those companies is subject to their privacy policies.
Rainbow Factory Direct Showroom Websites
Rainbow® products are sold through independently owned Rainbow Factory Direct Showrooms. In most cases, showroom sites not operated or controlled by Rainbow follow this privacy policy. However, please review the privacy policy of each website to determine the particular privacy policies of that site.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
This Website Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2006 and was last modified on March 25, 2019.  From time to time, it may be necessary for Rainbow to change this privacy policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version here, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Rainbow Website Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Rainbow Play Systems, Inc. Attn: Privacy Manager/Corporate Legal Counsel 500 Rainbow Parkway Brookings, SD 57006
Visit a Showroom Near You
You truly have to see it to believe it! Bring your family to one of our nationwide showrooms to experience our dedication to quality in person. Climbing, sliding, and swinging is encouraged!
Find My Showroom
Compare
Choose up to three products.
Compare