http://www.iamat.org/editorial-policy
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies. If you continue browsing, you accept our use of cookies.
You can review our privacy policy to find out more about the cookies we use.
LOGIN
CONTACT
DONATE
SCHOLARSHIPS
SUPPORT A SCHOLAR
About Scholarships
Give to Scholarships
BECOME A SCHOLAR
Apply to Scholarships
Robert & Haru Fisher Scholarship
Violet Williams Scholarship
Stella & George Bryant Scholarship
LECTURESHIPS
Lectureship Grants
TRAVEL HEALTH RESOURCES
COUNTRY RESOURCES
Information by Country
Locate Doctors & Clinics
General Resources
All Resources, Guides & Charts
Insect Bite Prevention
Food & Water Safety
Travel and Mental Health
Travel Health Insurance
Travelling with Medications
DONATE
Editorial Policy
Photo By: Steven Schwartzberg
Our commitment to editorial integrity
The IAMAT team is dedicated to bringing you the most up-to-date and comprehensive travel health advice to help you plan a healthy trip.
The website’s goal is to provide up-to-date and verified health information, news about our travel medicine scholarships, and a current listing of IAMAT-affiliated English-speaking doctors around the world to international travellers, travel health providers, family doctors, nurses, and mental health practitioners.
The travel health recommendations on our website are intended as guidelines only. The health information provided on
www.iamat.org is meant to complement, not substitute, the advice of your healthcare provider. To ensure that all your travel health needs are covered, seek further assistance from your doctor or travel health clinic.
How we do it
We update our travel health recommendations daily and only report confirmed cases.
Our recommendations are based on information from our local medical and public health collaborators around the world, the latest developments in travel medicine research, and active participation in travel medicine networks. Other sources include the World Health Organization, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Committee to Advise on Tropical Medicine and Travel (CATMAT), NaTHNaC, the International Society for Infectious Diseases' ProMED-mail service, and peer reviewed articles in medical and scientific journals.
Note that some health risks are not officially reported or under reported, preventing us from giving you the full picture.
To maintain strict ethical standards, IAMAT-affiliated doctors and mental health practitioners do not pay a fee to be listed in our Medical Directory. In addition, we do not accept third-party advertising on our website or participate in link or banner exchanges.How the IAMAT website and Blog are funded
The website and Blog are exclusively funded by the financial means of our organization through the donations of IAMAT members. We declare no conflict of interest and certify that no return benefit is derived by the donor.
Editorial team
Members of IAMAT’s
International Medical Advisory Board, composed of medical practitioners certified in their own country, review our medical content and travel health recommendations.
WritersClaire Westmacott, MPH has a background in environmental health, health equity, and public health.
She is responsible for updating the site’s content and occasionally contributes to the IAMAT Blog. Claire is committed to providing travellers with reliable and accessible health information.Jacqueline Tucci, BJourn, Certificate of International Development, has a background in journalism, community media, global politics, and international development, with a particular interest in global healthcare access and humanitarian aid. As an avid traveller, Jacqueline is also interested in sustainable and responsible tourism and sharing information related to these topics.
Medical Reviewers
Tullia Marcolongo, MA, Certificate of Travel Health® is interested in the political economy of health. Her goal is to communicate travel health issues in a relatable manner giving travellers all the options available to them to make an informed choice. Tullia is a member of the International Society of Travel Medicine (ISTM), ISTM Psychological Health of Travellers Interest Group, and the American Society of Tropical Medicine & Hygiene (ASTMH).
Assunta Uffer-Marcolongo has a background in nursing and joined IAMAT in 1971, becoming its president in 1987. Assunta is a member of the American Society of Tropical Medicine & Hygiene (ASTMH) Committee on Clinical Tropical Medicine and Travelers' Health. She is also a member of the International Society of Travel Medicine (ISTM) and is a past Chair of the society’s Responsible Travel Group.Using our Blog and social media channels
Our Blog and social media channels (Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Flickr) are intended to provide the most current travel health advice, the latest developments in travel medicine, and a forum for travellers and health providers to comment and ask questions relating to travel health matters.
The health information provided on
www.iamat.org/blog is meant to complement, not substitute, the advice of your healthcare provider.
Our Blog and social media channels are moderated by IAMAT staff who do not have any conflicts of interest. We make every effort to moderate and respond to comments or questions as soon as we are alerted by the user.
Users posting comments on the IAMAT Blog and social media platforms should not be considered as health professionals. If you post a comment that is not from personal experience or general knowledge, please cite a reputable source with the health information you provide to enhance the conversation.
All comments posted to an IAMAT Blog article or social media post should be respectful and true to the best of your knowledge. Moderators reserve the right to erase any comments they judge inappropriate without notification.
To maintain strict ethical standards, IAMAT does not accept comments that are advertisements for products or events, or are commercial in nature. We also do not accept third-party advertising on our Blog nor do we participate in link, banner, or content exchanges.
Using our Medical Directory
Our Medical Directory of English-speaking doctors is provided for informational purposes only. IAMAT does not endorse any medical advice of specific doctors and is not responsible for any medical advice or opinions of the doctors listed in the Medical Directory. Always be prepared for any unanticipated medical conditions or emergencies before travelling abroad. Reliance on any information provided by any of the doctors appearing in our Medical Directory is solely at your discretion.
Read our full Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We make every effort to ensure that your privacy is protected.
Our Privacy Policy outlines the information we collect about you and about your use of IAMAT's website, Blog and social media channels. It also explains the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information.
Read our full Privacy Policy
Last reviewed and updated: September 6, 2019
Travel Health Journal
ALL BLOG POSTS
Is it COVID-19 or the flu? Why you should get vaccinated.
October 26, 2020
Returning to travel responsibly: World Tourism Day
September 27, 2020
“The search for the human”: 60 years of supporting health and building understanding
August 20, 2020
When you have reached the point where you no longer expect a response,
you will at last be able to give in such a way that the other is able to receive
and be grateful.
- Dag Hammarskjöld
COUNTRY HEALTH ADVICE
RESOURCES, GUIDES & CHARTS
HEALTHY TRAVEL FOR SENIORS
THE OLDER TRAVELLER
FIGHT THE FAKES
BLOG
SCHOLARSHIPS
GIVE TO SCHOLARSHIPS
APPLY FOR A SCHOLARSHIP
LECTURESHIP GRANTS
DONATE
ABOUT
FAQS
FINANCIALS
LEGACY GIVING
USEFUL LINKS
MEDIA
CONTACT
DONATE TO IAMAT
Canadian Charitable Registration: 11892 9231 RR0001
USA 501(c)(3) non-profit. E.I. Number: 13-2613755
©Copyright IAMAT 2020
A division of the Foundation for the Support
of International Medical Training (FSIMT)
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Google+
Website by: SNAP 360° | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.