https://www.e2open.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policyaflournoy2020-06-02T11:43:34-06:00
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the various websites and the cloud based services owned and operated by E2open®, LLC, our divisions, affiliates and subsidiaries, (collectively “E2open”); provided that where a service or affiliate publishes a privacy notice that is materially different from this notice, that the other notice shall apply while interacting with such other affiliate or service.
E2open places the highest priority on protecting the privacy of its registered users (“Users”), the business entities whom such Users represent (“Customer”), as well as others who access (“Visitors”) these websites and services. E2open websites and services are designed for adult Users and Visitors and are not to be used by children under 13. The Privacy Policy describes how E2open collects, uses, shares, and secures the personal information you provide when you access these websites and services. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with one or more agreements between Customer and E2open (the “Agreement(s)”) that apply to the websites and services and with any other documents or guides that are provided from time to time in relation to the websites and services.
Privacy Shield
E2open covered entities (Birch Worldwide Limited, E2open Development Corporation, INTTRA Inc., INTTRA International Inc., Orchestro, LLC, Steelwedge Software, Inc., Terra Technology, LLC, Zyme CCI LLC, Zyme Solutions Inc.) comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. E2open has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view E2open’s certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov/list.
E2open commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding E2open’s use of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Shield Framework should first contact E2open at: legal@e2open.com.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
E2open is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC). In certain situations, E2open may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
E2open complies with the Privacy Shield’s Principle regarding accountability for onward transfers. E2open remains liable under the Principles if its onward transfer recipients process personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless E2open proves that it was not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
E2open commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
Please note that the posted Terms of Use and agreements specific to an E2open service (“Service Agreement”) may contain other terms that deal specifically with a Customer’s confidential information.
Collection and Use of Information by E2open
User Information
Users communicate and exchange information (“User Information”) with E2open and other Users in connection with their business relationship with E2open and our websites and services. User Information may include, without limitation, information submitted to E2open including contact information, user ID, first and last name, email address and country. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, E2open will maintain the confidentiality of User and Customer Information and will not disclose such information to third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, E2open shall disclose such information when requested by government authorities conducting an investigation and whenever E2open believes disclosure is necessary to limit E2open’s legal liability or is legally required, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process.
We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us such as your first name, last name, email address, phone number, job title and company name, business phone, job level, job function and country. Throughout our Site, we provide the opportunity to register for an event or conference, request access to various thought leadership such as white papers, reports, case studies etc., or participate in an online survey. It is completely up to you whether you want to provide it. If E2open sends you these types of marketing communications, you have the right to control your marketing preferences and may do so as outlined in the Opting Out of Marketing Communications of this Privacy Policy.
E2open will also send you Service related e-mail announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if a service is temporarily interrupted for maintenance, we might send you an e-mail. You do not have an option to opt out of these e-mails, which are not promotional in nature.
Visitor Data
When a User or Visitor accesses E2open websites and services, E2open collects, records and retains data about such usage of E2open including but not limited to the User’s or Visitor’s domain name, the IP address, the name of the Web page from which each User or Visitor entered an E2open website or service, the locations each User visits within E2open, and the amount of time spent on each page (collectively, “Data”). E2open uses this Data to determine the demographics of Users or Visitors, to analyze trends and to develop and distribute to third parties’ aggregate statistics and general information about E2open. E2open will not disclose information that identifies specific Users or Visitors, except as noted above in “User Information.”
Other Information
As a Visitor or User, you may choose to send E2open a question via e-mail, register for a special service, request a call with an expert or otherwise communicate with E2open, such as voluntarily participating in a survey. E2open may also use such information to communicate with Users and to enhance E2open, in an effort to better meet the needs of Users.
Customer Information Disclosure
Upon request, E2open may disclose to a Customer the activities of its authorized Users on the Site, including providing User Information and other information collected by E2open to the Customer business entity.
Aggregate Data
E2open may extract information that does not identify specific Users or Visitors (collectively, “Aggregate Data”) from User Information, Data, Cookies, and other information collected on the Site and use such Aggregate Data for internal and/or commercial purposes.
Third Party Relationships with E2open.
Providers
E2open has relationships with various third party providers to maintain and provide services to E2open. These third parties are all bound by confidentiality agreements that protect the privacy of the Users, and visitors must utilize information solely for providing services on behalf of E2open and are bound to keep any personally identifiable information they receive secure. E2open does not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with third parties for their promotional purposes. If E2open shares any User Information with any of these third parties, we will require that such information be used only to provide the services requested by E2open and be maintained by them in strictest confidence. E2open requires our service providers to whom we disclose Personal Information and who are not subject to the laws based on the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46 or Swiss Federal Data Protection law to either (i) subscribe to the Privacy Shield principles, or (ii) contractually agree to provide at least the same level of protection for Personal Information as is required by the relevant Privacy Shield principles. However, we remain responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process the personal information on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Frames
Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our website and services. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties subject to their applicable terms and conditions and not to E2open.
Links
E2open also provides links to other web sites maintained by third parties unrelated to E2open. Please be aware that if you link to another third-party web site, that site is not subject to E2open’s Privacy Policy, and E2open has no control over the use of information disclosed on such sites. E2open is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. E2open encourages its Users and Visitors to be aware when they leave the website and services and suggests that Users and Visitors read the privacy policies of each site visited.
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our website and services include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Forwarding
If you choose to “forward to a friend” information from our Site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will then send your friend a one-time email that contains a link to our Site.
Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by E2open and our partners, e.g. marketing partners, affiliates, analytics, and/or service providers, e.g. online customer support provider, etc. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the website and services, tracking movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our visitors as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to help personalize your online experience. Users and Visitors can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited.
As is true of most web sites, we use a third-party tracking-utility partner to gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the Site, to track users’ movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as Flash cookies and Local Storage, such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5. To manage Flash cookies, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
Behavioral Targeting/Re-targeting
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union, click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Bulletin Boards/Chat Rooms
If you use a bulletin board, chat room, forum, or other chat tool on this Site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. E2open is not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. You are also responsible for using these forums in a manner consistent with the Terms of Use, Acceptable Use Policy, Privacy Policy or other terms and conditions set forth on the relevant forum Site. All forums are hosted by a third-party service provider of E2open. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, contact us at corpcomm@e2open.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Security
General
E2open and its third-party providers have implemented extensive security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of any information under E2open’s control including using encryption, limiting employee access, and using industry-standard controls such as firewalls and secure environments for personally identifiable information.
Customer Security
Additionally, in order to protect the security and integrity of the proprietary and confidential information of E2open’s Customer and Users that interact on the non-public portion of E2open’s secure collaboration network, E2open has taken the following actions, among many others, to ensure that E2open meets the strict security needs of E2open’s Customer:
Corporate Security Policy
E2open has adopted and enforces a Corporate Security Policy to protect all proprietary and confidential information of E2open’s Customer. The Corporate Security Policy addresses information classification, information security procedures (electronic and hard copy information), limited disclosure procedures, physical facility access and general security awareness and enforcement. All Customer information is classified as “highly confidential” under the corporate security policy. E2open has developed and adheres to strict security policies and guidelines with all E2open’s third-party data hosting facilities providers.
Authentication
E2open has deployed industry standard Customer authentication and User verification procedures to limit access to Customer information to only those participants that our Customer authorizes.
Disclaimer
Notwithstanding E2open’s extensive efforts, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information disclosed on the Site. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Procedure for Accessing and Correcting Information
Users and Visitors can access their User Information and other appropriate Customer-identifiable information collected by E2open by contacting E2open’s Customer Support as set forth in the Contact User section of the Site. If a User believes there are factual errors in such information or would like to update such information, the User may contact E2open’s Customer Support and/or Customer’s Company Administrator and detail the inaccurate information. E2open and/or Customer’s Company Administrator will verify and correct any factual errors within thirty (30) days. Users have the right to request that their User Information and other Customer identifiable information collected by E2open be deleted by contacting E2open’s Customer Support. Information will be deleted within thirty (30) days.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at corpcomm@e2open.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Opting Out of Marketing Communications
Users and Visitors may choose whether to receive direct marketing communications relating to E2open at the time of registration. If a User subsequently does not want to receive information about special offers available through E2open or if a User no longer wishes to receive E2open’s newsletter and promotional communications, User may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by contacting E2open.
To “Unsubscribe” from an email marketing communication you have received from E2open, you can follow the instructions to unsubscribe or update your email preferences at the bottom of the E2open email communication.
You can also “Unsubscribe” from E2open direct marketing communications by visiting www.e2open.com/unsubscribe. If you wish to have your information removed from our contact database, please visit www.e2open.com/userdeletion.
Modification of Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and we encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how E2open is protecting your information. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will provide notification by email or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective upon posting. We will also provide notification by email or by means of a notice on our homepage in the event of a merger, corporate change in structure, or sale of substantially all of E2open’s assets, E2open may also disclose information to third parties as E2open, in its sole discretion, believes necessary or appropriate, in connection with the merger or consolidation with, or sale of assets to such third party, provided that such third party agrees to comply with E2open’s Privacy Policy with regard to User Application Information.
Use of System
You represent and warrant that any data you provide to E2open is submitted in connection with transactions conducted for business purposes only. Access to and use of the website and services is subject to this Privacy Policy and to the applicable Agreement(s) between your Company and E2open.
Data Retention
E2open will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our Agreements.
International Data Transfers
You consent to E2open, its affiliates, third party service providers and partners transferring your personal data to E2open, its affiliates and to the recipients referred to in this Privacy Policy in countries outside the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) (including the United States of America) which do not provide a similar or adequate level of protection to that provided by countries in the EEA from which you may have submitted your personal data (if applicable). We will utilize appropriate safeguards governing the transfer and usage of your personal information.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please refer to the appropriate contact below:
Accessing and Correcting User Information:
Email: customersupport@e2open.com
Questions about Marketing Communications:
Email: corpcomm@e2open.com
Questions about this Privacy Policy or about E2open’s handling of your information:
Email: compliance@e2open.com
Mailing Address:
E2open, LLC
9600 Great Hills Trail, Suite 300E
Austin, TX 78759
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 24, 2020.
Using cookies helps us give you the best possible user experience on the E2open website. For additional information, see our Privacy Policy.
If you continue to use this site or close this box, you indicate your consent to our use of cookies.
OK
Go to Top