https://www.smartline.com.au/how-we-help-you/client-reviews/
Mortgage Broker Reviews - Mortgage Brokers | Smartline
Skip to content
Most of our mortgage broker’s business comes from referrals and returning clients.
Following the settlement of every Smartline loan, we invite each client to rate their experience and share any comments.
The reviews below give you a picture of the personal service, advice and expertise you can expect from your own Smartline mortgage broker.
Rating snapshot (36,438)
(30,393)
(5,515)
(303)
(93)
(134)
Social feedback
Facebook
4.9 Average (711 Reviews)
Google+
4.9 Average (376 Reviews)
9 December 2020
Fabiana SSin Casic was amazing !
Mortgage Broker - Sin Cacic
9 December 2020
Chetan S
Mortgage Broker - Manish Bedi
9 December 2020
Richelle NNeil is the absolute best. He worked with me and found the most suitable solution for my needs. He continued to explain everything to me every time I requested more information and was always available and had time to talk. He has gone out of his way
Mortgage Broker - Neil Bradford
9 December 2020
Nikan RLeah is fantastic. Give her the gold medal for customer experience. The best experience that I've had by far with any financial business and advice.
Mortgage Broker - Leah Nugent
9 December 2020
Alessandro NShane was fantastic, came recommended through a friend and has blown us away. He has an outstanding understanding of the market and processes which made everything a lot smoother for us. We're in the dream house thanks to Shane !
Mortgage Broker - Shane Abbott
9 December 2020
Louise LFabulous friendly service, understood my needs and got the best deal. Appreciated the flexibility of working outside standard business hours.
Mortgage Broker - Julie Davies
9 December 2020
Jayde SIan and Caitlin have been very helpful throughout the process to refinance and helped make my situation much easier to navigate than what it could have been.
Thanks heaps!
Mortgage Broker - Ian Dunstan
9 December 2020
Jared MWe’ve trusted Gary and recommended to friends and family for a decade. A true professional and high calibre advisor who ensures he achieves the right outcome for his clients.
Mortgage Broker - Gary Liebregts
8 December 2020
Coreena VFound the electronic loan process rather odd as I've never used it.
The Rokeby staff were very good with their explanation and assistance.
Mortgage Broker - Richard Denholm
8 December 2020
Robert AEasy to communicate with.
Return messages almost immediately.
Mortgage Broker - Steve Gregoire
Load more reviews
Loading...
Talk to a Smartline Adviser today
Request callback
About Smartline
How we help you
Calculators
Client reviews
Latest news
Smartline report
Talk to an Adviser
Home loans
Investment loans
Refinance loans
Commercial & business
Asset finance
Smartline Select™
Car finance
Mortgage broker directory
Mortgage Brokers Sydney
Mortgage Brokers Melbourne
Mortgage Brokers Perth
Mortgage Brokers Brisbane
Mortgage Brokers Adelaide
Mortgage Brokers Darwin
Mortgage Brokers Canberra
Mortgage Brokers Tasmania
Request a callback
×
Find an Adviser near you
×
or