http://www.kwanchai.net/privacy-statement
jonathan mathews design group
DESIGNDISTILLERYSTATIONELEMENTSEVENTSPRESSPRINCIPALCONTACT
Online Privacy Statement
Acceptance of Terms. Welcome to kwanchai.net. Use of this website is voluntary. By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information and non-personal information as described in this Online Privacy Statement. This Online Privacy Statement only governs the use and disclosure of information collected through this website.
Non-Personal Information We Collect From You. We may automatically collect information about your Internet connection, including but not limited to:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address and name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;
The IP address of the website from which you linked directly to kwanchai.net;
The date and time you accessed the kwanchai.net website;
The pages you visited; and
The web browser and operating system you used to access the kwanchai.net website.
This information (“non-personal information”) does not identify you personally. Kwanchai.net may use this non-personal information to monitor the effectiveness of this website and to consider potential improvements to this website.
Personally Identifiable Information We Might Collect From You. This website does not collect any personally identifiable information except for an email address that you voluntarily enter in order to unsubscribe from our mailing list.
Sharing Your Information. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to other users of this website.
Use of Cookies and Applets. Kwanchai.net does not use or store “cookies” and “applets” on your computer’s hard drive.
Linked Sites. Kwanchai.net may provide links on this website to other sites of interest. Your use of such linked websites is subject to the privacy statements of the providers of those websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave this website and to read the privacy statements of each website you visit.
Security Measures. Kwanchai.net works hard to protect the security of the information that you provide to on the internet. While we strive to protect your information, such security cannot be guaranteed. Consequently, we does not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.
Changes. Kwanchai.net may change this Online Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make a change, we post the revised Online Privacy Statement on this website. We encourage you to review this Online Privacy Statement periodically.
Questions or comments about the Kwanchai.net Online Privacy Statement can be directed to our office via phone or email. Please see the contact information on the contact page.
kwanchai • jonathan mathews design group
1735 Westlake Ave. N • Suite 300 • Seattle WA 98109
tel. 206.262.1022
website design by kwanchai • contact • online privacy statement • copyright protected images