http://www.kastalon.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Kastalon Inc
A globally recognized custom polyurethane manufacturer
Literature Downloads
News
About Us
Contact Us
|
Help
Customer Service (708) 389-2210
Returns (708) 389-2210
Email Us
Returns
MENU
Home
Custom Engineering
Industry Solutions
Material Handling
Roller Covering Solutions
Metal Processing & Fabricating
General Industrial Solutions
Koat-A-Roll®Products
Koat-A-Roll® Polyurethane Sleeves
Installation
SDS
Properties
Koat-A-Wheel® Skate Wheel Tires
SDS
Properties
Kwik-Taper® Conveyor Roller Sleeves
Installation
SDS
Properties
Polyskate®
SDS
Vinyl-Koat® Roller Sleeves
Installation
SDS (Blue)
SDS (Gray)
Properties
Clutch-Covers™
Installation Tools
Products
Clapper Jaws and Gripper Wheels
Coil Car Pads
Coil Floor Storage
Capping & Packaging Change Parts
Crane Bumpers
Crane Bumper Calculator
FDA Components and Roll Covers
Filler Plates
Filler Rings
Fork-Kushion® Lift Truck Bumpers
Forming Pads – Gümmilast™
Mandrel Sleeves
Polyurethane Springs
Polyurethane Wheels
Roller Services
Roller Finishes
Kwik Tools
Custom Engineered Parts Questionnaire
Crane Bumper Calculator
Koat-A-Roll® Installation Video
Roller Questionnaire
Urethane Springs Questionnaire
Mandrel Sleeve Questionnaire
ORDER KOAT-A-ROLL NOW >
Call Us
708-389-2210
Email Us:
sales@kastalon.com
Request a quote
ORDER KOAT-A-ROLL NOW >
Privacy Policy
Kastalon IncPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date 12-18-19
This Privacy Policy which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on the website kastalon.com, which is owned by Kastalon, Inc and operated by Kastalon, Inc ("Kastalon", "we" or "us") and any successor website, (collectively the "Site"), and other interactive properties, including but not limited to any mobile applications enabling you to access the Site (the Site and other Kastalon interactive properties are collectively referred to herein as the Kastalon Applications"). Kastalon provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use, or continue to use, the products and services provided by Kastalon and/or accessed through the Kastalon Applications or offline ("Product(s)" and "Service(s)"). This Privacy Policy applies to your use of (1) the Kastalon Applications (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise); (2) our Products and Services; (3) email or electronic catalogs and newsletters; and (4) any other means or applications in which you connect with Kastalon.
By accessing, using, registering with, or providing personal information to Kastalon, you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, (i) the collection, use, storage and transfer (including international transfer) of user information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy (as amended from time to time) and (ii) the Kastalon Terms of Use hereby incorporated by reference. THIS PRIVACY POLICY AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES UNDER THE LAW. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, do not access or use the Kastalon Applications or provide us with personal information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect different types of information, including, but not limited to, personal information, financial information, demographic information, log, Device (hereinafter defined) and aggregate data. Sometimes we collect combinations of all these types of information. In each case, when using the Kastalon Applications, it is indicated on the Kastalon Applications whether any personal or demographic data must be provided for you to access and use the Kastalon Applications and/or purchase the requested Product or Service.
Connecting With The Kastalon Applications And Information Provided By You
When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise sign up for or order our Products and Services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you about Kastalon using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means we may contact you, in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.
Registration Information. We will collect personal information from you if you register with the Kastalon Applications and/or place an order for our Products or Services, which may include, but is not limited to, name, address, phone number(s), email address(es), personal interest preferences, and any other information about you we consider relevant ("Personal Information"). You may not use a user/account name that is vulgar or otherwise offensive (as determined by Kastalon), infringes any trademark or other proprietary rights of others, or is used in any way that violates the Terms of Use. Kastalon reserves the right to deny, in its sole discretion, any user access to the Kastalon Applications and/or our Products and Services without notice for any or no reason.
Financial Information. Financial information is information that you provide to us, including your debit or credit card number and related billing information (collectively, the "Billing Information"). We require such financial information in order to process payment for the purchase of a Product or Service that you have requested. By submitting your financial information, you consent to our providing it to those Authorized Third Party Service Providers (as later defined) as necessary to support and process your transactions as well as your credit card issuer/banking institution for their purposes.
We ask that you do not enter financial information into your profile, except in the fields provided for that information.
User Generated Content. The Kastalon Applications may contain review or chat areas and/or other message, communication or other mechanisms designed to enable you to communicate with others or to post content on the Kastalon Applications (the "Communication Services"). Please remember that any information you disclose while participating with the Communication Services becomes public information, becomes the property of, and is subject to redistribution by, Kastalon. You should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose your personal information in a submission or posting. There is no expectation of privacy when posting or otherwise participating on the Communication Services. If you post content, such as messages, reviews or photos, please be aware that any personally identifiable information contained in such content is accessible to registered users or visitors to that Kastalon Application or Communication Services and we have no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Communication Services. We reserve the right to take action in connection with any content we deem to be inappropriate. Please review our Terms of Use for more information regarding your appropriate use of these Communication Services.
Information Collected Through Technology
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies such as cookies, pixel tags and browser analysis tools, and web server logs. As you use our Kastalon Applications, your browser and devices communicate with servers operated by us, our business partners and our Product and Service providers to coordinate and record the activity and fill your requests for our Products and Services and information ("Usage Information"). We collect many different types of information from cookies and other technologies. For example, we may collect information from the devices you use to access our Kastalon Applications, your operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device. Browsers routinely send these types of information to web servers. In addition, we collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for your computer or other device used to access the Kastalon Applications (any, a "Device"). A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to the Device used to access the Kastalon Applications, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We may also collect information about the website you were visiting before you came to our Kastalon Applications and the website you visit after you leave our Kastalon Applications, if this information is supplied to us by your browser. We may use this Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance or otherwise improve the Kastalon Applications.
The information from cookies and related technology is stored in web server logs and also in web cookies kept on your Device(s), which are then transmitted back to our Site by your Device(s). These servers are operated and the cookies managed by us, our business partners or our service providers. For example, when you visit Kastalon Applications, we and our service providers may place cookies on your Device(s). Cookies allow us to recognize you when you return, and may track and target your interests in order to provide a customized experience. They also help us detect certain kinds of fraud. A "cookie" is a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account, your preferences, and your use of the Kastalon Applications. Some cookies contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your activity with Kastalon Applications with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with Kastalon Applications.
Some cookies are temporary, whereas others may be configured to last longer. "Session" cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons, such as to manage page views. Your browser usually erases Session cookies once you exit your browser. "Persistent" cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser. We use Persistent cookies for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided. "Flash" cookies, known as local shared objects, are data files placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device to personalize your visit. Our third-party service providers also may use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from standard browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a Persistent or Session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. However, cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click [www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html]. If you choose to disable cookies on your Device, some features of the Kastalon Applications may not function properly. For instance, if cookies are disabled, you will not be able to log into the Site and therefore you will experience an anonymous user experience.
Pixel tags are tiny graphic images placed on the Kastalon Applications, social media platforms or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions. When you access the Kastalon Applications or open email messages, the pixel tags generate a notice of that action to us, or our service providers. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the Kastalon Applications and promotions.
We also use embedded scripts which are programming codes designed to collect information about your interactions with the Kastalon Applications, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Kastalon Applications, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
We use HTML5, another form of collection, in our apps for the iPhone or iPad (and any other Apple iOS device). HTML5 is another form of collection, tracking and storage that does not rely on traditional browser cookies. Like Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies can be used to track users across website but are not stored in browsers' cookie files. To our knowledge there is currently no known way for a user of a mobile device to remove HTML5 tracking and storage.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other tools is used in non-identifiable ways, without any reference to Personal Information. For example, we use information we collect about Kastalon Application users to optimize our Products and Services and understand traffic and usage patterns. In other cases, we associate the information we collect using cookies and related technologies with Personal Information. Whenever we associate Usage Information or a Device Identifier with your Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information.
Information We Collect From Third Parties
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as information to validate or update your address or other demographic and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, our Products and Services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes.
Third Party Analytic Technologies
We use third parties' analytic and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Kastalon Applications, how people are using the Kastalon Applications and how to improve the effectiveness of the Kastalon Applications and its content, and to help those parties serve more targeted advertising to you across the Internet or help us serve more targeted advertising to you. Those third party companies may use cookies, pixel tags or other technologies to collect and store anonymous information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Kastalon Applications, Device Identifiers, type of operating system used and other website(s) you may have visited. They might combine information they collect from your interaction with Kastalon Applications with personal information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, nor control over, third parties' use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
If you wish to exercise choice with respect to collection and use of the data by these third party tools, you may visit: [http://www.aboutads.info/choices/]. Some of the analytic and tracking tools we use are Google Analytics and Google Analytics Advertising.
The Google Analytics Advertising features we use include the following:
Remarketing
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers
If you wish to manage your Google accounts, you may visit: [https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated]
If you wish to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on available at: [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout]
HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information, subject to applicable laws, in the following ways:
to allow you to register and create an account and profile;
to deliver, provide or process payment for a product or service you have requested;
to enable you to provide us with feedback, to contact us and for us to contact you;
to allow your participation in any surveys;
to send you maintenance communications to alert you to changes and updates in our Kastalon Applications' policies, Products and/or Services that may affect you;
to send you communications of interest that you have requested, such as emails or text messages about Kastalon, our Products and/or Services, targeted marketing, and promotional offers;
to customize, measure and improve our Products and/or Services, content, and advertising, including generating internal reports about the use of our Kastalon Applications;
to personalize your overall experience with the Kastalon Applications;
to enforce our Terms of Use;
for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information; and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Transactional Communications. We may send you notices from time to time relating to your account or your orders. These may include order confirmations, invoices, renewals or customer service notifications. We may also send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so; for instance, if our Service(s) is/are temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a Product is delayed or there is some service issue with something you may have ordered. You may not opt-out of receiving these communications, which are not promotional in nature.
Authorized Third Party Service Providers. We may use third party service providers ("Authorized Third Party Service Providers") to help us operate our business and the Kastalon Applications or administer activities on our behalf. We may share your information with these third parties.
Electronic Promotional Offers. We may send you promotional emails regarding special offers about our Products and Services or on behalf of third party marketing partners who we think can offer services and products of interest to you. If you do not want to receive emails from us regarding special promotions or offers, or from any third party, you may opt-out as provided in the CHOICE AND OPT OUT section below.
Telemarketing. If you have given us your telephone number, when making an inquiry or registering with us or when ordering Products or Services from us, we may use the telephone number you provided to reach out to you to follow up on your order, including follow-up regarding renewals and marketing. If you would prefer not to receive marketing phone calls from us, you may opt-out as provided in the CHOICE AND OPT OUT section below.
Third Party Tracking and Advertising. We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit the Kastalon Applications. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (i.e. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to the Kastalon Applications and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would like more information about advertisers' use of tracking technologies and about your option not to accept the cookies used to track your activities, you can go to www.networkadvertising.org.
Feedback. All comments, feedback or materials submitted by you to us, including feedback, testimonials, images, reviews, questions, comments, suggestions or ideas (collectively, "Feedback"), shall be received and treated by us on a non-confidential and unrestricted basis. Kastalon will be free to use, display, perform, distribute, copy, adapt, and promote, in any medium now known or later developed, without compensation to you, the Feedback along with all ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques or methodologies contained in such Feedback, for any purpose whatsoever, including without limitation, developing, marketing and selling our Products and Services incorporating such Feedback. You agree that in submitting Feedback, it will not violate any right of any third party, including any confidentiality, copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or intellectual property or proprietary rights, and will not cause injury to any person or entity. You further agree that no Feedback you submit will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, threatening, abusive or obscene material, or contain viruses, commercial solicitations, or any form of "spam".
CHOICE AND OPT OUT
To opt-out of marketing communications or to request to be added to our Do Not Call List, and/or our Do Not Mail List, you may use one of these convenient methods:
Electronic Promotional Offers.If you do not want to receive emails from us or from any third party regarding special promotions or offers, you may (i) click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email; (ii) email us at info@kastalon.com with "Unsubscribe Promotional Offers" in the subject line; (iii) call customer care at 708-389-2210; or (iv) mail us at the address set forth below.
Telemarketing.If you do not want to receive marketing phone calls from us, you may: (i) email us at sales@kastalon.com with "Do Not Call" in the subject line; (ii) call customer care at 708-389-2210; (iii) ask to be placed on our Do Not Call list when you receive a call from us; or (iv) mail us at the address set forth below.
Mailing Address. In all cases, you may write us at:
Kastalon Inc.
4100 West 124th Place
Alsip IL, US 60803-1876
Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional direct mail offers, we may continue to send you service notifications by direct mail that are related to your account(s) and our Products and Services you have requested or in which you are currently enrolled.
Please note also that changes may not be effective immediately. In each event, you must clearly indicate the information that you wish to have changed or clearly indicate that you wish to have your personally identifiable information (including Personal Information) removed from our database. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible. Note that despite any request for removal of or change to personally identifiable information (including Personal Information), we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed. Finally, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including without limitation our third party service providers or strategic partners) with whom we have already shared your personally identifiable information (including Personal Information) of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.
IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION
Links to other Website(s) and Communities. To the extent hyperlinks may be utilized to access external or third party website(s) and communities, you should be aware that these external or third party website(s) and communities are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such website and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.
Security. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, the Kastalon Applications use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). SSL encrypts your credit card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, to the extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Kastalon Applications, and you do so at your own risk.
We urge you to keep any password that you establish with us in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to log off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
A Note to International Users. The Kastalon Applications are operated in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Kastalon Applications or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States. You are also consenting to the application of United States federal, and Illinois state law in all matters concerning the Kastalon Applications and this Privacy Policy.
Children's Privacy. The Kastalon Applications are generally intended for general adult audiences and are not directed or intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you should not register or provide Personal Information on the Kastalon Applications. If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user who has provided Personal Information is under 13 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user's Personal Information from our systems.
Changes to the Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Kastalon Applications, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new Kastalon Applications or Communication Services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your Personal Information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. By accessing the Kastalon Applications and/or purchasing our Products and Services after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy for information captured after the Effective Date of that Privacy Policy.
Disputes. If you choose to visit the Kastalon Applications your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee.
No Rights of Third Parties. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any Personal Information relating to users of the Kastalon Applications.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of the Kastalon Applications and Communication Services, please write to us at:
Kastalon Inc.
4100 West 124th Place
Alsip IL, US 60803-1876
© Kastalon, Inc. All rights reserved.
Volume and reseller discounts available, contact us for more info.
NOTE: All Sleeves are folded in half in shipping
Contact us today: Kastalon Inc.
4100 West 124th Place
Alsip IL, US 60803-1876
p. 708-389-2210
f. 708-389-0432
Customer Satisfaction
We manufacture outstanding products, provide outstanding service and are committed to ensuring your satisfaction with your experience.
ABOUT KASTALONLiterature Downloads
News (Blog)
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright © Kastalon Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy | Legal
|
Terms and Conditions | Return Policy | Sitemap
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
0