http://www.jamesriversteel.com/website/privacy
Menu
AboutProductsRoof DecksN DeckHD PanelType "A" DeckType "B" Deck (Wide Rib)Type "B" Cellular DeckType BI Inverted Form DeckType "S" Form DeckType "F" (Intermediate Rib)Floor DecksN DeckHD PanelType "A" DeckType "B" Deck (Wide Rib)Type "B" Cellular DeckType BI Inverted Form DeckType "S" Form DeckType "F" (Intermediate Rib)Composite Floor Decks1-1/2" Composite Floor Deck2" Composite Floor Deck3" Composite Floor DecksSiding2 1/2 " Rib1/2" x 2 1/2" (2.67) Corrugate4" Rib4.2" Panel12" Concealed Fastener PanelStanding Seam RoofV-Beam7/8" Corrugated7.2 Panel (Therma Wall)9" RibVertarib24" Liner Panel12" RibAccessoriesFinishing MaterialsRFQCompleted ProjectsProject GalleryJRS-NewsContact
Privacy Policy
Home | Privacy Policy
James River Steel takes seriously the privacy of those that visit our web site. We have established this Privacy Policy to communicate what information we collect and how that information is used and safeguarded.
By accessing this website (jamesriversteel.com), you acknowledge the terms and conditions expressed herein. We reserve the right to change this policy at our sole discretion and without notice.
What information is collected, and why?
When a user visits our website, we collect information about the visit that does not identify the user personally. We track information such as the domain from which the user is visiting and the user's browser type. We also collect specific information regarding the user's session on our website. This includes items such as the date and time of the visit and the pages viewed.
Sometimes we ask a user to voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (PII). This information generally includes, but is not limited to, name, e-mail address, postal address, and telephone number. We request this information when the user requests one of the following:
To register to attend an on-line seminar or demonstration
To receive specific information from us such as a whitepaper or code sample
To sign up for a mailing list
To correspond with us
Or any other such activity that we deem necessary
James River Steel does not collect any personally identifiable financial or health-related information. We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.
How is the information used?
Non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) is collected to allow us to analyze how our website is used and to improve the content and service the website provides.
Personally identifiable information is collected for analysis to improve the content of the website and the services we provide the user.
James River Steel owns the collected information and will not sell, trade, or rent the information to others. We may use the information to continue contact with the user. This may include contact such as follow-up calls, e-mail correspondence, or mail correspondence to follow-up on the contact or to provide marketing information about promotions, new services, or important website changes. James River Steel may share this information with its business partners for the specific purpose of a promotion or service offering.
Are "Cookies" used on the website?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are placed on a web user's hard drive. We may use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the James River Steel site if you do so.
How is personally identifiable information safeguarded?
James River Steel utilizes industry standard methods and mechanisms such as firewalls, intrusion monitoring, and passwords to protect electronic information. Multiple physical security methods such as locking devices and 24 hour premise monitoring are also employed. Finally, access to PII is limited to a small number of personnel and on a need-to-know basis.
Links to other web sites
James River Steel web site may contain links to other internet web sites. James River Steel neither controls nor endorses external sites and is not responsible for the content of such sites. This policy does not cover the privacy policies and data collection practices of non-James River Steel web sites.
How to opt out of correspondence
Based on the information a user has provided, James River Steel may send e-mail correspondence to the user. Each correspondence will contain an easy means to opt out of further correspondence.
James River Steel, Inc.
11030 Richardson Road Suite B19
Ashland, Virginia 23005
1-800-825-0717 Toll Free
E-mail: info@jamesriversteel.com
1-804-285-0717 in Va
1-804-368-0690 Fax