http://www.blarry.com/indexprivacy.html
Blarry House Research
580 Douglass Street
San Francisco
CA
94114-2759
Tel: (415) 648-2196
Request@blarry.com
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Blarry House Research is committed to maintaining the security of the personal information for our respondents and clients. The following privacy policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Blarry House Research operates as a data controller with regards to General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and to your data. We determine the purpose and means of processing any data provided to us. By accessing Blarry House Research's website, you consent to this privacy policy.
Information provided by respondents in the registration form is voluntary and is used for the sole purpose of identifying eligibility for participation in current and future research projects. You may discontinue your enrollment at any time by sending an email to database-update@blarry.com
What We Collect and How We Use It
Data collected by Blarry House Research is used for the placement of participants in research studies conducted on behalf of our clients. Data is either obtained directly from study participants or from vendors (e.g. clients, customers, business partners) communicating on behalf of study participants. Blarry House Research requires the establishment of data categories for all data received from vendors.
Blarry House Research requires participant consent as a legal basis for all data collected via our website(s). All data received may be processed for:
Market Research
The development of new products, services, or concepts based on your feedback
The improvement of existing products, services or concepts based on your feedback
General Marketing
The various types of information collected across our site are listed below
A) Profile Data - Blarry House Research may use profile data (e.g. name, address, phone number, etc.) or other related data shared with us through the course of compensated market research studies.
B) Demographic Data - Blarry House Research may use demographic data (e.g. gender, race, income information, etc.) or other related data shared with us through the course of compensated market research studies.
C) Behavioral Data - Blarry House Research may use behavioral data (e.g. shopping selections, dietary information, entertainment choices, etc.) or other related data shared with us through the course of compensated market research studies.
D) Attitudinal Data - Blarry House Research may use attitudinal data (e.g. feelings towards particular items, brands, services, etc.) or other related data shared with us through the course of compensated market research studies.
E) Multimedia Data - Blarry House Research may use multimedia data (videos, photos, audio recording, etc.) or other data shared with us through the course of compensated market research studies.
Providing Personal Data to Others
Although information collected by Blarry House Research may be shared with our clients, we will never release, sell or distribute full contact information to a third party without your consent or a specific business purpose (i.e. translating, transcription, etc.).
Transfer of Your Data
Blarry House Research does not transfer your data to sources outside of the United States without a specific business purpose.
If it any time it becomes necessary by law or legal process for Blarry House Research to disclose your personal information, we may do so upon the determination that such disclosure is legally necessary or appropriate. In addition, in the event of reorganization, merger, or sale, we may transfer any and all personal information to the relevant third party.
From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, or for our internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis and research. We may also use this information to send you announcements on the latest paid research opportunities from Blarry House Research. If you do not wish to receive these periodic announcements, you may opt out by sending an email to database-update@blarry.com at any time indicating your desire to opt out. You may also contact us by mail at:
Blarry House Research
584 Castro Street, #291
San Francisco, CA 94114
Through our Blarry House Research Website (http://blarry.com/), we collect information for individuals who desire to enroll in the Blarry House Research participant database. Individuals who wish to participate must provide first/last name, address, phone, email, birth date and gender in order to participate in our nationwide panel.
Our sites are not intended for, or designed to attract, individuals under the age of 18. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is an individual under the age of 18 without explicit parental or guardian consent. Our sites do not accept any electronic payments for any services rendered.
Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard the information we collect online.
Cookies
Our websites may use a technology called a "cookie". A cookie is a piece of information that our web server sends to your computer browser when you access a website. Then when you come back our site will detect whether you have one of our cookies on your computer. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the site and help us analyze site usage more accurately. For instance, our site may set a cookie on your browser that keeps you from needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the site.
Data Retention and Deletion
Your data is typically removed from our system(s) prior to a year after the completion of the study in which it is used. There are some circumstances that could require your data be kept longer than a year but no more than five (5) years depending on the activity in our panel and obligations within research projects or legal entities.
Links to External Websites
Our websites, products and services may contain links or references to third-party websites, products, or services. Information collected by third parties is governed by their privacy practices, and we encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
Blarry House Research utilizes a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this privacy policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible and in conformity with the principles. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns using the contact information provided and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles.
Your Rights
You can request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect and/or request all data belonging to you be removed from our website(s) by emailing database-update@blarry.com.
Once your identity is verified, Blarry House Research will make reasonable efforts to provide you reasonable access to any of your personally identifiable information we maintain within 72 hours of your request. We provide this access so that you may review, correct, amend, or request deletion of your data. If we are unable to process your request within 72 hours, we will tell you when we are able to do so. In the unlikely event that we are unable to process your request, we will explain why we cannot do so.
Reporting Honorarium and Tax Information
If you participate in a survey that pays an incentive, Blarry House Research may have an obligation to report your incentive payments. By participating in a market research survey, you are permitting us to disclose your earned incentive as appropriate to comply with all laws and other reporting requirements. IRS regulations require us to report incentives issued to individuals that exceed $600 in a tax year via the Form 1099-MISC. You will be sent this form once you have been issued $600 or more in incentives in a tax year and must return it to the IRS with your tax return.
Contact Information
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please email us at annaliese@blarry.com.
You may also contact us by mail at:
Blarry House Research
584 Castro Street, #291
San Francisco, CA 94114
Should you have any concerns that need to be addressed you may email our CEO directly at annaliese@blarry.com.
Compliance Information
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Statement
Blarry House Research complies with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 set forth by the European Union regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. Blarry House Research has certified that it adheres to GDPR right of access, right to erasure, data portability, notice, consent, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
Amendments and Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our policy at any time by providing updated information on this page. This policy was last modified on January 30, 2020. We may update this Web site Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do update it, for your convenience, we will make the updated policy available on this page.
Home  |
Services  |
Expertise  |
FAQ  |
Fill Out A Profile  |
Privacy Policy
© 2020 Blarry House Research