http://www.mesvision.com/legal/privacy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: August 2019
MESVision is committed to the security and privacy of our customers’ data: This Privacy Policy explains our commitment to safeguarding our customers’ data and serves as our agreement with our customers and other parties about our data handling practices. This Privacy Policy lists the types of data we collect, explains how we use and protect that data, and discloses our key procedures surrounding privacy.
MESVision's online privacy policy for this website ("Privacy Policy"), www.mesvision.com (this "Site"). MESVision respects the privacy of visitors to our Site ("Users"), designed to serve the members of the vision plans for which MESVision is the plan or administrator.
Please note a different version of this Privacy Policy may have governed prior activities on this Site.
This Privacy Policy is a binding agreement between the Users and MESVision. By accessing any of our product or company websites, Users signify that they agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version here, and the new version will become effective immediately.
The privacy of our customers and affiliates is important to us. Therefore:
We do not sell or rent personally identifiable information;
We do not spam; and
Our policies forbid use of our Services for spam.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USED BY MESVision
The information MESVision collects depends on what Users do when they visit this Site. Please note that MESVision does not collect personally identifiable information about Users when they visit this Site unless they choose to provide such information to MESVision. Personally identifiable information that Users may choose to provide to MESVision may include name, mailing address, and email address.
Non-personally identifiable information collected may include, but not limited to, browser type, IP address, mobile device type and identifier, screen resolution, operating system, the date and time of a visit or use, the pages visited, areas accessed, the time spent viewing, and return visits to this Site. Users may be asked, on behalf of their company, to complete registration/activation form(s) with contact information for use by MESVision in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Registration or activation information may include the name of their company, contact information, product information, customer ID, and other relevant information (“Business Information”).
Provider Look Up: When Users access the on-line directory to locate local participating providers, we collect non-personally identifiable information to search our database, primarily zip code, city and/or county.
Provider Registration: When a participating provider registers to use on-line provider tools (eligibility verification, claims submission, etc.), we collect provider-specific information including provider number and password.
Provider's Request for Covered Person Eligibility: Within the registered provider area of the Site, providers can request covered person eligibility from us which lets a provider know whether or not a covered person is eligible for vision services. During this process, we collect covered person's name, primary subscriber (if covered person is a dependent), and an individually identifiable number assigned to each covered person (i.e. social security or other number) in order to verify a covered person's eligibility.
Provider Claim Submission: Within the registered provider area of the Site, providers may send claims to us for reimbursement for providing services to covered persons. The same data collected to verify eligibility is used in this process along with services rendered.
Customer Profile
We also collect Business Information when Users create a customer profile, which is required in order to access certain areas of the Site, purchase plans and products and to request information from us about our products and services. This information includes company name and contact information and other information about the User’s company (for example, size and number of employees).
We use this information in accordance with this policy to identify the User, process User’s requests, and administer User’s account(s).
Benefits Administration: We utilize the information collected from this Site as noted above to determine covered persons' eligibility for covered services and to provide payment to participating providers from claims submissions.
Newsletters
When the Users subscribe or sign up to receive newsletters published or offered via the Site, we will ask for information necessary to enable us to process Users’ request and to send them information regarding our products and services.
What do we use User’s information for?
Any of the information we collect from the Users may be used in the following ways:
To personalize their experience (their information helps us to better respond to their individual needs and preferences)
To administer their benefits
To send periodic communications
To monitor Users' experience and communicate with the Users about other services and products that may interest them.
Credit Card Processing
MESVision utilizes a third party to process credit cards and ACH payments on our Site.
MESVision does not store any credit card or ACH account information.
Payment information is securely sent to our payment company to process these transactions.
PUBLIC FORUMS – NOT PROTECTED
Please remember that any information that the Users submit, post, or otherwise reveal in a Public Forum (such as a chat room, blog, or discussion forum) is not subject to this Privacy Policy, will be seen by third parties not related to or not monitored by us and may be used by them (including personal and business information) or us to contact them for any purpose.
CHILDREN
MESVision's Site is not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. As such, the Site is not directed at children under the age of 13 nor do we knowingly collect or maintain website disclaimer information at member login from children under the age of 13 on the Site.
WEB ANALYTICS AND RESEARCH
MESVision uses web analytics to better understand how Users interact with this Site. These services provide non-personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, data on what site Users came from, what actions/activities Users perform on this Site, and where Users went when they left this Site. MESVision uses this information to improve the User’s experience when visiting this Site. Please click here to learn more about this service and how to opt out of data collection by Google Analytics. MESVision may also work with other vendors to conduct research surveys to improve User experience on this Site.
COOKIES
We use Cookies to enhance the user experience, support login functionality, deliver personalized content, and collect information about the use of the Site. "Cookies" are small computer files that we transfer to the Users’ computer hard drives. Cookies allow us to statistically monitor how many people are using the Site and for what purposes, how often someone visits the Site, and the length of their stay. This information helps us dynamically generate advertising and information specifically designed for the Users’ interests. We also use Cookies to prevent Users from having to re-enter their identification and password information each time the Users visit our Site. Cookies are not designed to retrieve personal or business data from their hard drive, email, or any other personal information. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies, but Users can change the setting to refuse Cookies or to be alerted when Cookies are being sent. Although refusal of Cookies will not interfere with the ability to interact with most of the Site, Users will need to accept Cookies in order to access information and use certain functions. For example, Cookies are required to be accepted for access to our web-based services or desktop products with online features. The Cookies are renewed each time a user logs on to one of the sites that uses Cookies.
Although the majority of the online advertisements on the Site is displayed by MESVision, we also from time to time allow third-party vendors, such as Google, to display advertisements on the Site. These third-party vendors may assign a different cookie to the Users. These cookies may be used to select which ads Users see on the Site and determine the effectiveness of this advertising. Users may choose to decline cookies from third-party ad servers, which we do not control. If the Users would like to opt out from receiving these third-party targeted advertisements, Users may read the instructions for more information.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
We want the Users' Business Information to remain as secure as reasonably possible. We combine industry-standard technical safeguards with training for those employees who are permitted to access our customers' Business Information. When Users purchase a product or service online, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption to encrypt their information before it is sent to us in order to ensure the integrity and privacy of the information that the Users provide to us via the Internet.
Many of our web-based services are hosted on servers that are co-located at a third-party facility with whom we have a contract providing for security measures. For example, hosted services data is submitted via SSL and TLS encryption and stored on a server equipped with industry standard firewalls.
Hosted data may include personally identifiable information and other information that belongs to our customers' own customers, website visitors, or other users. We will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such customer data except as provided in the service, or as may be required by law. Individual records of customer data may be viewed or accessed by authorized MESVision employees, or independent contractors only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support and service for the plan, or suspected violation of the service or license agreement, or as may be required by law. MESVision policy requires that both employees and consultants execute a confidentiality agreement before working for and with MESVision. Those employees that violate our Privacy Policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Despite these security measures, we do not represent or warrant that Business Information will be protected against loss, misuse, attacks, or alteration by third parties. Customers are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their usernames and passwords.
Passwords: This Site utilizes passwords from benefit administrators to allow only authorized User access to benefit administration functions. The benefit administrator is the person at the covered person’s company who will be managing the company’s account. This Site also utilizes passwords from other Users to access various Site functions.
Security: Data flowing to and from this Site is protected by encrypted digital certificates secured using TLS protocol.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
The Site may contain links to third-party websites and resources (collectively, "Linked Sites"). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to Users and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such Linked Sites. We make no representations or warranties regarding the correctness, accuracy, performance, or quality of any content, software, service, or application found at any Linked Site. We are not responsible for the availability of the Linked Sites or the content or activities of such sites. If Users decide to access any Linked Site, they do so at their own risk. Their use of any Linked Site is subject to the policies, terms of use, and privacy policies of such Linked Site, if any. We encourage the Users to refer to the third party’s website Privacy Policy.
CHANGES IN THE PRIVACY POLICY
This Site is continually evolving to provide Users with relevant information and services. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the then current policy to the Site. Users use of the Site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and their continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy. Please refer to this Privacy Policy regularly.
PRIVACY-RELATED INQUIRIES AND DATA SHARING OPT-OUT
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or if the Users wish to opt out of sharing data with us, they may contact us using the information below:
MESVision
Attn: Compliance Department
PO Box 25209
Santa Ana CA 92799-5209
WebsitePrivacy@MESVision.com