https://www.plunkettresearch.com/privacy/
Please wait while the search results are loading...
Information Marketing & Research PROS
Information for Students & Professors
Subscribers Log In
Toggle navigation
Subscribers Log In |
Customer Cart Log In
|
0 $0.00 - View Cart
Subscribers Log In
Industry Coverage
Custom Market Research
Catalogs
Media & Speaker
Plans & Pricing
About
News
Contact & FAQs
How to Buy
viewfree sex videos
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
This Privacy Policy version 2.0 is effective as of May 25, 2018.
General
Privacy of Your Data
In the course of serving you and conducting business with you, it is necessary for us to acquire a limited and reasonable amount of personal data from you.  We do not sell, share or otherwise utilize your personal data except as described below.  We do not allow third-parties to utilize your personal data for advertising.
Encrypted Credit Card Data
When you submit an order through our shopping cart, your information is encrypted by state of the art technology and protected by SSL (Secure Socket Layer). Your credit card information is encrypted and sent to our bank's processor---For your security, we never see, capture or store your card information in our own systems.
Email Systems and Services
We conduct one-on-one email communication via our own servers and via the email tools licensed to us by various software firms.  We strive to keep these communications private and secure.  We conduct group email communications via third-party email services. We do not allow third-parties to utilize your email address for any purposes other than our own communications with you.
Cookies
We utilize cookies on our websites in order to a) analyze and improve user interactions with our websites, and b) make suggestions to customers within our shopping cart.
Plunkett Research Online System User Statistics
We maintain records of user sessions of our database and our ebooks via the Plunkett Research Online system.  These records are anonymous, and represent simply the total number of sessions, exports, page views, etc., in aggregate within one subscription account.  We maintain these records for the convenience of librarians and information managers who need to know to what extent their patrons and employees are utilizing the Plunkett Research Online system.
OVERVIEW
At Plunkett Research, Ltd., we pride ourselves on our commitment to protecting your privacy. Our data governance and privacy policies reflect our company's values and how we strive to maintain your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") discloses the privacy practices of Plunkett Research, Ltd. (referred to collectively as "we," "us," "our"). This Policy governs how we use and protect personal information that we collect when you visit our websites, use our services, or otherwise engage with us.
Any use you make of Plunkett Research, Ltd.’s service offerings is subject to our Terms of Use  and any use you make of any subscriptions or trial access to our Plunkett Research Online service offering is also subject to the End-User License Agreement, Limited Warranty & Limitation of Liability specific to that service.
ABOUT US
Plunkett Research, Ltd. is a Limited Partnership registered in the State of Texas, United States of America.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Policy or questions or complaints about our privacy practices, please contact us using the methods detailed below:
Post or Mail:
Attn: Privacy, Plunkett Research, Ltd. P. O. Drawer 541737, Houston, Texas 77254-1737 USA
Email:
privacy@plunkettresearch.com
The contact information above should also be used for communications relating to exercising the rights described in section 6.2 below.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect personal information in the following ways:
1.1 INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US DIRECTLY
We gather information that you provide to us when you:
purchase products or services from us
subscribe to our newsletters or mailing lists
participate in promotional offers (such as a trial Plunkett Research Online subscription) and other promotions, competitions or prize drawings
fill in forms, conduct searches, post content on our websites, respond to surveys, or use any other features of our websites
make an inquiry, provide feedback, submit correspondence, or make a complaint over the phone, by email, on our website or by post
register for, and update an online account with us (including if you access through Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google, or an open IP provider)
register to, present at, and/or attend, our events and conferences, scan your attendance badge at any of the booths at our conferences/events, or at our booths when we are present at someone else's conference/event
enter into a contract with us
sign up for job alerts on our websites, submit a job application, a CV, cover letter, or social media profile to a job vacancy, attend an interview, assessment, or meeting
'follow', 'like', post to, or interact with, our social media accounts, including Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, Google+, and SnapChat.
The information you provide to us will include (depending on the circumstances):
Identity and contact data: job title, names, company, addresses, email addresses, phone numbers or your signature.
Account profile data: a username/display name, password, user preferences and, if you sign up for an account with us.
Conference registration details: the company/organization you work for, job title/position, language preferences, your name, your email, your age, your gender, your job function, your experience, your opinions and why you are attending the conference and what you hope to learn, your accessibility needs.
Financial data: payment details, which may include billing addresses, credit/debit card details and bank account details.
Employment and background data: if you apply for employment on our sites, your academic and work history, qualifications, skills, projects and research that you are involved in, references, proof of your entitlement to work in the relevant country, your national security number, your passport or other identity document details, your current level of remuneration (including benefits), and any other such similar information that you may provide to us.
Visual and audio information about yourself: e.g. a photo or video footage, or sound recording.
Your preferences: information about your preferences, interests, industry focus, community choices, and other customer profile information.
Any other information that you choose to share with us: for example, any information that you provide via correspondence, when you fill out our survey(s), that you share via our website or social media accounts linked to our website, or any information that you choose to provide in person at events, meetings, or over the phone.
1.2 INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH TECHNOLOGY RELATED TO OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Some of our products and services collect information about system and product data. We use this information to manage and administer our products and services, to issue updates and new versions, testing and monitoring services that we provide, enhancing our products and services, and improving and targeting our communications with you.
1.3 INFORMATION WE COLLECT THROUGH ONLINE TECHNOLOGY
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, local storage, and scripts are used by us and, in certain cases, third party technology service providers and web analytics providers. These technologies make it easier for you to navigate our website and to help us manage the content on our website and are used to analyze trends, administer the sites, track users' movements around the site (including which site you clicked from to arrive at our site), and gather demographic information about our user base.
1.4 INFORMATION FROM OTHER SOURCES
In certain circumstances, we will receive information about you from other sources, including third parties. For example, we may receive personal information from any of the following, who may be based inside and/or outside the EU:
Other website users.
Event attendees.
Your agents or representatives who are acting on your instructions.
Commercial contact lists that we acquire from other organizations.
Organizations that we acquire or merge with.
Organizations with whom we provide co-branded events, websites, products, and services.
Fraud detection agencies.
Your current and former employers, recruitment agencies, and referees.
Service providers including our website developers, IT support providers, cloud services providers, payment services providers, billing service providers, contractors, consultants, advertising agencies and platforms, digital performance monitoring and management providers, advertising analytics providers, marketing and sales service providers, user experience testing platforms, B2B contact databases, recruitment agencies, survey tool providers, customer relationship and customer support service providers, event ticket retailers, event management platform service providers, customer identity account management providers, HR service providers, couriers, instant messaging service providers.
Social media plugins. By providing your social media account details you are authorizing that third-party provider to share with us certain information about you.
Publicly available sources such as LinkedIn.
We might also receive information about you from other third parties if you have indicated to such third parties that you would like to hear from us.
1.5 SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF DATA
We need to have further justification for collecting, storing and using this type of personal information. We process special categories of personal information in the following circumstances:
in limited circumstances, with your explicit written consent
where it is necessary to carry out our legal obligations or exercise rights in connection with employment
2. USING PERSONAL INFORMATION
2.1 HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use your information for the following purposes:
To provide access to our website in a manner convenient and optimal and with personalized content relevant to you (on the basis of our legitimate interest to ensure our website is presented in an effective and optimal manner).
To register and maintain your Plunkett Research, Ltd. account (on the basis of performing our contract with you).
To process and fulfill your orders for products and services (and/or on the basis of performing our contract with you).
To process and facilitate transactions and payments, and recover money owed to us (on the basis of performing our contract with you, and on the basis of our legitimate interest to recover debts due).
To monitor your account and use of services to ensure compliance with our end-user agreements and prevent and identify unlawful content use and violations (on the basis of our legitimate interests to operate a safe and lawful business, or where we have a legal obligation to do so).
To enable you to communicate with other website users and clients (on the basis of your consent where we have requested it, or on the basis of performing our contract with you).
To manage our relationship with you, which will include notifying you about changes to our terms of service or privacy policy, and asking you to leave a review or take a survey (on the basis of performing our contract with you, to comply with our legal obligations, and our legitimate interest in keeping our records updated and study how our website and services are used).
To conduct business with you or your employer, including to contact you and manage and facilitate our business relationship with you and your employer (on the basis of performing our contract with you, and our legitimate interest in running our business).
To provide customer service and support, like dealing with inquiries or complaints about the website, which may include sharing your information with our website developer, IT support provider, and payment services provider as necessary (on the basis of performing our contract with you, our legitimate interest in providing the correct products and services to our website users, and to comply with our legal obligations).
To enable you to take part in prize drawings, competitions, and surveys (on the basis of performing our contract with you, and our legitimate interest in studying how our website and services are used, to develop them, and to grow our business).
To work with you and undertake projects with you, including to process any proposals that you submit to us (on the basis of our contract with you, and our legitimate interest in running our business).
For recruitment, including to process any job applications you submit to us, whether directly or via an agent or recruiter including sharing your information with our third-party recruitment agencies (on the basis of our legitimate interest to recruit new employees or contractors).
To carry out marketing and let you know about our news, events, website features products or services that we believe may interest you, including sharing your information with our marketing services providers (either on the basis of your consent where we have requested it, or our legitimate interests to provide you with marketing communications where we may lawfully do so).
To deliver relevant website content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you (on the basis of our legitimate interests in studying how our website/services are used, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To interact with users on social media platforms (on the basis of our legitimate interest in promoting our brand and communicating with interested individuals).
To conduct data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences (on the basis of our legitimate interests in defining types of customers for our website and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business, to provide the right kinds of products and services to our customers, and to inform our business and marketing strategy).
To carry out marketing research and user testing to assess the levels of satisfaction of existing and proposed products and services (on the basis of our legitimate interest in carrying out research, providing the right kinds of products and services to our customers).
To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity (on the basis of our legitimate interests to operate a safe and lawful business, or where we have a legal obligation to do so).
To enable us to comply with our policies and procedures and enforce our legal rights, and to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees and share your information with our technical and legal advisors (on the basis of our legitimate interests to operate a safe and lawful business, or where we have a legal obligation to do so).
We will use your information for the purposes listed above either on the basis of:
your consent (where we request it);
performance of your contract with us and the provision of our services to you;
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation; or
our legitimate interests or those of a third party (see section 2.2 below for more information).
2.2 LEGITIMATE INTERESTS
As outlined above, in certain circumstances we may use your personal information to pursue legitimate interests of our own or those of third parties. Where we refer to our "legitimate interests", we mean our legitimate business interests in conducting and managing our business and our relationship with you, including the legitimate interests we have specified in section 2.1 above.
Where we use your information for our legitimate interests, we make sure that we take into account any potential impact that such use may have on you. Our legitimate interests don't automatically override yours and we won't use your information if we believe your interests should override ours unless we have other grounds to do so (such as your consent or a legal obligation). If you have any concerns about our processing please refer to details of "Your Rights" in Section 6 below.
3. HOW WE SHARE AND DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We consider your personal information to be a vital part of our relationship with you and we do not sell your personal information to third parties. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your personal information with certain third parties, as follows:
Our service providers who are acting as processors and who assist us with our administrative or business functions, or in the provision of any of our products/services to you.
Wholly owned subsidiaries, as well as foreign offices of Plunkett Research, Ltd.
Regulators and governmental bodies like the IRS, HMRC, and other authorities and regulators acting as processors or joint controllers who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Any prospective buyer of our business or assets, only in the event that we wish to sell any part of our business or assets.
Other third parties including legal, professional or other advisors, regulatory authorities, courts, law enforcement agencies and government agencies) where necessary to enable us to enforce our legal rights, or to protect the rights, property or safety of our employees or where such disclosure may be permitted or required by law.
4. HOW WE LOOK AFTER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND HOW LONG WE KEEP IT
4.1 SECURITY
We use administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of personal data against loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. We also operate a policy of "privacy by design" by looking for opportunities to minimize the amount of personal information we hold about you.
The safeguards we use include:
ensuring the physical security of our offices, warehouses, or other sites
ensuring the physical and digital security of our equipment and devices by using appropriate password protection and encryption
using standard security protocols and mechanisms (such as secure socket layer (SSL) encryption) to transmit sensitive data such as credit card details
maintaining a data protection policy for, and delivering data protection training to, our employees
limiting access to your personal information to those who need to use it in the course of their work
If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, please contact us using the methods outlined in the “Contact Us” section above.
4.2 RETENTION
We will keep your information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the services that you have requested from us or for as long as we reasonably require to retain the information for our lawful business purposes, such as for the purposes of exercising our legal rights or where we are permitted to do. We operate a data retention policy and look to find ways to reduce the amount of information we hold about you and the length of time that we need to keep it.
4.3 HELP KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE
You can also play a part in keeping your information safe by:
choosing a strong account password, changing it regularly, and using different passwords for different online accounts
keeping your login and password details confidential
logging out of the website and closing the browser each time you have finished using it, especially when using a shared computer
informing us if know or suspect that your account has been compromised, or if someone has accessed your account without your permission
keeping your devices protected by using the latest version of your operating system and maintaining any necessary anti-virus software
being vigilant to any fraudulent emails that may appear to be from us. Any emails that we send will come from an email address ending in either: @plunkettresearch.com or @plunkettresearchonline.com .
5. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION
Plunkett Research, Ltd. is based in the United States of America.
5.1 PRIVACY SHIELD CERTIFICATION
Not applicable at this time.
5.2 SPECIAL NOTE TO USERS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES
We transact business throughout the world and have operations, processes and systems that cross borders. Our offices are located in the United States of America.
If you reside in the European Union, please be advised that your personal data will be processed outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). We will take reasonable steps necessary to ensure that your information is adequately protected and processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
6. YOUR RIGHTS: ACCESS AND ACCURACY, UPDATING, CORRECTING, OR DELETING INFORMATION
6.1 YOUR RIGHTS – SUMMARY
You have certain rights in respect of the information that we hold about you, including:
the right to be informed of the ways in which we use your information, as we seek to do in this Privacy Policy
the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes
the right to request access to the information that we hold about you
the right to request that we correct or rectify any information that we hold about you which is out of date or incorrect
the right to withdraw your consent for our use of your information in reliance of your consent (refer to section 2 above to see when we are relying on your consent), which you can do by contacting us using any of the details at the top of this Privacy Policy
the right to object to our using your information on the basis of our legitimate interests (refer to section 2 above to see when we are relying on our legitimate interests) (or those of a third party)) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground
the right to receive a copy of any information we hold about you (or request that we transfer this to another service provider) in a structured, commonly-used, machine readable format, in certain circumstances
in certain circumstances, the right to ask us to limit or cease processing or erase information we hold about you
the right to lodge a complaint about us to the UK Information Commissioner's Office (https://ico.org.uk/) as well as a right to lodge a complaint with the relevant authority in your country of work or residence
6.2 HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR RIGHTS
You may exercise your rights above by contacting us using the methods outlined in the Contact Us section above and we will comply with your requests unless we have a lawful reason not to do so.
In the case of preventing processing for marketing activities, you may opt-out of receiving newsletters or other communications by following the opt-out instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by contacting us using the methods outlined in the Contact Us section above.
You can opt out of our Google Analytics data collection by using the tools available here. Please note that your objection to processing (or withdrawal of any previously given consent) could mean that we are unable to provide you with our services. Even after you have chosen to withdraw your consent we may continue to process your personal information when required or permitted by law, in particular in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights, or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
6.3 WHAT WE NEED FROM YOU TO PROCESS YOUR REQUESTS
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and to enable you to exercise the rights set out above. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
You will not have to pay a fee to exercise the rights set out above. However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
7. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our website is not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect or maintain the personal information of children under the age of 13, and in some jurisdictions under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 13, please do not access our website at any time or in any manner. If we learn that we have collected personal information of children under the age of 13 or 16 (as applicable), we will take appropriate steps to delete that data.
8. SHARING DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
You might provide personal information directly to third parties as a consequence of your interactions with our website and other services offered by us. For example, our website may contain content and links to other third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications that are operated by third parties that may also operate cookies. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We don't control these third-party websites or cookies, we are not responsible for their privacy statements, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to them. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section above.
Please be responsible with personal information of others when using our website and the services available on it. We are not responsible for your misuse of personal information, or for the direct relationship between you and others that takes place outside of the website or our services.
9. FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
You may request to opt-out of any of our marketing or communications activities at any time. If you do not want us to communicate with you, contact us using the methods described in the Contact Us section above.
California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers at this time.
10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that this Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your consent. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. You can also view prior versions of the Policy by viewing the links in section 11 below.
11. PREVIOUS VERSIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
11.1 Plunkett Research, ltd. PRIVACY POLICIES
Click here for version 1.0
What data challenge can we help you solve today?
Country:*
Organization:*
CorporateGovernmentLibraryAcademicSmall Business/Startup
Job Title:*
Marketing or SalesOther management/ExecutiveLibrarianProfessorStudent
* I agree to receive emails containing information about services and offers from Plunkett Research, Ltd. I understand that I can unsubscribe at any time and that my information will not be shared with third-parties. Terms & Conditions
Submit  Clear
A REPRESENTATIVE LIST OF ORGANIZATIONS THAT HAVE USED OUR RESEARCH PRODUCTS:
Take a Tour
How to Use Plunkett Research Online-12 Minutes
Plunkett Online Access
Plunkett Research Books
Contact
Phone: 713.932.0000
Alternate Phone: 713.961.3282
Fax: 713.932.7080
E-Mail Us
Ask a Product Question
Media Interviews, Get a Speaker
Custom Research
International Distributors List
News & RSS
Testimonials
Your tool is very comprehensive and immensely useful. The vertical marketing tool is very helpful, for it assists us in that venue, as well as targeting customers’ competition for new sales…The comprehensive material is absolutely fabulous. I am very impressed, I have to say!
Tammy Dalton, National Account Manager, MCI, Tammy Dalton
We are especially trying to push Plunkett since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.
St. John’s College, Library Services
I’m amazed at how much information is available and the various ways to access it. This will be a major resource for our serious job seekers.
Penn State University, Career Services
I really appreciate the depth you were able to get to so quickly (for our project). The team has looked through the material and are very happy with the data you pulled together.
Marketing Manager, Hilton Worldwide
Plunkett Research Online is an excellent resource…the database contains a wealth of useful data on sectors and companies, which is easy to search and well presented.
Help and advice on how to conduct, export and save searches is available at all stages.
Penny Crossland, Editor, VIP Magazine
The more I get into the database, the happier I am that we’ll have it–REALLY happy!!!
Between the quality and affordability of your product, its appeal to and value for our users, and the inestimably ethical and loyalty-guaranteeing conduct of your business, I will always have more than sufficient praises to sing for Plunkett Research.
Michael Oppenheim, Collections & Reference Services, UCLA
Plunkett Research Online provides a great ‘one stop shop’ for us to quickly come up to speed on major industries. It provides us with an overall analysis of the market, key statistics, and overviews of the major players in the industry in an online service that is fast, easy to navigate, and reliable.
Wendy Stotts, Manager, Carlson Companies-Information Center
We are especially trying to push Plunkett’s since all of our students have to do so much industry research and your interface is so easy to use.
Gary White, Business Materials Selector, Penn State University
desi mms free group sex images.