http://www.romacindustrialparts.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
My Account
Sign in
Register
My Wishlist
×
Call Us 1-877-727-6622
My Account
My Wishlist
My Account
Romac Industrial Parts
All
Manufacturers
--- Adco Style
--- Bobcat Style
--- Case Style
--- Caterpillar Style
--- Chocky Bars
--- Clark-Hancock Style
--- Doosan Style
--- Dresser Style
--- Esco Style
--- Fabco Style
--- Fanggs Style
--- Fiat Style
--- Ford-New Holland Style
--- Gallion Style
--- Gehl Style
--- Geith Style
--- H&L Style
--- Hendrix Style
--- Hensley Style
--- Hitachi Style
--- Hyundai Style
--- JCB Style
--- John Deere Style
--- Kawasaki Style
--- Komatsu Style
--- Kubota Style
--- Liebherr Style
--- Linkbelt Style
--- Massey Ferguson Style
--- ROMAC
--- Takeuchi Style
--- Terex Style
--- Volvo Style
--- Wear Bars
--- Wear Buttons
--- Wear Plates
--- Yanmar Style
Product Catalog
--- 5 Packs
--- Adapters
--- Adapters & Adapter Covers
--- Assemblies
--- Base Edges
--- Base Plate
--- Chocky Bars
--- Cleaner & Scraper Bars
--- Cutting Edges
--- End Bits
--- Grader Blades
--- Guards & Protectors
--- Guides
--- Heel Plates
--- Heel Shrouds
--- Kits
--- Lip Shrouds
--- Nuts
--- Packer Feet
--- Pedestals
--- Pins
--- Pins, Tools, Blocks & Bits
--- Plow Bolts
--- Plow Bolts & Nuts
--- Protectors
--- Retainers
--- Ripper Shank Noses & Adapters
--- Ripper Shanks
--- Router Bits
--- Rubber Tracks
--- Scarifier Shanks
--- Segments
--- Shanks
--- Sidecutters
--- Teeth
--- Top Plates
--- Trash Cleat
--- V Kits
--- Washers, Retainers & Locks
--- Wear Bars
--- Wear Plates
--- Weld On Noses
--- Weld-On Noses
--- Weldments
Sale!
Search
Call Us 1-877-727-6622
Sign in
Cart (0)
0
Your cart is empty
Manufacturers
Adco Style
Bobcat Style
Case Style
Caterpillar Style
Chocky Bars
Clark-Hancock Style
Doosan Style
Dresser Style
Esco Style
Fabco Style
Fanggs Style
Fiat Style
Ford-New Holland Style
Gallion Style
Gehl Style
Geith Style
H&L Style
Hendrix Style
Hensley Style
Hitachi Style
Hyundai Style
JCB Style
John Deere Style
Kawasaki Style
Komatsu Style
Kubota Style
Liebherr Style
Linkbelt Style
Massey Ferguson Style
ROMAC
Takeuchi Style
Terex Style
Volvo Style
Wear Bars
Wear Buttons
Wear Plates
Yanmar Style
Product Catalog
5 Packs
Adapters
Adapters & Adapter Covers
Assemblies
Base Edges
Base Plate
Chocky Bars
Cleaner & Scraper Bars
Cutting Edges
End Bits
Grader Blades
Guards & Protectors
Guides
Heel Plates
Heel Shrouds
Kits
Lip Shrouds
Nuts
Packer Feet
Pedestals
Pins
Pins, Tools, Blocks & Bits
Plow Bolts
Plow Bolts & Nuts
Protectors
Retainers
Ripper Shank Noses & Adapters
Ripper Shanks
Router Bits
Rubber Tracks
Scarifier Shanks
Segments
Shanks
Sidecutters
Teeth
Top Plates
Trash Cleat
V Kits
Washers, Retainers & Locks
Wear Bars
Wear Plates
Weld On Noses
Weld-On Noses
Weldments
Sale!
About Us
Testimonials
Contact Us
Blog
Home
Privacy Policy
We Take Your Privacy Seriously
Privacy Statement
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.romacparts.com and Romac Industrial Parts, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Romac Industrial Parts, Inc. include www.romacparts.com and Romac . The Romac website is a parts eCommerce site. By using the Romac website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Romac may collect personally identifiable information such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
E- mail Address
Phone Number
If you purchase Romac's products and services, we collect billing and credit card Information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Romac's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in future.
Use of your Personal Information
Romac collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. Romac may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Romac and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Romac does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Romac may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Romac, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Romac may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Romac or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Romac; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Romac, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Romac may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Romac, in order to determine what Romac services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Romac to customers whose behavior indicates tint they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Romac. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Romac website.
Use of Cookies
The Romac website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize a Romac pages, or register with Romac site or services, a cookie helps Romac to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Romac website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Romac features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Romac services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Romac secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
Romac uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Romac does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Romac may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Romac, you may opt out of such communications by Customers may unsubscribe from emails by "clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.”
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Romac reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such notifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
Contact Information
Romac welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Romac has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Romac at:
Romac Industrial Parts
607 Bell Park Circle
Woodstock, GA 30188
Email Address:
info@romacparts.com
Telephone number:
770-466-1340
Effective as of February 24 , 2020
×
Shop
Manufacturers
Product Catalog
Sale!
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Warranty Info
Terms & Conditions
About Store
About Us
Store Location
Testimonials
Sitemap
Legals
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Shipping & Returns
Warranty Info
Newsletter Sign Up
Get the latest deals and special offers
Need help? We're available at 1 877-72ROMAC (727-6622) or Email us at
info@romacparts.com
©
Romac Industrial Parts - All Rights Reserved
eCommerce Software by CartFuze
Visa
Master Card
American Express
Paypal