https://www.kangaroogolf.com/privacy.html
Last updated: July 5, 2018
Kangaroo Products Company operates https://www.kangaroogolf.com. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the site.
We use your personal information only for providing the services requested, improving the site, and to maintain appropriate company transaction records. By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
When purchasing on our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("personal information"). This information is used to provide the services you request, maintain company transaction records, or to contact you should there be any problems or concerns with your order.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site ("log data").
This log data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, pages of our site that you visit, time and date of your visit, time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this so that we can improve our site and gain insight into our consumer base to improve marketing strategies.
Communications
We may use your personal information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials or to contact you about an order you placed on our site. We may use contact information to reach out to applicable parties should there be any problems or concerns with an order or request. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
Chat
Our website has a live chat/contact form option on some pages. You must allow cookies to use this feature. If you choose to use the feature we will ask for your name and email both as a security measure and so that we may contact you back to answer your questions. This information is used in-house. It will not be released to any third parties other than Live Agent, the live chat service, who provides technical coding and support for the feature. They may collect, monitor, and analyze certain information to help us or them learn about our consumer base and improve marketing strategies.
Security
We take the privacy and security of personal information seriously and follow a strict protocol so that information is handled responsibly and in accordance with all applicable data protection and privacy laws. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or any method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 5, 2018 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this
Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a notice on our website.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. You can reach us at 828.436.2101 or toll-free at 800.438.3011 or
e-mail us.