http://www.ispfcu.org/privacy.asp
Skip to main content
Account Opening
Checking Accounts
VISA Credit Cards
ISPFCU Privacy Policy
Objective
Illinois State Police Federal Credit Union (ISPFCU) is committed to meeting all the financial needs of its members
without compromising the valued relationship it has with them. The Directors, management and staff of ISPFCU acknowledge
that the member's trust and confidence in ISPFCU is the highest priority. In their daily transactions and dealings
with ISPFCU, members furnish sensitive and confidential information. ISPFCU is committed to protecting its members'
privacy and it is the stated intent of ISPFCU to comply with NCUA Privacy Rules and other applicable privacy provisions.
To ensure that members continue their trust in ISPFCU, the following policy is adopted.
Confidentiality, Security And Integrity Of Nonpublic Information
ISPFCU will restrict access to nonpublic personal information about its members only to those employees who need to
know that information to provide products and services to its members. All ISPFCU employees are trained not to discuss
member information unnecessarily among themselves and to never discuss this information outside the office of ISPFCU.
Any unauthorized breach of member confidentiality, even if done inadvertently, will be cause for immediate disciplinary
action. ISPFCU will maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to
guard its members' nonpublic personal information.
Information We Collect
ISPFCU will collect nonpublic personal information about its members from the following sources:
Information received from its members on applications or other forms
Information about members' transactions with ISPFCU
Information about members' transactions with nonaffiliated third parties
Information from a consumer reporting agency
ISPFCU will not disclose any nonpublic personal information about its members to anyone, except as authorized by law.
Nonpublic Personal Information And Nonaffiliated Third Parties
ISPFCU will not disclose the members' nonpublic personal information to nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted
by law.
Nonpublic Personal Information And Former Members
ISPFCU will not disclose nonpublic personal information about former members.
Right To Privacy Notice
ISPFCU will provide a right to privacy notice to all new credit union members and to any member upon request.