http://www.rock-ola.com/pages/cookie-policy
Skip to content
Jukeboxes
Accessories
Rock-Ola Parts
Rock-Ola Apparel
Wurlitzer Parts
Brand
About Us
History
Blog
Dealership Finder
Factory Visit
Global Sustainability
Become a Dealer
Press Releases
How We Build A Jukebox
Pay over time
Contact Us
Help
Trustpilot
Cookie Policy
View
About Us
View
Contact Us
View
Global Sustainability
View
Terms & Conditions
View
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
Global Sustainability
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
USE OF COOKIES BY ROCK-OLA
The Rock-Ola website make use of cookies and web beacons (hereafter referred to as “cookies”). These tools consist of small text or pixel files that are stored on your computer.
Because we value your privacy and want to be transparent in how we collect information about you, this notice provides details on the cookies we use, how you can oppose their use and how this will impact your browsing experience.
HOW TO DISABLE OR ENABLE COOKIES?
You can accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to use all of the interactive features of the site. Most web browsers allow you to control the cookies saved on your computer. You can find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them on www.allaboutcookies.org.
WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE?
Below we have detailed the categories of cookies set by our websites and their purpose. In some cases we use third party cookies, in which case the source is also indicated. The information below is updated regularly but if you notice a discrepancy, please contact us at the below address.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
In addition, our websites may allow you to “share” content with friends through social networks. These social networks may set a cookie when you are logged in to their service and use the share functionality on our websites. Rock-Ola does not control these cookies. Please check the social networks websites for more information about their cookies and how they use them.
HOW DO I CONTACT ROCK-OLA
Please see Contact Us
Join our mailing list
Sign up and get notified about updates, launches & special offers
Your email address
Sign me up
Free shipping over $500Learn More
Trusted since 1927Learn More
Over 100 dealersLearn More
1 Year warrantyLearn More
© 2020
Rock-Ola.
All Rights Reserved.
Site Design & Build by BAO.
Choose your storeAre you in the right place? We have a local store for your territory.