http://www.gnostick.com/privacy_policy
Register Sign In
Toggle navigation
ABOUT US
TRADING SYSTEMS
TRADING ROOM
RQ CROSS BOX
EVENTS
PERFORMANCE
CONTACT
Home
Privacy Policy
Rios Quantitative LLC respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web
site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at Rios Quantitative LLC’s Web site.
Part I. Information Collection
Rios Quantitative LLC collects information through our Web site at several points. We collect the following information about primary visitors:
Your name
Your address
Your email address
Your contact phone number
Your cell phone number
Your IP address
Rios Quantitative LLC does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 18 to divulge personal information.
We collect this information through subscription forms, contact us forms, automatic logging files, and so on. The information is collected voluntarily. To receive our products and services, your name address and payment details are mandatory because as this information is provided to credit card companies to process payments. Other information we request is optional.
Part II. Information Usage
Rios Quantitative LLC uses your data to send you information about the company. We might use this information to contact you as necessary. However, you may opt out of or opt in to our mailings at any time. Demographic and profile data are collected at our site and used to personalize future visits by displaying the content we feel you would most interest yo
Registered users will receive additional announcements from us about products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
The information we collect will be used to create customer profiles based on browsing or purchasing history. We may supplement information collected at our Web site with data from other sources such as credit history to authorize purchases.
We may share data with the following third parties: credit card companies or companies that settle payments. These third parties will use the information as follows: verify credit card details and settle credit card transactions for payment of Rios Quantitative LLC products and services.
Rios Quantitative LLC offers chat rooms to its subscribers. Please note that information that is disclosed in these arenas becomes public. Use caution in disclosing any personal information.
If our policy on information collection or uses changes, we will advise you by email within a seven day period.
Part III. Access to Information
Users may access their own personal information and contact us about inaccuracies they may find. Users may contact us or access their account. Users may update their information from our database by accessing their account any time from our site using their unique user ID and password.
Part IV. Problem Resolution
If problems arise, users may contact Rios Quantitative LLC by any of the means shown on the contact us page. We are committed to resolving disputes within 5 business days from receipt of problem.
Part V. Data Storage and Security
Rios Quantitative LLC protects user information with the following security measures: collecting payment information under the Secure Socket Layer Protocol, using password protected servers.