http://www.dzd.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Skip to Content
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONS
This website is owned and operated by DZD, a trading name of the Corporate Christmas Tree Company Ltd (company number SC183535), and is made available on the following terms and conditions. By using the website you accept these terms and conditions, which shall be interpreted according to the laws of England.
DZD trades as a Business to Business operation and consumer distance selling regulations are not applicable.
All DZD products are designed and manufactured for use solely as display props.
ORDERING
We require a minimum order value of £15.00.
PRICES & PAYMENT ONLINE
Prices and descriptions are correct at the time of publication but we reserve the right to alter prices and product specifications as necessary.
All products are offered subject to availability.
Payment online is accepted by Maestro, Mastercard, Visa, Visa Debit and PayPal.
Please note that payment is only accepted in GB £
RETENTION OF TITLE
The Corporate Christmas Tree Company T/A DZD retains legal and beneficial title to all goods until payment is received in full.
DZD or our appointed agents may, at any time, enter the customer’s premises to recover the goods, or other goods of equivalent value, if payment is overdue, if a receiver is appointed or it ceases trading.
DATA PROTECTION
DZD’s use of personal information supplied by you when you use this website is governed by our privacy policy.
LICENCE
DZD grants you a non-exclusive licence to access and use the content in this website for your personal purposes. You may not reproduce or distribute any part of the content for commercial purposes.
You acknowledge that the copyright, database rights and all other intellectual property rights comprised in or relating to this website and in the data it contains belongs to DZD.
CHANGES TO THE WEBSITE
DZD may at any time make alterations to or withdraw this website or any part of it.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
DZD excludes all warranties, express or implied relating to this website. This includes, but is not limited to, any implied warranty that the information it contains is accurate or up-to-date or is suitable for any particular purpose. DZD shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered as the result of the use of this website.
Request A Catalogue
The data you provide will only be used to send out a catalogue to you. View our privacy policy for more on how we protect your personal information.
Information
About DZD
Contact Us
FAQS
Delivery, Returns & Cancellation
Blog
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
Catalogue
We use cookies to improve your shopping experience. By using this site, you are accepting our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
Keep Shopping