http://www.logobee.com/graphic-design/graphic-design-policy.htm
GRAPHIC DESIGN
call us: 1 888 905 6462
En
Fr
Logo Design
Portfolio
Prices & Order Process
Policy
Affiliates
FAQ
Stationery
Portfolio
Prices & Order Process
Policy
FAQ
Graphic Design
Portfolio
Prices & Order
Process
Policy
FAQ
Web Design
Portfolio
Prices & Order
Process
Policy
FAQ
Reviews
Read Reviews
Leave Review
About
About LogoBee
FAQ
Contact Us Partners
Promotions
Affiliates
Logo Maker
Logo Maker
FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY
REFUND POLICY
LEGAL RIGHTS AGREEMENT
COOKIE POLICY
CMYK, Pantone colors, printing responsibility
LogoBee, Inc holds no responsibility for retraced images
Timelines
Stationery design and final approvals on the logo
Loss of data
Prices and services
Billing and Payment Terms and Conditions
Custom logo design services. Our inhouse designers will come up with unique logo concepts from scratch based on your business profile, idea, and requirements.
Sign up to become a LogoBee, Inc affiliate and earn $20 for each logo design purchase and/or $50 for each web design purchase you refer to our site!
We offer custom web design based on your preferences, from simple informative sites with just a few pages to extensive e-commerce and CMS websites with multiple functionality.
The BundleBee package comes with complete logo and stationery design, plus up to 5 pages of custom website design based on your business profile and design preferences.
Build your own logo in minutes, you can choose from a list of multiple logo design templates.Customize it the way you like it. Download for free or a small fee.
Privacy Policy
LogoBee,Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. In order to provide a quick and accurate response to your logo design, web design, or graphic design order, LogoBee,Inc. asks only for the information necessary to complete your order with precision. All the information is strictly for the use of LogoBee,Inc. It will not be shared with any third party. LogoBee,Inc. uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect your privacy when you place an on-line order.
The information we gather and how we use it:
When you order a logo design, web design, or graphic design we need to know your name, your company's name, your email address, and your mailing address. This allows us to process and complete your order and to notify you of your order status. We also ask some information about your company in order to have a creative direction for your company's logo design, web design, or graphic design needs.
Refund Policy
We guarantee your full satisfaction or your money back. An administration fee of 3.5% of your original purchase price will be deducted from the amount refunded. The refund policy will not take effect in any of the following events:
How the money will be transferred:
If you have paid using your credit card, the money will be transferred back to your credit card account. It may take up to 6 business days for the money to appear in your account. If you have paid using a PayPal, your refund will returned back to your PayPal account.
If you purchased a "Promo Package".
If you have already approved your logo design, web design, graphic design, or stationery set design.
If work has already commenced on one of your samples and 3 or more design changes have been carried out at your request.
If the party for which the artwork was being designed closes, changes its name, or changes its field of business.
If the project was canceled for reasons unrelated to the artwork designed by LogoBee,Inc.
If you have not communicated with LogoBee, Inc. for more than 3 months following the submission of your order.
If other design companies were simultaneously hired to work on the same design project.
Legal Rights Agreement
All the rights of approved final logo design, web design, or graphic design LogoBee, Inc. has created and designed for specific client belong to the client for which it was designed. LogoBee, Inc. does not hold any rights to the final approved design created for a client.
LogoBee, Inc. does not file a trademark application with respect to the logos, web design, or grpahic design created for its client. The client is free to register as a trademark the final approved logo design created for it by LogoBee,Inc.
In the event that payment for any design is not made in accordance with the payment policies of LogoBee, Inc., then all of client's rights in and to the logo design, web design, or graphic design created for it, including any trademark property, will immediately revert back to LogoBee, Inc.
CMYK, Pantone colors, printing responsibility:
For the purpose of versatility we will supply your logo kit, stationery set kit, and graphic design kit with files in different color modes such as RGB, CMYK, and may contain Pantone colors. (To learn more about these modes see our FAQ section.)
When you are approving your logo on the computer monitor, you are only approving RGB colors. Computer screens can only reproduce RGB colors and only simulates other color modes. We do our best to match RGB colors on our computer screen to CMYK or Pantone colors, but it is physically impossible to find an exact match. When we convert your files in to different color modes (CMYK, Pantone) we hold no responsibility for matching exactly your approved RGB colors. It is the clients’ responsibility to double-check and make sure the printer gets the right color.
Furthermore when printing in CMYK process the printed colors may vary. This is due to a non standardized color pallet used by this process printers, and calibration of the machine.
Therefore LogoBee is removing all the responsibilities for the outcome of the printing quality and colors.
LogoBee, Inc. holds no responsibility for retraced images:
Any idea provided by the client: sketch, copy, fax, file… that LogoBee, Inc. is asked to use in the logo design process removes its responsibility from any copyright violation or warranties. In such circumstances LogoBee, Inc. cannot guarantee the originality of its work and therefore will not be held liable for any damages or violations.
A waiver form is required to sign prior to LogoBee, Inc. using any images provided by the client.
Timelines:
The general delivery time line for the first graphic design concepts is 5 business days.
Every following change will be delivered in 1-2 business days.
More complex changes or redraws may be delivered up to 2 business days (depending on the complexity of work).
All redraw deadlines are determined by the receipt of all necessary information pertaining to the re-designing of the graphic design project.
Font information:
LogoBee, Inc. will provide all font names used in the design process.
LogoBee, Inc. does not provide the actual font files.
Stationery design and final approvals on the logo:
Please take note that once you give a final approval on your graphic design project you may only request another change at an additional charge.
Changes to approved design are charged a minimum of $40.
Upon the final approval of a graphic design project, LogoBee, Inc. will require up to 1-2 business days to put together all of the files.
Loss of data:
LogoBee, Inc. will take all appropriate precautions to safeguard its servers and data contained within, however LogoBee, Inc. will not be held responsible for any loss of client data stored or intended to be stored on the servers and on back-up devices.
The client will not be entitled to any form of compensation from LogoBee, Inc. in the event of loss of data, therefore it is recommended that the client also takes steps to back up his/her logo materials.
Prices and services:
LogoBee, Inc. may make changes to the website and information provided, i.e. publications, prices, technical specifications, promotions and product offerings at any time and without notice.
Billing and Payment Terms and Conditions:
DEFINITIONS
“Goods” means any goods and/or services provided by the Company as ordered by the Client
“ Company” means Sample Answers Ltd. incorporating Prime Prospects.
“ Client” means the person, firm or company placing an order with the Company.
1) FORMATION OF CONTRACT
All Goods sold by the Company are sold subject to the Company’s standard terms and conditions (as detailed in the policy section) which form part of the Client’s contract with the Company. Terms and conditions on the Client’s order form or other similar document shall not be binding on the Company.
2) ORDERS
Orders will be deemed to have been placed when an email confirmation has been received from a responsible executive of the client company.
3) RIGHT TO SUB CONTRACT
Unless otherwise agreed the Company shall be entitled to sub-contract all or any part of the work.
4) RISK OF LOSS
The risk of loss or damage to the Goods shall pass to the Client upon delivery of the Goods.
5) PAYMENTS
5.1 New clients or other clients out of terms may be expected to pay in advance for their services.
5.2 All other invoices issued by the Company shall be paid by the Client within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Company. In the event of late payment, the Company may charge interest on the amount outstanding before and after judgement at the rate of five (5) percent above the Base Rate of Barclays Bank plc in force from the due date until the date of payment.
5.3 If any amount of an invoice is disputed then the Client shall inform the Company of the grounds for such dispute within seven days of delivery of the goods and shall pay to the Company the value of the invoice less the disputed amount in accordance with these payment terms. Once settlement of the dispute has been agreed, any sum then outstanding shall also be payable in accordance with these payment terms.
5.4 The Company reserves the right to increase a quoted fee in the event that the client requests a variation to the work agreed.
6) CANCELLATION
In view of the nature of the service, any order – once confirmed by the Company – is not cancellable. Cancellation of the Order by the Client will only be accepted on condition that any costs, charges and expenses already incurred, including any charges that will be levied by a sub-contractor on account of their expenses, work or cancellation conditions will be reimbursed to the Company forthwith.
7) DELIVERY
7.1 The majority of services as supplied by the company are despatched electronically by email or designated project on-line project page and shall be deemed as having been delivered when the email has been opened by the client or downloaded from the project page.
7.2 The Company reserves the right to substitute conventional delivery methods without notice or penalty should electronic despatch prove inconvenient; in which case delivery by the Company will be deemed to have taken place when the materials are handed to the custody of the Client at his premises or to a deputed messenger or courier when posted. The Company will be entitled to charge the Client for any expenses of delivery other than normal postage charges.
8) FORCE MAJEURE
The Company will not be liable to the Client for any loss or damage suffered by the Client as a direct result of the Company, its sub-contractors or the list-owner from whom the sample or other service or material is derived being unable to perform the Contract in the way agreed by reason of cause beyond its control including Act of God, accident, war, riot, lockout, strike, flood, fire, power failure, breakdown of plant or machinery, delay in transit, postal delay, or any other unexpected or exceptional cause or circumstance.
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy:
We use and allow certain other companies to use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies (collectively “Cookies”) on our Services. We do this to understand your use of our Services; improve your user experience and enable personalized features and content; optimize our advertisements and marketing. You can find more information about Cookies at:
www.allaboutcookies.org.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to the browser that you use when you visit a site. The entity that places cookies on your browser can then read the information on that cookie that it set. Cookies are typically classified as either “session cookies” which do not stay on your device after you close your browser or “persistent cookies” which will usually remain on your device until you delete them or they expire. Different cookies are used to perform different functions:
•	Essential Cookies: Some cookies are essential and enable you to move around the Services and use their features, such as accessing secure areas of the Services. Without these cookies, we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using. Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow us to remember choices you make on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are in).
•	Personalization Cookies: We also use cookies to change the way our Services behave or look in order to personalize your experience from information we infer from your behavior on our Services or information we may already know about you because, for example, you are a registered user. These cookies may be used to tailor the Services or the content, look and feel delivered to you on subsequent sessions to our Services. For example, if you personalize webpages, or use specific parts of the Services, a cookie helps our webpage server recall your specific information. When you next use the Services, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Services features that you previously chose.
•	Analytics Cookies: We use our own cookies and/or third-party cookies and other identifiers (such as web beacons) to see how you use our Services in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to the preferences of our customers and visitors. For example, cookies and web beacons may be used to: maintain a consistent look and feel across our Services; track and provide trend analysis on how our users interact with our Services; track errors and measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
•	Advertising Cookies: These cookies record your visit to our Services, your opening and review of our emails, the pages you have visited, and the links you have clicked. They gather information about your browsing habits and remember that you have visited a website. We or our service providers may use this information to make advertisements more relevant to you.
• PHPSESSID - Session
Initiator: Web server
Cookie purpose description: Preserves user session state across page requests.
Source: logobee.com
• __utmt - 1 day
Initiator: Page source line number 1378-1386
Source: In line script
Cookie purpose description: Used to throttle the speed of requests to the server.
• chatstatus - Session
Initiator: Script tag, page source line number 1205
Source: logobee.com/includes/chatWindow.js
Cookie purpose description: Used to identiffy status of on-line chat.
• LogoBeeLast - Session
Initiator: Page source line number 1388-1442
Source: Inline script
Cookie purpose description: Unclassified
• vsid - Session
Initiator: Script tag, page source line number 162
Source: image.providesupport.com/js/0kni914nel6lo0ip2d6j7qnzvf/safe-standard.js?ps_h=4yGEps_t=1562147145539
Cookie purpose description: Used for on-line chat support
Third-Party Cookies
Please note that third parties (including for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies on our Services. We used trusted partners like Google AdWords to help us service advertising. We also use Google Analytics on our Services to help us analyze how our Services are used. Google Analytics uses performance cookies to track visitor interactions. For example, by using cookies, Google can tell us which pages our users view, which are most popular, what time of day our websites are visited, whether visitors have been to our websites before, what website referred the visitor to our websites, and other similar information.
We have little control over these “third party” cookies, so we suggest that you check the respective privacy policies for these external services to help you understand what data these organizations hold about you and what they do with it.
•	Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
•	Google AdWords: https://support.google.com/adwords/answer/2549116?hl=en
•	Google Analytics: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2700409?hl=en
Controlling Cookies
There are a number of ways you can manage what cookies are set on your devices. Essential cookies, however, cannot be disabled. If you do not allow certain cookies to be installed, the Services may not be accessible to you and/or the performance, features, or Services of the website may be compromised.
Browser Settings. How to Disable or Delete cookies
You can disable and/or delete most types of cookies by using your browser settings. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others’ services. The following links provide information on how to modify the cookies settings on some popular browsers:
•	Apple Safari
http://support.apple.com/kb/PH5042
•	Google Chrome https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=95647&p=cpn_cookies
•	Microsoft Internet Explorer https://support.microsoft.com/en-ca/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
•	Mozilla Firefox https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
Cross-Device Cookies
If you wish to opt out of our ability to track you across devices, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here .
Do Not Track Signals
There is no uniform or consistent standard or definition for responding to, processing, or communicating Do Not Track signals. At this time the Services do not function differently based a user’s Do Not Track signal. For more information on Do Not Track signals, see All About Do Not Track.
More Information
If you have any questions about how we use cookies, you can contact us at support@logobee.com.
HOME
Logo Design Blog Logo Design Tutorials SITEMAP
Logo Maker
LOGO DESIGN
Portfolio
Prices & Order
Process
Policy
Affiliate Program
FAQ
STATIONERY
Portfolio
Prices & Order
Process
Policy
FAQ
GRAPHIC DESIGN
Portfolio
Prices & Order
Process
Policy
FAQ
WEB DESIGN
Portfolio
Prices & Order
Process Policy
FAQ
REVIEWS
View All
Leave Review
ABOUT
About LogoBee
FAQ
Contact Us Affiliate Partners
Become Affiliate
Promotions
All artwork, creations, logo design, found on LogoBee.com site are the property of LogoBee®, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Live Chat
Close
Hello! May I be of any assistance to you?
Ask me about our coupon discounts
Name:
Start Chat