https://www.martinlindstrom.com/legal/
Close Menu
Ready? Here comes the long-awaited shift in employee & customer happiness.
Pre-Order here
Let’s talk
Home
About Us
Expertise
Books
Speaking / Workshops
Cases
Maersk
Burger King
Standard Chartered
Lowes
Swiss Post
Majid Al Futtaim
Intertek
Dorchester Collection
Swiss Airlines
Articles
On Tv
Press
Contact Us
Conference Download
Newsletter
NameEmail*
Ready? Here comes the long-awaited shift in employee & customer happiness.
Pre-Order here
Free live webinars with Martin with every pre-order before December 30th.
LEARN MORE
x
Legal
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Lindstrom Company makes no epresentations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Lindstrom Company does not warrant that:
This website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
The information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.
Limitations of liability
Lindstrom Company will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
To the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;
For any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
For any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss 	 of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Lindstrom Company has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Lindstrom Company’s liability in respect of any:
Death or personal injury caused by [NAME’S] negligence;
Fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of [NAME]; or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for [NAME] to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or
limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Lindstrom Company has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Lindstrom Company’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Lindstrom Company’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Lindstrom Company.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Close Search
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.