https://www.wellsfargo.com/help/
Skip to content
Banking and Credit Cards
Loans and Credit
Investing and Retirement
Wealth Management
Rewards and Benefits
Banking
Accounts and Services
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts and CDs
Debit Cards
Credit Cards
Foreign Exchange
Global Remittance Services
Online Banking
Transfer and Pay
Mobile Features
Control Tower®
ATM Banking
Your Financial Goals
Tax Center
Banking Made Easy
Planning for Retirement
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Routing Number
Overdraft Services
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Open a Checking Account
Apply for an Account or Service
Loans and Credit
Accounts and Services
Mortgage Loans
Home Equity Lines
Personal Loans
Student Loans
Auto Loans
Credit Cards
Your Financial Goals
Going to College
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Mortgage Rates
Home Equity Rates
Get Help with Payment Challenges
Finish Application/Check Status
Student Loan Discounts
Investing and Retirement
Our Investing Services
Overview
Self-Directed Investing
Automated Investing
Dedicated Financial Advisor
Compare Ways to Invest
Investing Solutions
IRAs
Invest in Mutual Funds
Rollovers (401k and IRA)
Investing for Education
Your Financial Goals
Strategy and Research
Planning for Retirement
Income in Retirement
Investing Basics
Popular Links
Contact a Financial Advisor
Open an IRA
Open a WellsTrade® Account
Open an Intuitive Investor® Account
My Retirement Plan
Employer Plan 401(k) Sign On
Wealth Management
Wealth Services
The Private Bank
Wells Fargo Advisors
Abbot Downing
All Wealth Management Services
Wealth Solutions
Wealth Planning
Private Banking
Investment and Asset Management
Fiduciary and Trust Services
Wealth Advice & Guidance
Strategy and Research
Wealth Management Insights
Conversations
Magazine
Next Step
Contact The Private Bank
Contact Wells Fargo Advisors
Contact Abbot Downing
Rewards and Benefits
Go Far® Rewards
Explore Rewards
Earn Rewards
Use Rewards
Share Rewards
Relationship Program
Customer Relationship Overview
Your Financial Goals
Banking Made Easy
Borrowing and Credit
Security Center
Popular Links
Sign On to Go Far Rewards
Go Far Rewards FAQs
Credit Cards
Navegó a una página que no está disponible en español en este momento. Seleccione el enlace si desea ver otro contenido en español.
Página principal
Comienzo de ventana emergente
Esta página solo está disponible en inglés
Selecione Cancele para permanecer en esta página o Continúe para ver nuestra página principal en español.
Cancele Continúe
Fin de ventana emergente
PersonalCustomer Service
Customer Service
Print
Alert
Due to coronavirus concerns, there may be higher call volume and longer wait times in our Call Center. We apologize for any inconvenience. See how you can stay vigilant and quickly access online and mobile banking features. Learn more
Top questions
How do I create a new password or find my username?
It happens, sometimes you have to change your password or need help finding your username. You can do both at Forgot Password/Username.
How do I stop payment on a check?
You can request a stop payment through Wells Fargo Online®, by phone or by visiting your local branch and speaking with a banker.
Simply sign on to Wells Fargo Online and access Manage Accounts through the Account tab.
To place stop payments for a check  via phone please call 1-800-TO-WELLS (1-800-869-3557). Please have the following information available when speaking to a banker: the Name of Payee, Account Number, Paper item number or range of paper item numbers, Paper item date and Amount of item.
More information about stop payments
The stop payment will remain in effect for six months. To remove a stop payment, please call 1-800-TO-WELLS (1-800-869-3557) or visit a local branch.
There is a stop payment fee. For fee information for your account, please refer to your Consumer Account Fee and Information Schedule or call us at 1-800-TO-WELLS (1-800-869-3557).
There is no fee for placing stop payments on lost or stolen blank checks.
Placing a stop payment order does not release you from any contractual agreements. You may still be held to the terms of the agreement.
Is there a fee for Zelle®?
Currently, Wells Fargo does not charge a fee for this service. However, when using Zelle on a mobile device, your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply.
How do I find my routing and account numbers?
We can help you find both at Routing Numbers and Account Numbers.
How do I report suspected fraud?
You can find phone numbers (including TDD/TTY) to report fraud at How to Report Fraud.
Customer Service support topics
Checking & Savings
Online Banking
Mobile Features
Investing & Retirement
Credit Cards
Home Lending
Loans & Lines of Credit
Security & Fraud
Privacy Center
Your privacy matters. Visit the Privacy Center for more information about making a personal data request.
Visit the Privacy Center
Find a Location
Find an ATM or banking location near you.
Find a Location
Make An Appointment
Contact Us
Find phone numbers, mailing addresses, and other ways to contact Wells Fargo.
Contact Us
Social Care
Contact us through Social Care. Support 7 days a week.
Twitter‡
Facebook‡
Deaf or Hard of Hearing Customers
We accept all relay calls, including 711.
Enrollment with Zelle through Wells Fargo Online® or Wells Fargo Business Online® is required. Terms and conditions apply. Transactions typically occur in minutes when the recipient’s email address or U.S. mobile number is already enrolled with Zelle. Available to almost anyone with a U.S.-based bank account. For your protection, Zelle should only be used for sending money to friends, family, or others you trust. The Request feature within Zelle is only available through Wells Fargo using a smartphone, and may not be available for use with all small business accounts at this time. In order to send payment requests to a U.S. mobile number, the mobile number must already be enrolled with Zelle. Neither Wells Fargo nor Zelle offers a protection program for authorized payments made with Zelle. To send money to or receive money from an eligible small business, a consumer must be enrolled with Zelle through their financial institution. Small businesses are not able to enroll in the Zelle app, and cannot receive payments from consumers enrolled in the Zelle app. For more information, view the Zelle Transfer Service Addendum to the Wells Fargo Online Access Agreement. Your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply.
Zelle and the Zelle related marks are wholly owned by Early Warning Services, LLC and are used herein under license.
Deposit products offered by Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. Member FDIC.
‡ Wells Fargo has provided this link for your convenience but does not control or endorse the website and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of the website.
LRC-0420