http://www.stethoscope.com/terms-and-conditions/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
3M Littmann Authorized Dealer
Always Super Fast Shipping
Toggle menu
(800) 238-2448
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
Reset Search
×
Main Menu
3M Littmann Stethoscopes
All Stethoscope Brands
Other Medical Products
Deal of the Day
Stethoscope Engraving
Blog
Shop By Category
Festival of Scopes
Shiny Holiday Favorites
Littmann Black Editions
COVID -19
Littmann Limited Edition Heart Stethoscopes
Disposable Stethoscopes
Thermometers
Pulse Oximeters
Newest Littmann Styles
3M Littmann Stethoscopes
All 3M Littmann Stethoscopes
3M Littmann Electronic Stethoscopes
3M Littmann Master Cardiology
3M Littmann Cardiology IV
3M Littmann Classic III
3M Littmann Master Classic II
3M Littmann Brilliant Finishes
3M Littmann Classic II Pediatric
3M Littmann Classic II Infant
3M Littmann Lightweight II S.E.
3M Littmann Select
3M Littmann Teaching Stethoscopes
3M Littmann Veterinary
Electronic Stethoscopes
All Electronic Stethoscopes
3M Littmann Electronic Stethoscopes
American Diagnosics Corp. Electronic Stethoscopes
Cardionics Electronic Stethoscopes
Eko Electronic Stethoscopes
All Stethoscope Brands
All All Stethoscope Brands
3M Littmann Stethoscopes
American Diagnostics Corp. Stethoscopes
New ADC Colors
Welch Allyn Stethoscopes
Heine Stethoscopes
Eko Stethoscopes
WA Baum Stethoscopes
Cardionics Stethoscopes
Nurse Stethoscopes
Doctor Stethoscopes
Spare Parts
All Spare Parts
Littmann Parts Finder
3M Littmann Spare Parts
Welch Allyn Spare Parts
Heine Spare Parts
Other Medical Products
All Other Medical Products
Flashlights
Back to School
Deal of the Day
Graduation Gifts
Cleaning Products
Sante Stethoscope Covers
Summer Sale
Accessories
Heine Accessories
PediaPals Accessories
3M Littmann Accessories
American Diagnostics Corp. Accessories
Welch Allyn Accessories
Cardionics Accessories
MDF Instruments Accessories
Praveni Accessories
Blood Pressure Monitors
ADC Blood Pressure Monitors
Heine Blood Pressure Monitors
PediaPals Blood Pressure Monitors
WA Baum Blood Pressure Monitors
Welch Allyn Blood Pressure Monitors
Breast Cancer Awareness
Diagnostic Sets
Welch Allyn Diagnostic Sets
Heine Diagnostic Sets
American Diagnostics Corp. Diagnostic Sets
Education
Heine Loupes and Headlights
Ophthalmoscopes
Welch Allyn Ophthalmoscopes
Heine Ophthalmoscopes
American Diagnostics Corp. Ophthalmoscopes
Otoscopes
American Diagnostics Corp. Otoscopes
Heine Otoscopes
Pediatric Care
Reflex Hammers
MDF Instruments Reflex Hammers
American Diagnostic Corp. Reflex Hammers
PediaPals Reflex Hammers
Tuning Forks
Pre-Black Friday Sale
Holiday Reflections
Black Friday Deals
Holiday Brass
Littmann Upgrade
Shop By Brand
American Diagnostic Corp
Littmann
Welch Allyn
Heine
Cardionics
Maglite
WA Baum
Eko
Fenix
PediaPals
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsPLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Stethoscope.com LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Stethoscope.com LLC. Copyright 2018, Stethoscope.com LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Stethoscope.com LLC LLC or purchasing Stethoscope.com LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Stethoscope.com LLC or to purchase Stethoscope.com LLC products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Stethoscope.com LLC. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Stethsoscope.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Stethoscope.com LLC.
Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Stethoscope.com LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Stethoscope.com LLC does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Stethoscope.com LLC does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of LiabilityStethoscope.com LLC shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Stethoscope.com LLC has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Stethoscope.com LLC product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Stethoscope.com LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Stethoscope.com LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Stethoscope.com LLC shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Stethoscope.com LLC without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
NoticeStethoscope.com LLC may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Stethoscope.com LLC.
MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Stethoscope.com LLC products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Middlesex County, Massachusetts. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Stethoscope.com LLC products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Stethoscope.com LLC's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Stethoscope.com LLC may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Stethoscope.com LLC or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation DisclaimerStethoscope.com LLC does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Stethoscope.com LLC is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Stethoscope.com LLC reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Stethoscope.com LLC in its sole discretion.
IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Stethoscope.com LLC, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Stethoscope.com LLC may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Stethoscope.com LLC, Stethoscope.com LLC has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Stethoscope.com LLC. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Stethoscope.com LLC seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
×