http://www.koops.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyKoops Automation SystemsPrivacy PolicyKoops, Inc. respects and is committed to your privacy. This Privacy Policy will help you understand our online information practices and how we handle information we receive about you from the Internet.What information do we collect online?While you can browse our website without revealing personal information about yourself, we are able to determine your IP address. Your IP address helps us measure the use of our website and improve its content.How do we use this information?When you submit contact information (such as name, address, email address) for our website’s registration and contact forms, we use this information to send requested information about our company and services or to contact you for other necessary purposes.Your information may also be used for marketing purposes such as market research, although we will never give or sell this information to another company for its use in marketing or solicitation.If you have provided your personal information and do not wish to receive future communications from Koops, Inc., contact us at the address provided below.Other Important InformationCookiesWe will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features based on the DoubleClick cookie unless you have robust notice of, and the user’s prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger.Third Party LinksKoops.com may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for and do not endorse the content or privacy policies of such websites. By using this website you agree to the terms of the Koops.com Privacy Policy.Changes To Our Privacy PolicyWe reserve the right to modify our privacy policy as business needs require. Any changes will be posted on this website.If you have questions about our privacy policy, website practices, or your dealings with our website, please contact:WebmasterKoops, Inc.987 Productions CourtHolland, MI 49423Copyright NoticeThis website is provided to you by Koops, Inc.. Access to and use of this website and its services are subject to the following terms and conditions as set forth in this notice. By accessing, using or downloading materials from the website, you agree to be legally bound by these terms and conditions without any modification. Please review them carefully. If you do not agree to the terms, do not use this website.This copyright notice must appear on every copy of the publication or any portion thereof.Copyright and TrademarksCopyright © 2020 Koops, Inc.987 Productions Court, Holland, MI 49423ReservedKoops, Inc. hereby grants to any person the right to reproduce and distribute copies of this work subject to the following conditions:The information found on this website is constantly being updated. Visitors are responsible for regularly checking the website to keep up with changes. The publication is to be used for informational purposes only and may not be sold or distributed for commercial gain.Except as noted above, no right or license is granted under any copyright, patent, or trademark of Koops, Inc. to any other party.Information contained in this publication is provided free of charge. Koops, Inc. makes no warranties, express or implied, and assumes no liability in connection with any use of this information.Electronic Information Submitted to this WebsiteAny communication or material other than your personal information submitted to this website by electronic mail is considered to be non-confidential and non-proprietary, and is the exclusive property of Koops, Inc.. Such communication may include without limitation questions, comments, suggestions and ideas. Koops, Inc. is free to use this information for any purpose whatsoever without restriction or compensation.DisclaimerThe information in this website is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, the implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Koops, Inc. shall not be responsible for any errors, omissions, or technical inaccuracies in this website.Request A Quote
chevron-rightico_right-arr-kp