https://www.anobit.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Outdoors
Gadgets & Accessories
Gaming
Miscellaneous
Blog
Sign in
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
Search
AnoBIT – Best of the latest tech
Home
What Are The Uses Of A Wireless Weather Station?
Top 5 Best Electric Ranges of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Electric Fireplaces of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Home Pizza Ovens of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Wireless Weather Stations of 2020 – Reviews
Outdoors
Top 10 Best Windproof Lighters of 2020 – Reviews
Top 8 Best Electric Motorcycles for Kids in 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Electric Cars For Kids of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Pocket Flashlights of 2020 – Reviews
Gadgets & Accessories
Most Fun GoPro Accessories
What Is A Laser Keyboard? (And Do I Need One?)
Reasons To Buy Your Kid A Smartwatch
Top 10 Best Modern Pocket Watches of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best iPad External Storage of 2020 – Reviews
Gaming
Top 10 Best Xbox One Headsets of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best SSD for Gaming in 2020
Top 10 Best 1080p Gaming Monitors of 2020
Top 10 Best PS4 Gaming Headsets of 2020 – Reviews
Top 5 Best FPS Gaming Mice of 2020
Miscellaneous
Top 10 Best Robot Dogs of 2020 – Reviews
Top 9 Best Motion Sensor Light Bulbs of 2020 – Reviews
Top 8 Best Remote Control Cars for Kids in 2020 –…
Top 9 Best Digital Tire Pressure Gauge of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Rechargeable AA Batteries of 2020 – Reviews
Blog
How To Speed Up An iPhones Charge Time
Tackling WiFi Speeds And Connection Issues
Will Passwords Be A Thing Of The Past? (And the Pros…
What Are The New WatchOS 7 Features?
What Are Zoom’s Security Issues? And Is It Safe?
Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password? Get help
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
A password will be e-mailed to you.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: July 15, 2019
We want to protect your privacy. In order to operate our website, we may gather Personally Identifiable Information (the “PII”) about you. PII, as described in privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII and how you can get in contact should you have any concerns.
What PII do we collect from people that visit our website?
When using our website, you may be asked to enter your name and email address. Entering your details on our website is not mandatory in order for our website to function properly, however.
When do we collect PII?
We collect PII from you when you fill out a form, leave a comment or review.
How do we use your PII?
We may use your PII in the following ways:
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other website feature.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To follow up with you after correspondence
How do we protect your PII?
You PII is being held encrypted in our database using the latest encryption standards that guarantee the highest level of security. We also use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards in order to prevent any unauthorized access to your PII.
To further protect your PII any submission of names and email addresses are optional and not needed in order for our website to function without diminished experience.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow it to) that enables the website’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and to help us compile aggregate data about website traffic and website interaction so that we can offer better website experience in the future.
Third-party cookies & opting-out:
We may use third-party vendors, to serve ads on our website.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to our website or other websites. Google’s use of the cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on previous visits to our website and other websites on the Internet. You may opt-out of the use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
we may, along with third-party vendors such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions related to our website.
Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice page
You can also choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won’t affect your experience on our website, however.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your PII unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party websites have separate and independent privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting PII from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. See more here.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our website anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. My privacy policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any privacy policy changes on this privacy policy page. You can change your personal information by logging in to your account.
How does our website handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not browser mechanism is in place.
Does our website allow third-party behavioral tracking?
Yes. We allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy laws and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will notify you via email and/or via in-site notification within 1 business day should a data breach occur.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or website headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
Contacting
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please use the contact page.
More Reviews
Top 10 Best Bluetooth Earbuds of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Bluetooth Headphones of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Headphone Splitters of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best MacBook Pro Cases of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Wireless Headphones Under 100 of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best 1080p Gaming Monitors of 2020
Gaming Earbuds Vs Gaming Headset
Reasons To Buy Your Kid A Smartwatch
Are Headphones For Sleeping Safe? (And Are There Any Benefits?)
Camping Gadgets To Add To The Adventure
Top 10 Best 1440p Gaming Monitors of 2020
What Are Zoom’s Security Issues? And Is It Safe?
Top 10 Best Wireless Headphones of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Pocket Flashlights of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Cheap Headphones of 2020 – Reviews
Top 9 Best Workout Headphones of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Polaroid Instant Cameras of 2020 – Reviews
Top 10 Best Gaming Mousepads of 2020 – Reviews
Why Home-made Pizza Is Better Than Takeout
ABOUT USAnoBit is an online technology magazine, specializing in delivering professional product reviews & guides of the coolest electronics devices, gadgets and accessories available on the market today.
FOLLOW US
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Scholarship
Amazon Affiliate Disclosure
© 2017-2020, AnoBit Media LLC. All rights reserved.