https://www.xtgolf.com/cookie-policy.html
Skip to main content
T. 01279 467500
Globe Leisure Products
HOME
PROFILE
XT RENTAL CART
XT RENTAL CART - NEW CART ENQUIRY
ADVERTISING BOARD
HIRE CART DIVISION
XT SPARES
OTHER PRODUCTS
EVA NOBBLE WINTER WHEELS
HEDGEHOG WINTER WHEELS OR SLEEVE
NEAREST THE PIN MARKER-LONGEST DRIVE
XT RENTAL POWER CART
XT MERLIN
FISHING TROLLEYS
DISTRIBUTORS
DOWNLOADS
CONTACT
Cookies In Use on This Site
Cookies and how they Benefit You
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites. You can find out more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
MORE ABOUT OUR COOKIES
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
PHPSESSID - a session cookie which expires after leaving the
site.
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Our site includes the following which use cookies:
Google Maps - we embed mapa from Google which may place one or more cookies on your computer once you visit a page on our website with the embedded map. We have no control over those cookies, but you can find out about Google's privacy policy and approach to cookies at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Third Party Sites
Please note that our website includes links to third-party web sites such as Linkedin. When you follow a link from our website to another website, cookies may be set.  We have no control over cookies used by any such third party website.  Each of these sites will have their own privacy and cookie policies and we urge you to review these. We cannot take any responsibility for the contents or behaviour of third-party sites.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here). Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware". Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
The cookie information text on this site was derived from content provided by Attacat Internet Marketing http://www.attacat.co.uk/, a marketing agency based in Edinburgh. If you need similar information for your own website you can use their free cookie audit tool.
Copyright © 2020 Globe Leisure Products. All Rights Reserved.
Site Map.
Website Design by Activ Web Design
Home
Profile
XT Rental Cart
Advertising Board
Hire Cart Division
XT Spares
XT Rental Power Cart
Fishing Trolley
Distributors
Downloads
Contact
Cookie Policy
Your Privacy
Website Terms of Use
Globe Leisure Products22-25 Raynham Road Industrial EstateBishops Stortford, HertfordshireCM23 5PE
t. 00 44 (0) 1279 467500  f. 00 44 (0) 1279 504711
E. sales@xtgolf.com
The XT Rental Cart is sold with a two year guarantee
Copyright ©
Globe Leisure Products. All rights reserved. Site Map.
Website Design by Activ Web Design EssexPowered by Activ Net Marketing