http://www.ultrasonic-sciences.co.uk/privacy-policy/
USL Ultrasonic Sciences
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Products
Immersion Systems
Squirter Systems
Robotic Systems
In-line and other systems
Instrumentation
Upgrades
Software
Industry Areas
Aerospace
Engineering and Rail
Laboratory and R&D
Metals
News
About Us
Company History
Global Presence
USL Customers
Staff
Downloads
LinkedIn page
YouTube channel
Contact Us
USL Worldwide Agents
Location
Careers
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy matters a great deal at Ultrasonic Sciences. Any information you give us during any interactions, whether on-line, by telephone, or at our office, will only ever be used to improve our services and your experience with us.
Neither your physical nor email addresses will ever be sold or lent to another business.
Ultrasonic Sciences may, from time to time, via post or email, contact you with product or industry news, based on previous interactions you may have made, and which we feel may be in your field of interest.
If you have any further queries about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive. This allows us to aggregate user data and analyse how the site is being used by visitors in order to optimise and create the best possible customer experience.
Why we use cookies?
Compile statistical reports on website activity, e.g. number of visitors and the pages they visit. By gathering this information, we can ensure that the content we provide is easily accessible, relevant and interesting to visitors.
Temporarily store any information which you may enter in tools, such as calculators or demonstrations on our website. Information may need to be temporarily stored to deliver these types of services efficiently and is not used for any other means.
What do they not hold?
The cookies we use do not hold any personally identifiable data such as:
Names
Phone numbers
Email addresses
Mailing addresses
At any time you can change your web browser settings to reject or delete cookies that have already been saved on your computer. This can be done by using the 'Delete History' options found in the menu-bar within your web browser. However this may prevent some parts of the website from working correctly on your computer.
You can stop cookies from being deployed on your computer by configuring your browser not to accept them or opt-out. Please refer to your browser's 'help' facility.
If cookies are already on your system, you can delete them - for more information on cookies and deletion of cookies please visit: www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
In order to fully optimise our website, we use both Session/Essential cookies and persistent/non-essential Cookies.
Session cookies/essential cookies
A session cookie is stored in temporary memory and remains available for the duration of your active ‘session’ within the website only. All session cookies are deleted when you leave the site. This type of cookie can allow a web site to keep track of your movement from page to page during an active session.  This helps ensure that a web page does not ask for the same information many times. Session cookies/Essential cookies do not collect information about the user, but typically store data in the form of a unique identifier that does not personally identify you.
Persistent cookies/non-essential cookies
Authentication is a common example to remember your log-in details when re-visiting a website. Other website features made possible by persistent cookies include: language selection, theme selection, menu preferences, internal site bookmarks or favourites, among many others. On your first visit, the website is presented in default mode. During your visit, you select your preferences and these preferences are remembered, through the use of the persistent cookie, the next time you visit the site.
Web Analytics
Websites enabled with web analytics tags such as Google Analytics, allow us to measure the performance of the pages on the website. We only use trusted web analytics platforms that provide statistical insight into interaction and behaviours of website visitors.
These platforms work by dropping a cookie onto your computer on our behalf. The information gathered by the cookies will be transmitted to a secure server and fed into the analytics software. This software will provide us with information about website usage that reflects visitor behaviours and used to enhance our website experience.
Google's own privacy policy can be found here: www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/tos.html (see section 8 for policy related information).
Accepting or rejecting cookies – what you need to do
You can configure your internet browser to warn you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer so that you may make a decision whether to accept or reject it.
Please refer to your internet browser's help section for specific instructions.
Please note that some parts of our website may not function properly if you reject cookies.
FS610300Calibration of ultrasonic testing systems
© Ultrasonic Sciences 2020
Site Map
Accessibility
Website T&Cs
Privacy Policy