http://www.precisiondippings.co.uk/privacy-statement/
Home
Queen's Award
News
About us
Contact
Specialist manufacturer
and developer of rubber
dipped products worldwide
Toggle navigation
Medical
Marine
Industrial
Services
Materials
News
Queen's Award
Precision
Dippings
Manufacturing
Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION AND TERMS
Precision Dippings Manufacturing Limited (“We “or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your personal data and privacy. This privacy and cookie policy relates to our use of any personal data we collect from you from any of our services. Whenever you provide such information, we are legally obliged to use your information in line with all applicable laws concerning the protection of personal data; including the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and The General Data Protection Regulation 2016 (GDPR) together, and with other subsequent laws “Data Protection Laws”.
2. WHO WE ARE AND HOW TO CONTACT US
2.1 For the purpose of the Data Protection Laws, the data controller is Precision Dippings Manufacturing Limited, registered company number 01631071. If you want to request more information about our privacy policy or information regarding data protection you should contact us using the details provided below:
FAO: Privacy Officer
Precision Dippings Manufacturing Limited
Lawrence Drive
Stover Trading Estate
Yate
Bristol
BS37 5PG
Email: privacy@precisiondippings.co.uk
Telephone: +44 (0)1454 318004 and ask to speak to the Privacy Officer
3. YOUR RIGHTS
3.1 Under the Data Protection Laws your rights are:
3.1.1 To be informed – We must make available this privacy notice with the emphasis on transparency over how we process your data.
3.1.2 Access – You are entitled to find out what details we may hold about you and why.
3.1.3 Rectification – We are obliged to correct or update your details.
3.1.4 Erasure – This is also known as the request to be forgotten.
3.1.5 Restrict processing – You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress the processing by us of your personal data.
3.1.6 Data portability – You have the right to obtain and reuse your personal data that you have provided to us.
3.1.7 Object – You have the right to object to us processing your data in relation to direct marketing and or profiling.
3.1.8 Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling – We do not use automatic decision making or processing.
4. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
4.1 We process Personal data. Personal data we process may include name, address and email address. It also may include IP address and cookies (Website).
4.2 Our collection methods are:
4.2.1 Through our website
4.2.2 Through engagement of our services
4.2.3 By communications
4.2.4 Networking
4.2.5 Through engagement of service providers
5. HOW YOUR DATA WILL BE USED
5.1 We use information held about you to:
5.1.1 ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your devices;
5.1.2 provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes or by Legitimate Interests;
5.1.3 carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
5.1.4 allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so, e.g. asking a question through our website.
5.1.5 carry out necessary maintenance to our infrastructure; and
5.1.6 notify you about changes to our services
5.2 We also embrace the use of social media and may wish to process any comments made public by you.
6. LEGITIMATE INTEREST & MARKETING
6.1 Where we use Legitimate Interests we will record our decision and our method on making this decision. This can be requested by you at any time.
6.2 If you are an existing contact or customer we will only contact you by postal and electronic means (e-mail) with information about services or goods which you have previously purchased from us or enquired about. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by post or electronic means only if you have consented to this. You can choose to not receive these types of communication by contacting us.
7. THIRD PARTIES
7.1 We will keep your information within the ‘organisation’ except where disclosure is required or permitted by law or when we use third party service providers (data processors) to supply and support our services to you.  We have contracts in place with our data processors. This means that they cannot do anything with your personal data unless we have instructed them to do so. They will not share your personal data with any organisation apart from us. They will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
7.2 Please see below the list of services where we use third party data processors which sets out the categories of recipients of personal data.
SERVICE PROVIDED
IT Provider – Cloud Service – IT Support
Email Provider
Secure document disposal service
Internal HR systems provider
Storage Facility
Cleaning service (Offices)
Accountants
8. DATA RETENTION
Our data retention policy is dictated by the Data Protection Laws and is available for inspection by submitting a written request using the contact details provided in this policy.
9. DATA DELETION
Under Data Protection Laws you have the right to erasure under specific circumstances. A request for your personal data to be deleted will be decided on a case by case basis and must be submitted in writing to the contact details provided in this policy.
10. DATA CORRECTION
We will correct or update your data without delay provided you make the request in writing to the contact details provided in this policy, clearly specifying which data is incorrect or out of date.
11. DATA INSPECTION
11.1 We strive to be as open as we can be in terms of giving people access to their personal data. Individuals can find out if we hold any of their personal data by making a formal request under the Data Protection Laws. Such requests must be in writing to the contact details provided in this policy. If we do hold your personal data we will respond in writing within one calendar month of your request (where that request was submitted in accordance with this policy).
11.2 The information we supply will:
11.2.1 Confirm that your data is being processed;
11.2.2 Verify the lawfulness and the purpose of the processing;
11.2.3 Confirm the categories of personal data being processed;
11.2.4 Confirm the type of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, and
11.2.5 Let you have a copy of the data in an intelligible form.
11.3 Please note that you may need to provide identification in order to prove who you are to access your data.
11.4 If you agree, we will try to deal with your request informally, for example by providing you with the specific information you need over the telephone.
11.5 In the instance that we do not hold information about you we will also confirm this in writing at the earliest opportunity.
12. CHANGES
We keep our privacy notice under regular review and you should check back regularly to ensure you are aware of changes to it. We may display this notice to you from time to time to help ensure you are aware of its contents.
13. COMPLAINTS
You have the right to complain about the processing of your personal data. Please contact us using the details provided above. If you are still unsatisfied you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office
Contact Us
·
Sign up for Newsletter
·
Sitemap
·
Privacy Policy
·
Cookie Policy
·
Covid 19
Company
About Us
British Manufacturer
Awards
News
Services
Bespoke Manufacture
Product Development
Tooling
Automation
Quality
Pad Printing
Medical
Medical Products
Medical Services
Bloccs
Rubber Training Aids
Rubber Prosthetic Cones
Rubber Dental Dams
Marine
Marine Products
Marine Services
Dry Suit Seals
SureSeal
Product Catalogue
Industrial
Industrial Products
Industrial Services
RubberBladders
Rubber Liners
Rubber Seals
Rubber Overshoes
Materials
Natural Rubber Latex
Polychloroprene Rubber Latex
Nitrile Rubber Latex
Polyisoprene Rubber Latex
© 2020 Precision Dippings Manufacturing Ltd.
Precision Dippings Ltd.
Stover Trading Estate, Lawrence Dr, Yate, Bristol BS37 5PG
Telephone 01454 318004
Brand and Web Design by Brand Tonic Ltd. Web Build & Development by King Creation Ltd.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.