https://www.unitedsecuritybank.com/privacy-policy
Branch Hours Modified, Effective Friday, October 2, 2020
...response ability
1.888.683.6030
12/11/20
Search
Search
1.888.683.6030
12/11/20
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
Business
Personal
Investor Relations
About
Locations
Business
Business Checking Accounts
Business Checking Account
Business Analysis Account
Basic Business Checking Account
Business NOW Account
Money Market Account
Business Savings & CDs
Business Savings Account
Certificates of Deposit
Rate Increase CD
Variable Rate CD
Certificate of Deposit Registry Service
Rates
CDs
Money Market Account
Savings Accounts
Business NOW Account
Cash Management
ACH
Origination
Bill Pay
Loan Payments
Positive Pay
Remote Deposit Capture
Stop Payments
Transfer Funds
Wire Transfers
e-Statements
Business Loans
Commercial & Industrial Loans*
Real Estate Loans*
Agricultural Loans*
Personal
Personal Checking Accounts
NOW Checking Account
Money Market Account
Classic Checking Account
Basic Checking Account
Free Checking Account
Personal Checking Account
Savings Accounts
Personal Savings Account
Savings for Minors Account
Rates
CDs & IRAs
Money Market Account
Savings Accounts
Checking Accounts
Consumer Loans*
CDs & IRAs
Certificate of Deposit
Rate Increase CD
Variable Rate CD
Certificate of Deposit Registry Service
Individual Retirement Account
Safe Deposit Boxes
ATM/Visa Check Card
UChoose Rewards
Verified by Visa
ATM/Debit Card Safety
Lost or Stolen Card
Investor Relations
Corporate Information
Officers & Directors
Corporate Profile
Governance Documents
Committee Charting
Stock Information
Stock Quote
Historic Prices
Dividends
Financial Calculators
SEC Filings
Documents
Annual Reports
Insider Filings
Insider Ownership
Institutional Ownership
IR Site Map
Financials
Financial Highlights
Financial Statements
Financial Charting
Peer Analysis
News & Market Information
Press Releases
Event Calendar
Other Information
Information Request
Email Notification
RSS Feeds
FAQ
About Us
About Us
Mission Statement
Contact
Locations
Bakersfield
Campbell
Caruthers
Clovis
Coalinga
Coarsegold
Firebaugh
Fresno
Kerman
McFarland
Mendota
Oakhurst
San Joaquin
Taft
How to submit a California Consumer Privacy Act Rights Request:
Requests can be submitted by calling our toll free number 888.683.6030 or through our online contact form available at https://www.unitedsecuritybank.com/personal-information-rights-request.
Please note that these rights apply only to select California consumers and exclude job applicants, employees, and business contacts. Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
The verifiable consumer request must:
Include your full legal name and phone number, which we will need to contact you in order to verify that you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. One of our representatives will contact you in order to verify your identity upon receipt of your request.
FactsWHAT DOES UNITED SECURITY BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers
the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect,
share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we
do.
What?The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have
with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Account balances
Transaction history
Credit history
Account transactions
Checking account information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this
notice.
How?All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business.
In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal
information; the reasons United Security Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this
sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does United Security Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s), respond to court orders and legal
investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes -
to offer our products ...item->getUrl() ?>
Effective January 1, 2020
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) applies to customers, visitors, and others (“consumers” or “you”) of United Security Bank and its holding company, United Security Bancshares, (“we”, “USB” or “us”) and interact with the bank, the bank’s mobile applications, or website (collectively “Services”). It is important that you read this Policy together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing your Personal Information so that you understand how and why we are using your data. This Policy supplements those other notices and is not intended to override them.
This Policy describes:
Personal Information We Collect;
How We Collect Your Personal Information;
How Share Your Personal Information;
How We Use Your Personal Information;
How We Protect Your Information;
No Personal Information Sold;
California Privacy Rights;
Changes to this Policy; and
Questions, Concerns or More Information
Personal Information We Collect“Personal Information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to any individual or a household. It does not include anonymous or aggregated data that cannot be associated with an individual or household.
In the past 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Information about you, which we have grouped together as follows:
Identifiers, such as name, data of birth, and government-issued identifier (e.g., driver’s license, Social Security number);
Contact information, such as phone numbers, email address, postal address;
Financial information, such as financial history, information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies;
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal ...item->getUrl() ?>
Personal Information Rights Request Form
Please
complete the form below detailing your request. We will confirm our
receipt of your request and contact you within 10 days to
verify your identity before processing your request.
We
cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal
Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make
the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you.
We
endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within
forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time (up to
90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in
writing.
There is no fee for normal, reasonable requests;
however, we reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for requests
that are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive.
Please
note that these rights apply only to select California consumers and
exclude applicants, employees, and business contacts.
Only you,
or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that
you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer
request related to your Personal Information.
item->getUrl() ?>
Information
FDIC Insurance
Lost and Stolen Cards
Mortgage Challenges
Properties for Sale
Links
Education Center
Reorder Checks
Security Center
Services
Bill Pay
e-Statement Information
Mobile Banking
Online Banking Agreement