http://www.velsicol.com/privacy-policy
---
Privacy Policy
1 877-847-8351 Customer Service Toll Free
Login
HomeValue PropositionProducts--Benzoic Acid and Derivatives:--Velsiflex®Benzoic AcidSodium BenzoateFlame Retardants:--HexachlorocyclopentadieneChlorendic AnhydrideLocationsResponsible Care®HistoryContact UsNews / Info
1 877-847-8351 Customer Service Toll Free
HomeValue PropositionProductsBenzoic Acid and Derivatives:Velsiflex®Benzoic AcidSodium BenzoateFlame Retardants:HexachlorocyclopentadieneChlorendic AnhydrideLocationsResponsible Care®HistoryContact UsNews / Info
Velsicol Privacy Notice
LAST UPDATED: July 31, 2018
Velsicol Chemical LLC, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Company”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) recognize the importance of privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) highlights how we manage your personal information and safeguard your privacy. This Policy applies to the website www.velsicol.com and such other mobile applications, websites, domains and sub-domains and services, however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise, as well as mobile applications, interactive features and downloads that the Company owns, operates, and makes available through its websites and mobile applications (collectively, the “Sites”). This may include interactive features or materials and mobile applications that by their nature interact with the Sites and post this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only covers the Sites and does not cover any information otherwise collected by us.
Personal Data We Collect
We collect Personal Data (information that identifies or relates to an identifiable individual), which may include:
Name
Email address
Phone number
Company Affiliation
Any other information provided by you.
How We Collect Personal Data
You provide us with your Personal Data on the form available on the Sites or through non-Site interactions with Velsicol employees.
Uses of Personal Data
We use Personal Data to interact with you and potentially market products or services to you or your organization. This data may be used for the following business purposes including:
Provide services or fill order from you;
Provide notifications to you concerning the status of orders;
Provide marketing information to you concerning new products or services;
Complete registrations, and provide you with related customer service;
Send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies;
Answer frequently asked questions; and
Respond to your inquiries.
We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with our legal obligations. In addition, Velsicol and its partners have a legitimate interest in using the data as set forth herein.
We may also use your Personal Data to send marketing communications. We will engage in this activity with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest.
We may also use your Personal Data to accomplish our business purposes, such as for:
Data analysis, for example, to improve the efficiency of our services;
Audits, to verify that our internal processes function as intended and are compliant with legal, regulatory or contractual requirements;
Fraud and security monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent cyberattacks or attempts to commit identity theft;
Enhancing, improving, or modifying our current products and services;
Identifying usage trends, for example, understanding which parts of our services are of most interest to users; and
Operating and expanding our business activities, for example, understanding which parts of our services are of most interest to our users so we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests.
We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest.
Disclosure of Personal Data
We may disclose Personal Data to our third party service providers to facilitate services they provide to us. These services can include services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, and other services; and third party payment processors. When required by applicable law, we will enter into contractual agreements with such providers.
Other Uses and Disclosures
We may also use and disclose Personal Data as necessary or appropriate, including:
To comply with applicable law including treaties or agreements with or between foreign or domestic governments (including in relation to tax reporting laws), which may include laws outside the country you are located in;
To respond to requests from public and government authorities, which may include authorities outside your country;
To cooperate with law enforcement, governmental, regulatory, or other similar agencies or authorities to which we or our affiliates are subject or submit;
To courts, litigation counterparties and others, pursuant to subpoena or other court order or process or otherwise as reasonably necessary, including in the context of litigation, arbitration and similar proceedings to enforce our terms and conditions, and as reasonably necessary to prepare for or conduct any litigation, arbitration and/or similar proceedings; and
To enforce our terms and conditions and protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others.
In addition, we may use, disclose or transfer Personal Data to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Such third parties may include, for example, an acquiring entity and its advisors.
Sensitive Data
We do not collect medical or health data. The Sites are intended for a general audience aged thirteen (13) years and older. If you are under the age of 13, you are prohibited from using the Sites. Please ask your parent or guardian to visit the Sites with you with using their computer account and with them present.
Other Information
“Other Information” is any information that does not reveal a person’s specific identity or does not directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as:
Browser and device information;
App usage data;
Information collected through Cookies, pixel tags and other technologies;
Demographic information and other information provided by you that does not reveal a person’s specific identity;
Information that has been aggregated in a manner that it no longer reveals a person’s specific identity; and
Survey responses and similar information which reveals views and preferences, but which does not reveal a person’s specific identity.
If we are required to treat Other Information as Personal Data under applicable law, then we may use and disclose it for the purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Data as detailed in this Privacy Notice.
Collection of Other Information
We and our service providers may collect Other Information in a variety of ways, including:
Through a browser or device: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through devices, such as a Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Mac), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Services (such as the App) being used. We use this information to ensure that the Services function properly;
Using Cookies: Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer being used (“Cookies”). Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on the Services, pages visited, language preferences, and other anonymous traffic data. We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to personalize the user’s experience. We also gather statistical information about use of the Services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions regarding them. We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals;
Most browsers allow individuals to automatically decline Cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular Cookie (or Cookies) from a particular website. Please refer here for more information. Declining Cookies may cause certain parts of the Services to cease working;
Using pixel tags and other similar technologies: Pixel tags (also known as web beacons, action tags, single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs and 1-by-1 GIFs) may be used to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Services and response rates; and
Analytics: We may use Google Analytics, which uses Cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the Services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices here. We may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel. You can also go to the Global Storage Settings Panel and follow the instructions (which may explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs (referred to as “information”), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications.
Uses and Disclosures of Other Information
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Data. If we do, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data as long as it is combined.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect Personal Data within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
Retention Period
We will retain Personal Data for as long as it is needed or permitted in light of the purposes for which it was obtained. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: (i) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Jurisdiction and Cross-Border Transfer
Personal Data may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, including the United States, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies or regulatory agencies in those countries may be entitled to access Personal Data.
Additional Information Regarding the EEA
Some of the non-EEA countries are recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection according to EEA standards (the full list of these countries is available here). For transfers from the EEA to countries not considered adequate by the European Commission, we have put in place adequate measures, such as the standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission to protect your Personal Data. You may obtain a copy of these measures by following this link.
How You Can Access, Change or Suppress your Personal Data
If you would like to request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete persona data that you have previously provided to us, object to the processing of Personal Data, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Data for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right of portability is provided to you by applicable law), you may contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section below. We will respond consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please make clear what Personal Data you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have the Personal Data suppressed from our database or otherwise let us know which of the above limitations you would like to put on our use of the Personal Data. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. If possible, we will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion.
Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of the Privacy Notice indicates when it was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Notice. Continued use of the Website signifies acceptance of the revised Privacy Notice.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Notice, please e-mail us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include any sensitive information in your emails to us.
Additional Information for the European Economic Area (EEA)
Please see our GDPR FAQ.
Contact Us
Sending...
Thank you for your message!
We will get in contact with you as soon as possible, generally within 24 hours.
Send Another Inquiry
Error occured
Retry
Server Error occured
Retry
NameCompanyPhoneEmailMessage
Send
Velsicol Chemical LLC
10400 W. Higgins Road Rosemont, IL 60018
877 847 8351
847 813 7999
1199 Warford Memphis, TN 38108
Velsicol Chemical Ireland Ltd.
CharterHouse, 5 Pembroke Row, Dublin, Ireland
Yingbin Road
Chemical Industrial Development Zone
Huangang City (Wuhan) Hubei Province,China
HomeValue PropositionProductsLocationsHistoryContact UsNews / InfoLogin
© 2020 Velsicol Chemical LLC. All rights reserved.
| Privacy Policy | GDPR FAQ
Designed by Angle180
Request more information
Sending...
Thank you for your inquiry! We will get back to you shortly.
Send Another Inquiry
Error occured
Retry
Server Error occured
Retry
Name*Phone number*Email*Country*Please let us know how we can help you*
Send
Request a call
Sending...
Thank you for your interest in our products.
We will call you shortly.
Send Another Inquiry
Error occured
Retry
Server Error occured
Retry
Name*Phone number*Email*Country*
Send