https://www.alphabetsigns.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Menu
Login
Letter Boards
Bulletin Boards
Indoor Office Bulletin Boards Outdoor Bulletin Boards Wood Frame Bulletin Boards Sliding Glass Bulletin Boards Menu Display
Directory Letter Boards
Indoor Directory Letter Board Outdoor Directory Letter Boards Wood Framed Letter Board Open Face Letter Board Letter Board Replacement Panels
Sign Letters
Building Letters Changeable Letters Plastic Letters Metal Letters Vinyl Letters
Marquee Signs
Economy Marquee Signs Portable Marquee Signs Metal Letters Marquee Signs Outdoor Message Centers
Sidewalk Signs
Magic Master Signs A-Frame Signs Signicade Signs Windmaster Signs Kits & Parts
Parking Signs
Custom Parking Signs Handicap Parking Signs No Parking Signs Parking Lot Signs Parking Control Signs No Truck Parking Signs
Traffic Signs
Regulatory Traffic Signs Warning Traffic Signs School Traffic Signs Road Construction Signs Guide Traffic Signs Reflective House Number Signs
Stencils
Handicap Parking Stencils Number Stencils Letter Stencils Interlocking Stencils Parking Lot Templates Arrow Stencils Custom Stencils
Sign Frames & Stands
Sign Frame Stands Poster Sign Frames Banner Stands Hanging Sign Frames Easels
Custom Signs
Banners Flags Yard Signs
Home My Account Create Account Order Status Track Orders
Phone Support 800-582-6366
Login
Home My Account Create Account Order Status Track Orders
View Cart
Skip to main content
Letter Boards
Indoor Office Bulletin Boards Outdoor Bulletin Boards Open Face Letter Board Indoor Directory Letter Board Outdoor Directory Letter Boards Letter Board Replacement Panels
Sign Letters
Building Letters Changeable Letters Acrylic Letters Metal Letters Bronze Memorial Plaques Pronto Marquee Letters Portable Sign Letters Letter Board Letters
Marquee Signs
Economy Marquee Signs Portable Marquee Signs Metal Letters Marquee Signs Outdoor Message Centers
Sidewalk Signs
Magic Master Signs A-Frame Signs Signicade Signs Windmaster Signs Letter Kits & Parts
Parking Signs
Custom Parking Signs Handicap Parking Signs No Parking Signs Parking Lot Signs Parking Control Signs No Truck Parking Signs
Traffic Signs
Regulatory Traffic Signs Warning Traffic Signs Road Construction Signs 911 House Number Signs Safety Signs
Vinyl Letters
Vinyl Boat Letters US DOT Numbers Truck Door Decals Store Hours Vinyl Decal Reflective Mailbox Numbers
Stencils
Handicap Parking Stencils Number Stencils Letter Stencils Parking Lot Templates Arrow Stencils Custom Stencils
Custom Signs
Banners Custom Decals Custom Poster & Signs Yard Signs
Sign Frames
Sign Frame Stands Rigid Graphic Stands Poster Sign Frames Banner Stands Snap Frames
Main content follows
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Alphabet Signs, home of the web's best sign products, operated by Alphabet Signs, Inc. (hereafter sometimes referred to as "Alphabet Signs," "us," or "our"). By using the Alphabet Signs Website (the "Website") you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use (this "Agreement"), whether or not you purchase a product ("customer") or view this web site ("user"). If you wish to become customer please read these Terms of Use. If you object to anything in this Agreement or the Alphabet Signs Privacy Policy, do not use the Website. This Agreement is subject to change by Alphabet Signs at any time, effective upon posting on the Website, and your use of the Web Site after such posting will constitute acceptance by you of such changes. These terms of service govern the relationship between you and Alphabet Signs. Electronic Agreement. This Agreement is an electronic contract that sets out the legally binding terms of your use of the Website and your relationship to Alphabet Signs. This Agreement may be modified by Alphabet Signs from time to time, such modifications to be effective upon posting by Alphabet Signs on the Website. This Agreement includes Alphabet Signs Community Blog, Alphabet Signs Privacy Policy and any notices regarding the Website. By accessing the Website you accept this Agreement and agree to the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein. Electronic Form. By accessing the Website, you consent to have this Agreement provided to you in electronic form. In order to access and retain this electronic Agreement, you must have access to the World Wide Web, either directly or through devices that access web-based content, and pay any service fees associated with such access. In addition, you must have all the equipment necessary to make such connection to the World Wide Web, including a computer and modem or other access device. Please print a copy of this document for your records. To retain an electronic copy of this Agreement, you may save it to into any word processing program. You have a right to a paper copy of this Agreement. If you would like a paper copy, please email info@alphabetsigns.com. If you request a paper copy of the Agreement, your account will be suspended until you return a signed copy of the paper agreement to Alphabet Signs. Proprietary Rights. Alphabet Signs owns and retains all proprietary rights in the Website and any programming applications. The Website contains the copyrighted material, trademarks, and other proprietary information of Alphabet Signs, and its licensors. Except for that information which is in the public domain or for which you have been given written permission, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, or sell any such proprietary information. You may not post, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. No Resale or Redistribution of Service. Except as expressly authorized by Alphabet Signs, you agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell, modify, create derivative works, or exploit for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Website or use of the Service. Notices. Notices must be sent to
Alphabet Signs, Inc. Daniel Keane 91 Newport Rd, Suite 102 Gap PA 17527 P: 800-582-6366
E: info@alphabetsigns.com.
Privacy. Please see our complete Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into this Agreement. Further, you acknowledge, consent and agree that Alphabet Signs may access, preserve and disclose your account information and content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
(a) comply with legal process (b) enforce this Agreement (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties (d) respond to your requests for customer service (e) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Alphabet Signs, its users and the public.
Account Access. You must provide your legal full name, a valid email address, and any other information requested in order to complete the order process. You must provide a valid email address to become a customer. Your login may only be used by one person - a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and password. Alphabet Signs cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation. Age Requirements. This website's content is intended for users over the age of eighteen and we will not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under age 13 who you believe has submitted personal information to this site, please contact us at info@alphabetsigns.com immediately. You must be at least eighteen (18) years of age to purchase from Alphabet Signs. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to abide by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Blocking of IP Addresses. In order to protect the integrity of the Website, Alphabet Signs reserves the right at any time in its sole discretion to block certain IP addresses from accessing the Website. Charges on your Billing Account.
General. You agree to pay Alphabet Signs the charges specified in the order invoice. Payment Method.A valid credit card is required to order products. Alphabet Signs bills you through a secure online account (your "Billing Account") for products. We have an SSL certificate that prohibits your sensitive credit card information from being intercepted. Your complete billing information is not stored on Alphabet Signs servers. For your protection, our secure payment gateway partner stores your complete billing information. You agree to pay Alphabet Signs for all charges at the prices then in effect for any product ordered by you or other persons (including your agents) using your Billing Account, and you authorize Alphabet Signs to charge your chosen credit card (your "Payment Method") for the products ordered. You agree to make payment using that selected Payment Method. Alphabet Signs reserves the right to correct any errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment. If Alphabet Signs does not receive payment from your Payment Method, you agree to pay all amounts due on your Billing Account on demand. Current Information Required.YOU MUST PROVIDE CURRENT, COMPLETE AND ACCURATE INFORMATION FOR YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT. YOU MUST PROMPTLY UPDATE ALL INFORMATION TO KEEP YOUR BILLING ACCOUNT CURRENT, COMPLETE AND ACCURATE (SUCH AS A CHANGE IN BILLING ADDRESS, AND YOU MUST PROMPTLY NOTIFY ALPHABET SIGNS IF YOU BECOME AWARE OF A POTENTIAL BREACH OF SECURITY, SUCH AS UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE OR USE OF YOUR USER NAME OR PASSWORD. CHANGES TO SUCH INFORMATION CAN BE MADE FOLLOWING THE "MY ACCOUNT" LINK ON OUR "MY ACCOUNT" PAGE (YOU MUST BE LOGGED IN TO VIEW THIS PAGE). Refunds.Alphabet Signs will provide refunds for returned merchandise in accordance to the return policy specific to each product. Custom products and special ordered products are not returnable and no refund will be issued. Freight items are shipped FOB:Origin and the carrier is responsible for damages. A refund will be issued for returned merchandise less a restocking fee to the credit card used for the purchase. If your credit card is no longer valid, then a credit will be issued to you electronically through PayPal. Collection. Customers will pay on all amounts past due, that have not been disputed specifically in writing and in reasonable good faith, an interest charge of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month computed from the due date of each payment, or the maximum rate permitted by law. Member will be liable for attorneys' fees and collection costs arising from Alphabet Signs efforts to collect unpaid balances. Reaffirmation of Authorization.Your use of the Website reaffirms that Alphabet Signs is authorized to charge your Payment Method. Alphabet Signs may submit those charges for payment and you will be responsible for such charges. This does not waive Alphabet Signs right to seek payment directly from you. Your charges may be payable in advance, in arrears, or per usage. Coupons and Promotions.Any coupon and promotion that provides discounts must be used at the time of order entry and within the specified expiration time of the coupon and promotion.
Modifications to Website. Alphabet Signs reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Website service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Alphabet Signs shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Website or service. Reliance on Content, Advice, Etc. Any advice that may be posted on the Website is for informational and entertainment purposes only and is not intended to replace or substitute for any professional, financial, legal, or other advice. If you have specific concerns or a situation arises in which you require professional advice, you should consult with an appropriately trained and qualified specialist. Alphabet Signs does not: (i) guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any information on the Website, or (ii) adopt, endorse or accept responsibility for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by any party that appears on the Website. Under no circumstances will Alphabet Signs or its affiliates be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from your reliance on information or other content posted on the Website or transmitted to or by any third party. Disclaimers of Warranties. The Website and the Service are provided "AS-IS" and on an "AS-AVAILABLE" basis. Alphabet Signs expressly disclaims any warranty of fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. Alphabet Signs cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from the use of the Website and/or Service. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Website content and Services, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any content created by Alphabet Signs or submitted to Alphabet Signs. Alphabet Signs cannot and does not guarantee compatibility with other systems and hardware. Limitation on Liability. Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will Alphabet Signs be liable to you or any third person for any direct, indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data or other intangible losses (even if Alphabet Signs has been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from: (i) the use or the inability to use the website or products; (ii) the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services resulting from your inability to access or obtain any goods, data, information or services through or from the Website; (iii) unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data; (iv) statements or conduct of any third party on the Website; or (v) any content posted on the Website; or (vi) any inaccurate or out-of-date content produced by the Website; or (vii) any other matter relating to the Website. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, Alphabet Signs liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you for the product to Alphabet Signs in the twelve (12) months prior to the claimed injury or damage. The foregoing limitations will apply even if any warranty or remedy under this Agreement fails of its essential purpose.
Disclaimers and Limitations. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations and disclaimers of warranties may not apply to you. Indemnity by You. You agree to indemnify and hold Alphabet Signs, its affiliates, officers, agents, and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim, or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Website in violation of this Agreement and/or arising from a breach of this Agreement and/or any breach of your representations and warranties and/or your negligent or willful acts, and/or the violation by you of Alphabet Signs or any third party's rights, including without limitation privacy rights, other property rights, trade secret, proprietary information, trademark, copyright, or patent rights, and claims for libel slander, or unfair trade practices in connection with the use or operation of the Website or Service. Your obligation to indemnify will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement by either party for any reason. No Third Party Beneficiaries. You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, there shall be no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
Interstate Nature of Communications on Alphabet Signs Network. When you are a user or customer with Alphabet Signs, you acknowledge that in using Alphabet Signs services to send electronic communications (including but not limited to search queries, sending messages to the Alphabet Signs community, and other Internet activities), you will be causing communications to be sent through Alphabet Signs computer networks located in Pennsylvania, and other locations in the United States. As a result, and also as a result of Alphabet Signs network architecture and business practices and the nature of electronic communications, even communications that seem to be intrastate in nature can result in the transmission of interstate communications regardless of where you are physically located at the time of transmission. According, by agreeing to this Agreement, you acknowledge that use of the service results in interstate data transmissions. U.S. Export Controls. Products from this Website is further subject to United States export controls. No products can be otherwise exported or re-exported (i) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other Country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods; or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By ordering products, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable Content. Specifically you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the United States or the country in which you reside. Alphabet Signs cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this paragraph. Term. This Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Website and/or are a customer. Alphabet Signs may terminate your use as a customer by sending notice to you at the email address you provide in your account, or such other email address as you may later provide to Alphabet Signs. If Alphabet Signs terminates your use in this Website because you have breached this Agreement, you will not be entitled to any refund. All decisions regarding the termination of accounts shall be made in the sole discretion of Alphabet Signs. Alphabet Signs is not required, and may be prohibited, from disclosing a reason for the termination of your account. Even after your account is terminated, this Agreement will remain in effect. All terms that by their nature may survive termination of this Agreement shall be deemed to survive such termination. Such termination of the Account will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all content in your Account. Alphabet Signs reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. Jurisdiction and Choice of Law. If there is any dispute arising out of the Website and/or the Service, by using the Website, you expressly agree that any such dispute shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, and you expressly agree and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts of the State of Delaware, in New Castle County, for the resolution of any such dispute.
Print This Page