http://www.trophypetfoods.co.uk/about-us/policy/privacy-policy
Loading
Our privacy policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your personal information and privacy.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about you. We may change this policy from time to time.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to sales@trophypetfoods.co.uk Alternatively you can telephone 01367 240333
We are Trophy Pet Foods Ltd. and we obtain information about you when you use our website, when you fill in a free sample request, place an order, request a service or fill in a manual or digital form; or when you provide it to us or to our Trophy franchisees.
The information we collect might include your name, address, email address, phone number, pet details and other personal information.
If you make a payment to us your payment details are not held by us but are collected by our third party payment processor, who specialise in the secure capture and processing of such transactions.
We may use your information:
to carry out your, our and our franchisees' obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you, us or our franchisees or which it is contemplated will be entered into.
to carry out your, our and our franchisees' obligations with regards to fulfilling your orders, providing you with services requested, providing you with a quote, providing you with your free sample request, nutritional consultation and any other goods and services you may have requested or ordered.
to seek your comment on the services we and our franchisees have provided
to notify you of changes to our or our franchisees' services
to send you communications that you have requested, or that may be of interest to you, such as our newsletter; such marketing you will have opted into
to process your application for a franchise
for administrative and analytical purposes
in connection with our legal rights and obligations
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis and we will hold your personal information on our systems only for so long as is necessary for the relevant activity.
We have never and will never sell or pass on your personal data to third parties. We respect your personal data and only use it within the Trophy Pet Foods network.
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you want to receive marketing communications from us, then you will have opted in or can opt in via the relevant tick box. These communications are normally by email only and provide details on the Trophy products and services.
You have the right to:
access your personal information and to be informed about its use by us and our franchisees
correct your personal information
have your personal information deleted
restrict the use of your personal information
object to the use of your personal information
complain to the Information Commissioner's Office
withdraw your consent to the use of your personal information
update your personal information
The accuracy of your information is important to us and our franchisees. If the personal information you have provided to us changes, if you change email address for example, please email us at sales@trophypetfoods.co.uk and we will update your personal information.
We will ensure your personal information is held securely.
Some of your 'non-sensitive' details (such as your email address) may be transmitted over the internet and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by an organisation to your computer and stored on your hard drive which allow that website to recognise you when you visit. Cookies collect statistical information about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. We use cookies to improve our website and provide you with a better service. We cannot personally identify you.
By entering your details in the fields requested digitally or manually, you enable Trophy Pet Foods and our franchisees to provide you with the services and products you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. When using your personal information we will act in accordance with current legislation.
Any personal information you provide to Trophy Pet Foods will only be used within Trophy and by its distribution agents and/or franchisees. Your personal information will be disclosed where we are obliged to by law.
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites whether or not you access them using links from our website or our social media.
We are especially concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under, please ask your parent/guardian’s permission before providing any personal information.
We keep this policy under regular review and it was last updated May 2018.
Explore our range of products
Please select an animal to view our Trophy pet food range or treats and accessories
I have a
DOG
I have a
CAT
I have a
CHICKEN
I have a
SMALL ANIMAL
Get the scoop
Get the latest information on our new products
Privacy Policy|
Terms and
Conditions
|
Press Enquiries
|
Modern Slavery
Statement
Copyright Trophy Pet Foods
Customer Support
01367 240333
sales@trophypetfoods.co.uk