http://www.alwizard.com/privacy-shield/
Home
Senior
Senior Living Software
Manage your senior properties with time to spare while giving residents the highest level of
care.
Watch Video
Contact Sales
RealPage Senior Living Software Delivers It All
Take control of it all, from prospect management to payment collections, resident screening to
real-time reporting. RealPage® Senior Living property management software gives you the power to
increase staff efficiency and productivity, while also maximizing resident satisfaction. Reduce
time-consuming tasks. Grow your business. Increase direct-care revenue. Whether you operate
assisted living, independent living, or dementia care facilities, manage it all with the one
property management software solution specifically tailored to your business—RealPage Senior
Living.
A Senior Living Solution That Keeps
Everything Aligned
Watch How RealPage Senior Living Brings it All Together
Find out how RealPage Senior Living keeps everything in order for you, from customized property websites that engage and connect to a specialized contact center that nurtures and converts. Whether you have assisted living, memory care or independent living properties in your portfolio, RealPage Senior Living makes all the right moves for you, so you’re free to focus on running your business and maximizing portfolio value.
Watch video
Boost Leads
Only RealPage provides a comprehensive marketing solution for assisted living—an integrated
lead-generation platform. We nurture leads. You lease more units, reduce overall marketing
expense, and free on-site sales staff to focus on occupancy.
Care Management
Access real-time medication information and alerts through an interface with an eMAR. Eliminate cost creep by performing assessments only as needed. Access automated reporting showing trends. Monitor caregiver task completion while measuring performance and managing conditions.
Community Management
Automatic calculation of care fee charges based on the acuity score of the assessment. Immediate updates to resident ledger upon acceptance of care fees. Know the numbers with accounting and budgeting solutions. Stay organized with Document Management.
Dedicated Contact Center
The largest in the U.S., the RealPage Senior Living Contact Center is staffed with friendly,
compassionate professionals who build relationships with your prospects, and increase the chance
you’ll never miss a leasing opportunity. First impressions are everything.
Accurate Census Management
Make the census simpler. Automate
move-in and move-out processes and know resident locations with our robust software solution
providing real-time information synchronized with your property management system.
Incident Management
Document and report all incidents,
and gain the ability to see trends and better manage the risk of events like falls,
altercations, and accidents.
Maximize Your Senior Living Marketing
In an intensely competitive market, digital transformation is crucial for senior living owners and operators. Innovative digital strategies ensure communities attract and connect with prospective residents and families in unique and memorable ways.
Learn More
Assessment Tool
The senior care assessment tool helps you
develop a better care plan for your senior residents.
Financial Tools
Property management accounting and
budgeting integration with other senior software tools keeps your senior care operations running
smoothly.
Interface To e-MAR
An interface to an eMAR provides real-time
medication alerts. Choose the eMAR best suited to your business and the one your staff is
familiar with to reduce training time and risk of error.
Lead Tracking
Maximize every dollar in your marketing
budget with comprehensive lead tracking and reporting.
Senior Living Solutions
RealPage senior software and service
solutions, from utility billing and consulting, to senior call center services, for smoother
operations.
Staff Management
Our staff management software helps you
make sure you’re not over- or understaffed at your senior communities.
5 Keys to Unlocking Your Potential in the Senior Housing Market
Attract prospects and increase satisfaction at your senior housing communities by applying these 5 critical keys that unlock the ultimate experience.
Learn More
ebook
Senior Living Marketing Strategies eBook
Download
ebook
Proven Strategies to Streamline Budgeting for Senior Living
Download
video
Software Review – Seniors Embrace Resident Portals
watch video
article
The Power of Business Intelligence in Senior Housing
Read More