http://www.firestonecompleteautocare.com/ca-privacy/
Skip to Content
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY AND NOTICE AT COLLECTION
Revised December 2019
This CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY AND NOTICE AT COLLECTION (“Policy” and/or “Notice”) of Bridgestone Retail Operations, LLC (“BSRO”, “we,” “us,” or “our”) applies solely to residents of the State of California (“consumers” or “you”).  We adopt this Policy and Notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.  Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Policy and Notice.  The general Privacy Policy on our website is also applicable to you, but to the extent any information in the general Privacy Policy conflicts with this Policy, the information in this Policy shall apply to you.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“personal information”). In particular, we may collect the following personal information from you:
Category
Examples
Identifiers
Real name, alias, postal address, unique personal or online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, vehicle identification number, or vehicle license plate number.
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Identifiers
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  service your vehicle at and across any of our retail locations; provide you with information about products and services requested; meet our or facilitate other businesses’ warranty obligations to you; facilitate tire and auto parts recalls and other service notifications; provide you with information about other BSRO products and services; enforce BSRO obligations and rights; improve our websites and/or mobile applications; improve our customer service; work on testing, research, analysis and product development; respond to law enforcement, regulatory or judicial requests; evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, or restructuring; and protect the rights, property or safety of BSRO or other parties.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
Name, signature, address, telephone number, driver’s license or other government issued ID number, credit/debit card number.  Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Personal Information Categories listed in Cal. Customer Records Statute
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  service your vehicle at and across any of our retail locations; accept payment from you for products or services; meet our or facilitate other businesses’ warranty obligations to you; facilitate tire and auto parts recalls and other service notifications provide you with information about other BSRO products and services; enforce BSRO obligations and rights; improve our websites and/or mobile applications; improve our customer service; work on testing, research, analysis and product development; respond to law enforcement, regulatory or judicial requests; evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, or restructuring; and protect the rights, property or safety of BSRO or other parties.
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), marital status, gender, or [veteran or military status].
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Protected Classification Characteristics
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  service your vehicle at any across any of our retail locations; provide you with information about products and services requested; provide you with information about other BSRO products and services; improve our websites and/or mobile applications; improve our customer service; work on testing, research, analysis and product development; comply with applicable laws; respond to law enforcement, regulatory or judicial requests; evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, or restructuring; and protect the rights, property or safety of BSRO or other parties.
Commercial information.
Records of personal property (including details about vehicle, e.g., vehicle identification number, vehicle license plate number, year, make, model, trim, mileage, driving conditions, mobile Device ID), products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Commercial Information
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  service your vehicle at our retail locations; provide you with information about products and services requested; meet our or facilitate other businesses’ warranty obligations to you; facilitate tire and auto parts recalls and other service notifications; provide you with information about other BSRO products and services; enforce BSRO obligations and rights; improve our websites and/or mobile applications; improve our customer service; work on testing, research, analysis and product development; respond to law enforcement, regulatory or judicial requests; evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, or restructuring; and protect the rights, property or safety of BSRO or other parties.
Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Internet or Other Similar Network Activity Information
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  provide information about products and services requested; provide you with information about other BSRO products and services; improve our customer service; improve our websites and/or mobile applications; work on testing, research, analysis and product development; respond to law enforcement, regulatory or judicial requests; and protect the rights, property or safety of BSRO or other parties.
Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Geolocation Data
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  provide information about products and services requested; provide you with information about other BSRO products and services; improve our customer service; improve our websites and/or mobile applications; work on testing, research, analysis and product development; respond to law enforcement, regulatory or judicial requests; and protect the rights, property or safety of BSRO or other parties.
Sensory data.
Audio or visual information.
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Sensory Data
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  provide information about products and services requested; improve our customer service; respond to law enforcement, regulatory or judicial requests; and protect the rights, property or safety of BSRO or other parties.
Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Purpose of Collection/Usage of Inference Data
We may collect and use the personal information in this category to:  provide information about products and services requested; provide you with information about other BSRO products and services; improve our customer service; improve our websites and/or mobile applications; work on testing, research, analysis and product development.
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Sources of Information Collected:
Identifiers, California Customer Records Statute Personal Information Categories, and Commercial Information
Obtained directly from customers at our retail locations
Obtained directly from submissions on one of our websites (www.firestonecompleteautocare.com or www.wheelworks.net) or our My Firestone mobile application
Obtained indirectly from customers through information we collect in the course of providing services to them
Protected Classification Characteristics under California or Federal law
Obtained directly from customers at our retail locations
Obtained directly and indirectly from activity on one of our websites (www.firestonecompleteautocare.com or www.wheelworks.net) or our My Firestone mobile application.  For example, American with Disabilities Act requires websites to be accessible to those with disabilities – tool is provided to consumers to set up preferences such as large font, voice recognition, etc.
Internet or Similar Network Activity
Obtained directly and indirectly from activity on one of our websites (www.firestonecompleteautocare.com or www.wheelworks.net) or our My Firestone mobile application
Geolocation Data
Obtained directly from activity on one of our websites (www.firestonecompleteautocare.com or www.wheelworks.net) or our My Firestone mobile application
Sensory Data
Obtained directly from our customers from phone calls to customer service lines that may be recorded
Obtained indirectly from security video recordings if security cameras are present in a retail location
Inferences
Obtained directly and indirectly from activity on one of our websites (www.firestonecompleteautocare.com or www.wheelworks.net) or our My Firestone mobile application
Obtained indirectly from customers through information we collect in the course of providing services to them
Sharing or Disclosure of Personal Information with Third Parties
We may disclose or share personal information to or with a third party for a business or commercial purpose and have done so in the preceding twelve (12) months.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Identifiers
California Customer Records Statute Personal Information categories
Protected Classification Characteristics under California or Federal Law
Commercial Information
Internet or other similar activity
Geolocation Data
Sensory Data
Inferences
We may disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
Service providers
Our affiliates
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you
Government agencies as required by state or federal law
Sale of Personal Information
Additionally, we do not knowingly disclose or sell the personal information of minors under the 16 years of age.In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers who are California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access and Deletion Rights
Right to Access Specific Information:
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information over the past twelve (12) months, using the following e-mail address or by calling the number below:
privacy@bfusa.com or (888) 928-0287
***(Please note the website you are coming from in the subject line of the e-mail so that we may more efficiently verify and respond to your request.)***
You may request the categories of personal information collected and/or specific pieces of personal information collected, so please specify which you are requesting in the e-mail you send.
We may use your name, address, email, and/or phone number to verify your identity.  Information provided will be compared to and validated against company records.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request to know categories of personal information collected, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you
The categories of sources from which we received the personal information we collected about you
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information
The categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and the categories of recipients
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request to know specific pieces of personal information collected, we will disclose to you:
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request)
We are not obligated to provide you with this information more than twice within a 12-month period.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information:
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and maintained, subject to certain exceptions.  You can submit a deletion request using the following e-mail address or by calling the number below:
privacy@bfusa.com or (888) 928-0287
***(Please note the website you are coming from in the subject line of the e-mail so that we may more efficiently verify and respond to your request.)***
We may use your name, address, email, and/or phone number to verify your identity.  Information provided will be compared to and validated against company records.  The consumer will be required to respond to an email from us to confirm the deletion request.
Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request for certain reasons set reasons set forth in CCPA, which will be described to you if all or a portion of your deletion request is denied.
General Rights Request Information:
Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your or your household’s personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.  If an authorized agent submits a request on behalf of a consumer, the authorized agent must provide proof of his/her/its registration as an authorized agent with the Secretary of State.
Response Timing and Format:
We will try to fully respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  We will deliver our response to you electronically via the email address provided on the request form.  Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.  The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For access requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to change this California Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection in our discretion and at any time.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about the California Privacy Policy and Notice at Collection, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at (888) 928-0287 or privacy@bfusa.com.
Find Store
Find a Different Location
Find a Store
Stores Near You
Do you want to change your Preferred Store?
Yes
No
This site uses cookies to enhance your user experience. By continuing to browse our website, you agree to use these cookies. For more information on what cookies we use and how to manage these cookies please visit our
Privacy policy
OK