https://www.icaew.com/icaew-policies/website-and-email-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Stay up-to-date with the latest Coronavirus news: Sign up for daily news alerts
ICAEW.com works better with JavaScript enabled.
Home
ICAEW policies
Website and email privacy notice
Website and email privacy notice
The website and email privacy notice refers to personal data processed from users of the ICAEW website and email solutions. We believe it is very important to respect the privacy of individuals, and to make only safe and ethical use of the information that is provided through electronic channels.
Where we collect information we are doing so in order to offer you better services, both on the website and in the rest of our operations.
The information we collect and how we use it
We do not collect any financial information on this website. If you make a debit or credit card payment online eg, to pay subscriptions or fees, to join a Faculty or Community, or to purchase any of our services or products, you will be taken to a secure payment service provider who will take your payment on our behalf and return you to this website when your order has been completed.
We may ask you to complete surveys, questionnaires or comments on the website from time to time. These will always be voluntary, but we may use the information from them to personalise the website and to target marketing to relevant users.
We will only send you emails if you have agreed to receive emails from ICAEW, either by entering into a contract with us or by actively giving consent. You can delete or change your email address at any time or unsubscribe to particular types of email. You are able to withdraw consent at any time, either by unsubscribing from ICAEW emails or by updating your user preferences. You can do this by logging into your preference centre profile, or by clicking on the links provided in any of our emails.
We may collect management information on our email campaigns, such as whether you have read an email sent by us, when and how many times. We will use this information to improve content and services and to inform groups of users about relevant products and services.
The website gives you the opportunity to change your preferences about receiving conventional postal mailings. To change preferences, login and select my preferences from your account.
If you have a web chat conversation, we will record a copy of that conversation and hold it against the membership number/student number/other identification ID you used to log in to this website.
We will use any or all of the personal information we collect about you to build up a profile of your use of the website and its facilities. We will store this information under your name on ICAEW's system.
Who will have access to the information?
Any information you give will be available to ICAEW, including our faculties and district societies.  We may need to share your information with our service providers and agents for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, but we will ensure that it is protected. Other than this, we will not give information about you or your use of this site to any other organisation without your consent, unless it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
We will give anonymous usage statistics to other organisations, but these will not include information about domain names or IP addresses.
We also occasionally work with external organisations to carry out market research about ICAEW on our behalf. We may share your email address with these organisations so that they can contact you directly and carry out this research independently from ICAEW. We only use organisations that adhere to the Market Research Society code of practice. Other than this, we won’t give your email address to any third party.
Information you give in response to surveys and questionnaires on the website will be used in two ways:
by ICAEW itself to help determine policy and to help improve our services to members; or
by third parties that ICAEW may give the information to for market research; in this case, the information will only be made available as anonymous statistical reports
This website compiles user profiles automatically to help us improve the content, design and performance of the site. We will only use these profiles for this purpose and will not release them to any other organisation.
Technical information
Our website staff are fully trained in the data protection and are aware of their obligations.
Like most websites, our server gathers limited information about you during a session, including the IP address and domain name from which you are accessing the server. We use this information to help us improve the content, design and performance of the site. We do not give the log files or the information they contain to any third parties.
Our website software can recognise the configuration of the computer and the browser software you are using. This will help us to provide you with an optimised experience.
If you provide feedback via an online feedback form we will collect your name, email address and, if appropriate, membership or student number.
This site uses Google Analytics, and specifically Google Analytics Demographics and Interests reporting. Should you wish you can opt-out of the Google Analytics advertising features used for demographics and interests reporting using. Google have provided more information and a simple plugin to allow you to do this on any website.
Use of cookies
A cookie is a tiny file that is saved by your browser when you visit a website. It enables certain information about your visit to be stored by the site. We have set out full details about our use of cookies on a separate page, where you can find out which cookies we use, why we use them, and what you need to do if you don’t wish to accept some or all them.
Other websites
Our website and emails may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or practices of these other sites and we recommend that you check their own privacy policies.
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about this please contact:
Data Protection Officer
ICAEW
Metropolitan House
321 Avebury Boulevard
Milton Keynes
MK9 2FZ UK
data.protection@icaew.com
+44 (0)1908 248 250
Last reviewed May 2018
Home
Coronavirus
Membership
Learn
Careers
ACA students
Resources
Communities
Insights
Regulation