http://www.namdeb.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home Terms and ConditionsTerms and Conditions ACCESS TO THE SITE
Access to the Site is permitted on a temporary basis and we may make changes to the Site from time to time and may change, suspend or withdraw the content of all or any part of the Site at any time without notice.RIGHTS All rights in all material and content (including, but not limited to, text, images, web pages, sound, software (including, code, interface and website structure) and video, and the look and feel, design and compilation thereof) at this Site are owned by us or our licensors. You may view this Site and you are welcome to print hard copies of material on it solely for your lawful, personal, non-commercial use. All other copying, whether in electronic, hard copy or other format, is prohibited and may breach intellectual property laws and other laws world-wide. You agree that you are permitted to use this material and/or content only as set out in these Terms or as otherwise expressly authorised in writing by us or our licensors, and that you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly perform, distribute, commercially exploit, adapt, translate, modify, bundle, merge, share or make available to any person, or create derivative works of such material or content or use it for commercial purposes, without our prior written consent. You may not offer for sale or distribute over any medium, any part of this Site or any of its content. You shall not interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or use of Site in any way through any means or device including, but not limited to, spamming, hacking, uploading computer viruses or time bombs, or any other means expressly prohibited by any provision of these Terms. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY We are the owner and/or authorised user of all trade marks, trade names, service marks, design marks, patents, copyrights, database rights and all other intellectual property appearing on or contained within the Site, unless otherwise expressly indicated. Except as provided in these Terms, use of the Site does not grant you any right, title, interest or license to any such intellectual property you may access on the Site. Except as provided in these Terms, any use or reproduction of the intellectual property is strictly prohibited. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trade mark, service mark or logo displayed on this Site without our prior written permission or the prior written permission of such other third party that may own the trade mark, service mark or logo displayed on this Site. Your use of the trade marks, service marks or logos displayed on this Site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited. NO WARRANTIES This Site (including the any information, materials, text, graphics, links or other items included in this Site) is provided "as is," “with all faults” and “as available”, without warranties of any kind.
To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the Site or any content on it, whether express or implied.
Please note that we are under no obligation to update the content and it may be out of date at any given time. We do not guarantee that the Site or any content on it will be free from errors or omissions. We provide the Site "as is" and without express or implied warranties of any kind. We do not warrant that the Site will be free from viruses. Although we take reasonable steps to secure the Site, you acknowledge that the internet is not a completely secure medium and we make no warranties, express or implied, that any information or materials you post on or transmit through the Site will be safe from unauthorised access or use. The Site may be unavailable from time to time due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment or for various other reasons and we will not be liable to you if for any reason the Site is not available at any time. If you are dissatisfied with the Site, your sole remedy is to discontinue using the Site.LINKING TO OUR SITE You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage or take advantage of our reputation. You may not frame or deep link this Site. The website from which you are linking must comply in all respects with our Acceptable Use Policy and with applicable laws. You must not establish a link in such manner that suggests endorsement, association or approval on our part where none exists. YOUR RESPONSIBILITY You should always verify the information set out in this Site with appropriate independent information sources and/or authorities before acting or relying on it. It is your responsibility to use virus checking software on any material downloaded from this Site and to ensure the compatibility of such software with your equipment. In circumstances where you provide us with information relating to any third parties, you warrant that you have received that third party's consent in relation to such disclosure and that the third party has been informed of, and agrees to, our Privacy and Cookies Policy and the uses which we may make of such information.
You should also check that the information you provide does not contain any content prohibited by applicable laws or regulations. You will be responsible for any loss or damages we may suffer if you breach this warranty. If you choose or are provided with a user identification code, password or other information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to a third party.USER INFORMATION In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide personal information to us such as your first and last name, phone number or email address or other personal data within the meaning of applicable data privacy law (such information referred to hereinafter as "User Information"). Our information collection and use policies with respect to such User Information is set out in our Privacy and Cookies Policy. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of the User Information.RESTRICTION, SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION We may restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Site, in whole or in part (including the right to disable your username or password), and/or your ability to avail of any of the services on the Site, including interactive services, with or without notice, for any reason or no reason at all, including but not limited to if we believe that you have breached these Terms at any time. Any such restriction, suspension or termination will be without prejudice to any rights which we may have against you in respect of your breach of these Terms. Please note that we have the ability to trace your IP address and if necessary contact your ISP in the event of a suspected breach of these Terms. We will determine your compliance with these Terms in our sole discretion and our decision shall be final and binding and not subject to challenge or appeal.MISCELLANEOUS These Terms, including our Privacy and Cookies Policy
and our Acceptable Use Policy, constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to its subject matter and supersedes any and all prior promises, representations, agreements, statements and understandings whatsoever between us. The failure by us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms shall remain in full force and effect. You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Terms to anyone. We may cede assign or otherwise transfer our rights and obligations in terms of these Terms to third parties.