https://www.craftstones.com/conditions.php?osCsid=4c1m9r16r99e9asqree6qrnh71
Home
0  item(s)
Your shopping cart is empty!
Tumbled GemstonesTumbled Gemstones 1Tumbled Gemstones 2Tumbled Gemstones 3Commercial Tumbled StonesGemstone MixesJewelryBraceletBeadsPendantsDrilled PendantsRough Crystals & MineralsSelenite
Conditions Of Use
Terms & Conditions
Craftstones Terms & Conditions
Acceptance of the Terms of Use
Welcome to the website of Craftstones. (“Company,” “we” or “us”). The following terms and conditions (together with any documents referred to in them) (the “Terms of Use”) apply to your use of https://www.craftstones.com, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through https://www.craftstones.com (the “Website”), whether as a guest or as a registered user.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website, you accept and agree to abide by these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at www.craftstones.com/privacy.php, incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must navigate away from or otherwise refrain from using the Website. These Terms of Use apply unless you have signed a separate formal written agreement with Company.
Changes to the Terms of Use
We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time in our sole discretion. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. All material changes will apply prospectively only. Any changes to the dispute resolution procedures set forth below in Governing Law and Jurisdiction shall not apply to any disputes for which the parties had actual notice as of the date the change was posted on the Website. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes.
Accessing the Website and Account Security
To use this Website, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a binding contract with the Company and are at least 18 years or older.
Access to the Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend any service we provide on the Website in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to users, including registered users.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website.
You are responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your account are aware of these Terms of Use, and that they comply with them.
To access the Website or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Website that all the information you provide on the Website is correct, current and complete.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. You agree to immediately notify Craftstones of any unauthorized use of your username or password or any other breach of security, and ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time, for any reason, including, if in our opinion, you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property Rights
The entire contents of the Website (including all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio) and the design, selection and arrangement thereof, are owned by Craftstones or its licensors and are protected by United States and international laws regarding copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
You are permitted to use the Website for your personal, non-commercial use only, or legitimate business purposes related to your role as a current or prospective customer, supplier or distributor of the Company. You must not copy, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display or perform, republish, download or store, or transmit any of the material on our site without the prior written consent of the Company, except to:
Store copies of such materials temporarily in RAM.
Store files that are automatically cached by your Web browser for display enhancement purposes.
Print a reasonable number of pages of the Website for a permitted use.
You must not:
Modify the paper or digital copies of any materials from this site.
Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
Delete or alter any copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices appearing on such materials.
You must not reproduce, sell or exploit for any commercial purposes any part of the Website, access to the Website or use of the Website or any services or materials available through the Website without obtaining a license to do so from the Company or its applicable licensor. If you wish to make any use of material on the Website other than that set out above, please address your request to: craftstones@craftstones.com.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use any part of the Website in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Website or any content on the site are transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by the Company. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
Company Trademarks
The Company name, the terms Craftstones, any Company logos, and all related names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans are trademarks of the Company or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks without the prior written permission of the Company. All other names, brands and marks are used for identification purposes only and are the trademarks of their respective owners.
Prohibited Uses
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Website:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local and international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
For the purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally identifiable information or otherwise.
To transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertising or promotional material, including any “junk mail,” “chain letter” or “spam” or any other similar solicitation.
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate the Company or a Company employee, another user, or person or entity (including, without limitation, the use of e-mail addresses associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm the Company or users of the Website or expose them to liability.
Additionally, you agree not to:
Use the Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of the Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through the Website.
Use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access the Website.
Use any manual process to monitor or copy any of the material on the Website or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior written consent.
Use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website.
Introduce any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful.
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage or disrupt any parts of the Website, the server on which the Website is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to the Website.
Attack the Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
Otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Website.
Changes to the Website
We may update the Website from time to time, but its content is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. We may change the Website at any time with or without notice. We may suspend access to the Website, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on the Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
Information About You and Your Visits to the Website
We collect and use information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy, available at our www.craftstones.com/privacy.php. By using the Website, you consent to such collection and use and you represent and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Linking to the Website
You may link to our homepage or any other interior page of our website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
The Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of the Website other than the homepage.
You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Links from the Website
If the Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links from advertisers, including banner advertisements. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such websites.
Geographic Restrictions
The owner of the Website is based in the state of California in the United States. We make no claims that the Website or any of its content is accessible or appropriate outside of the United States. Access to the Website may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with your own local laws.
Indemnifications
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates and licensors an their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors and suppliers from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from your violation of the Terms of Use or your use of the Website, including, without limitation, any use of the Website’s content. Services and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use or your use of any information outlined from the Website.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
The Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising out of, or related to, them, their subject matter or their formation (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of California or any other jurisdiction). Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Website shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of California. You agree to waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts.
Limitation on Time to File Claims
ANY CAUSE OF ACTIN OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Waiver and Severability
No waiver of these Terms of Use by the Company shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition, and any failure of the Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Entire Agreement
The Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Craftstones with respect to the Website and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to the Website.
Comments and Concerns
This Website is operated by Craftstones, all feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to craftstones@craftstones.com.
Thank you for visiting our Website!
Continue