http://www.rossgrieve.com/terms-conditions/
Log In
Create Account
My Cart Checkout
FACEBOOK
Ross Grieve Photography
HomePortraitsCommercialStreetBlogWorkshops
Client GalleriesAbout RossContact
MENU
MENU
HomePortraitsCommercialStreetAbout RossContact Client Galleries Facebook Blog Workshops Log In
Create AccountMy Cart Checkout
Terms & Conditions
CopyrightThe photographs on this site are low resolution images for proofing purposes only. Any reprints you order are individually adjusted for colour and tone.We respectfully remind you that any unauthorised capture or copying of these images by whatever means is a criminal offence under the Copyright, Design & Patent Act 1988. Our server logs all site activity and we have no option than to prosecute in cases of copyright abuse.PostagePostage and packing will be calculated at cost and added to your order at the checkout. Orders of £100 or over are carriage free. Worldwide postage is charged at an additional £5 per order. Frame orders are usually dispatched within 3 weeks. Folder orders within 48 hours. Please let us know if the prints are to be required by specific dates using the additional information box when you place your order. Email us on studio@rossgrieve.com  anytime or phone us on +44(0)1646 651750 during office hours (09.00hs to 17.00hs UK time) if you would like advice or help in placing your order.Print SizesWe will supply photographs that are cropped to create the most pleasing image, unless a specific size is requested. The dimension quoted refers to the longest side. A 25 cm print (10") might be 25 cm x 25 cm if the image is square for instance. You may have a frame 10" x 8" that you require the print for. If so you can specify the image number and required size in the 'additional information' section. Any image can be printed to exact dimensions if required. We work to the nearest millimeter or 16th of an inch. 10" x 10", 10" x 8", 10" x 7" are all supposedly standard sizes. There are occasions when a picture works best at a given ratio. We will print it that way unless requested otherwise. Quantities and sizes can be altered at any time from the order page.Print QualityAll our prints have been hand assessed and produced using the finest materials. They are true photographic prints made on light sensitive paper that has undergone wet processing. If an image is shown in black and white but you would like colour please just ask for it in colour using the additional information panel and visa versa. This may not be possible if the photograph is taken on film.GeneralWe pride ourselves on customer satisfaction and we endeavour to get things right. That means we do our best to ensure the photographs we send you are the right ones and that the packaging is appropriate. If in any circumstance this is not the case, please let us know, and we will do our very best to rectify the situation. Should we make a mistake, we will put it right at our expense. Please do give us as much information as you can to help us satisfy your needs entirely. Please let us know if the prints are to be gift wrapped or required by specific dates using the additional information box when you place your order. Email us anytime or ring us on 01646 651750 during office hours (09.00hrs to 17.00hrs Monday to Friday UK time) if you would like advice or help in placing your order.Payment OptionsWe accept payment by BACS or by debit or credit cards noted on the payment screen.  Our site is secure, but if you would prefer not to enter your card details on our website, please telephone us. If you are ordering goods from a non-UK location, we will strive to provide the same high standard of service to you. Please note that if you pay by card, your card will be charged in Pounds Sterling, and the currency conversion will be done by your card provider. You are responsible for all charges resulting from the shipping and importation of goods into your region. We will label the parcel as printed paper for customs purposes.We will endeavour not to request payment authorisation from your chosen card until we are ready to despatch your order. In the case of cheques, we will not despatch your order until your cheque has been cleared. Please send cheques to Ross Grieve Photography Ltd. Carisbrook, Lawrenny Rd, Cresselly, Pembrokeshire, Wales, UK, SA68 0SY.Refunds Where you wish a transaction to be refunded to a cardholder, You shall advise us either by such automated systems as we shall make available to you from time to time, or by fax or post on your headed paper. Refunds will only be made to the card upon which the original transaction was debited and not by any other method.Refunds may occasionally be offered at the discretion of the management, once the photographs have been received. Our contact details are at the bottom of this page.GuaranteesAs per current English Consumer Protection law.Your Right To Cancel:You have 2 days in which to cancel your order for albums or reprints. We action the printing and album ordering on day 3 and aim to have all reprint orders despatched by day 14. All our albums are hand made for each order in New Zealand & Australia, and are usually with us within 3 weeks. We therefore aim to have albums despatched within 4 weeks of the album design approval.Complaints:Please address any complaints to Ross Grieve Photography either by studio@rossgrieve.com or telephone 01646 651750 09.00hs - 17.00hs Mon - Fri . We endeavour to respond to any complaint within 24 hours.Privacy:Ross Grieve Photography will store your name and order details on private internal database. These details WILL NOT be made available to companies or individuals outside of Ross Grieve Photography. Should you wish to have your details removed from our database, please advise us in writing to Ross Grieve Photography, Carisbrook, Lawrenny Rd, Cresselly, Pembrokeshire, Wales,  SA68 0SY. View our Privacy Policy here.Company InformationRoss Grieve Photography LtdCarisbrook, Lawrenny Road, Cresselly, Pembrokeshire, WALES, SA68 0SYCo. Reg. No. 4690374Registered in WalesRegistered Office as abovetelephone: 01646 651750email: studio@rossgrieve.com
Share
Sign up for my latest news, promotions and exclusive offers.
I agree to my personal data being stored and used to receive the newsletter
Privacy Policy
Your information is safe with us and won't be shared.
no thanks
Thank you for signing up!
Close
Ross Grieve Photography
Home   Portraits   Commercial   Street   Blog   Workshops  Client Galleries   About Ross   Contact
©2020 All Rights Reserved.
Content may not be used without prior express written consent.
Terms & Conditions. Privacy Policy
Ross is an Ambassador for Lumix Cameras, Elinchrom and an X-Rite Coloratti Master
By continuing to browse or by clicking Accept Cookies, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device necessary to provide you with the services available through our website.
Accept   Privacy & Cookie Policy
Loading More Photos
Scroll To Top
Close | Clear All & Close
Close Window
Loading
Close