http://www.waiora.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Privacy policy
Waiora understands your concern regarding your personal information and how it is used and shared and we appreciate your trust and want to ensure you that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting BuyWaiora.com or any of its affiliated websites, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
We will never willfully sell, trade, rent, disclose or make available personally identifiable information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission, except when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the rights or property of Waiora.
We receive and store any information you enter on our websites or give us through any other means. The information we learn from our visitors helps us personalize and continually improve your experience with Waiora. You provide information when you search, buy, participate in questionnaires or communicate with customer service; provide or update information in your account area; communicate with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. You provide your e-mail address which is your username and personal password allows you access to special areas of our website. We store your shipping and billing addresses, your phone number, and your e-mail address. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing the look and feel of our site, shopping and communicating with you.
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Like many Web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses buywaiora.com or any of its affiliated sites. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide certain features. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our website's enhanced features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information that you input. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer, so be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. In addition, our server is protected by a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to any information that we store. As with all web usage, it is important for you not to share your personal code or password with anyone else. With that information, someone could log on as you. Although buywaiora.com never displays your credit card information on our website, someone logging on as you could access less confidential data, such as your name or shipping address.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement, contact us at support@waioracommunications.com.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.