https://www.knottuk.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Knott-Avonride Limited takes your privacy very seriously and is committed to protecting your personal data. We ask that you read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains important information about what to expect when Knott-Avonride Limited collects personal information about you and how Knott-Avonride Limited will use your personal data.   Knott-Avonride Limited is part of the KNOTT Group of companies.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
This policy applies to information we collect about:
visitors to our website;
people and companies who do business with us
1. The information we collect about you and who we are
Controller:
The Knott-Avonride Group is made up of different legal entities, details of which can be found here www.knott-group.com. This privacy notice is issued on behalf of the Knott-Avonride Group so when we mention “Knott-Avonride”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice, we are referring to the relevant company in the Knott Group responsible for processing your data. Knott-Avonride Limited (company number 01691074) is the controller and responsible for this website.
Contact details
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: Knott-Avonride Limited (company number 01691074)
Email address: webspares@knottuk.com
Postal address: Europa House, Second Avenue Centrum 100, Burton Upon Trent, DE14 2WF
Telephone number: 01283 531 541
2. Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on 21st March 2018.
The data protection law in the UK will change on 25 May 2018. As a result it is subject to change as more guidance becomes available.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes payment history.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you..
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
2.1 We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
2.2 We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
3. How we will use the information about you
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
In particular, we gather this information to allow us to process your registration, process any orders you may make and provide the goods and services requested.  The relevant information is then used by us and companies who work for us for order purposes in processing your information and packaging and shipping our goods and for internal statistics and to manage your account with us and to communicate with you on any matter relating to the conduct of your account and the provision of the goods and services.
We use a secure server that encrypts the information you give us. We do not store your card details and all numbers are encrypted when we process your order.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data (applicable only to our webshop)
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us at webspares@knottuk.com  if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/ActivityType of dataLawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer(a) Identity
(b) ContactPerformance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c)
Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) TechnicalNecessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences(a) Technical
(b) Usage Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
4. Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms:
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Knott-Avonride group of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing emails at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at webspares@knottuk.com at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Our use of cookies and other information-gathering technologies
We use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses so-called cookies. These are text files which are stored on your computer and allow for analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookies with regard to your use of the website, including your automatically truncated IP address, is transferred to a Google server and stored there. Google will use this information in order to analyse your use of the website, to prepare reports about web activities for Knott-Avonride Limited, and to provide further services in respect of web usage and internet usage.
Google will also transfer this information to third parties, insofar as this is prescribed by law or these third parties process the data at Google’s request. You can prevent the transfer of information about the website visit to Google by installing a browser add-on provided by Google. By using this website, you declare your consent to the processing of data collected about you by Google as described above and for the aforementioned purpose.
In addition, we use cookies to enable you to use this website. Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. The information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information about cookies visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function if you remove cookies from your browser.
6. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Data Retention
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you
7. How we protect your information
We have put in place the following security procedures and technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal information: (e.g. firewalls, browser certification technology, encryption, limited access, use of passwords etc).
8. Access to your information and updating and correcting your information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please send an email to webspares@knottuk.com or send a letter to Knott Trailer Shop and the Burton on Trent Site address shown on the webshop. We may make a small charge for this service.
We want to ensure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If any of the information that you have provided to Knott-Avonride Limited changes, for example if you change your email address, name or payment details, or if you wish to cancel your registration, please let us know the correct details by sending an email to webspares@knottuk.com or by sending a letter to Knott Trailer Shop and the Burton on Trent Site address shown on the webshop. You may ask us, or we may ask you, to correct information you or we think is inaccurate, and you may also ask us to remove information which is inaccurate.
9. Your legal rights
Your legal rights are set out in more detail below. Some or all of the rights may apply to your dealings with us.
10. How to contact Knott –Avonride Limited
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please send an email to webspares@knottuk.com or send a letter to Knott Trailer Shop at the Burton on Trent Site address shown on the webshop.
11. Links to other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
12. Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Other companies in the Knott Group acting as joint controllers or processors and may provide goods directly, provide IT and system administration services and undertake leadership reporting.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
KF431C
Sign in to your account
Account Login
Username
Password
Sign in
Forgot your password?
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we put on your computer if you agree. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. Read more about the individual cookies we use and how to recognise them by clicking here
Accept Cookies
Read more
Change Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Cookie Box Settings
Privacy settings
Decide which cookies you want to allow.
You can change these settings at any time. However, this can result in some functions no longer being available. For information on deleting the cookies, please consult your browser’s help function.
Learn more about the cookies we use.
With the slider, you can enable or disable different types of cookies:
Block all
Essentials
Functionality
Analytics
Advertising
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selected
This website won't:
Remember your login detailsFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsFunctionality: Remember selected region and country
This website won't:
Remember your login detailsAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Tailor information and advertising to your interests based on e.g. the content you have visited before. (Currently we do not use targeting or targeting cookies.Advertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsl Functionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functions
This website won't:
Remember your login detailsAdvertising: Use information for tailored advertising with third partiesAdvertising: Allow you to connect to social sitesAdvertising: Identify device you are usingAdvertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website will:
Essential: Remember your cookie permission settingEssential: Allow session cookiesEssential: Gather information you input into a contact forms, newsletter and other forms across all pagesEssential: Keep track of what you input in a shopping cartEssential: Authenticate that you are logged into your user accountEssential: Remember language version you selectedFunctionality: Remember social media settingsl Functionality: Remember selected region and countryAnalytics: Keep track of your visited pages and interaction takenAnalytics: Keep track about your location and region based on your IP numberAnalytics: Keep track of the time spent on each pageAnalytics: Increase the data quality of the statistics functionsAdvertising: Use information for tailored advertising with third partiesAdvertising: Allow you to connect to social sitesl Advertising: Identify device you are usingAdvertising: Gather personally identifiable information such as name and location
This website won't:
Remember your login details
Save & Close