https://www.alsfordtimber.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
You are here:
Home
Ordering from Alsford
Privacy Policy
Ordering from Alsford
Special Offers
Credit Account
Trade Cash Accounts
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Online Security
Conditions of Use
Enable Cookies
Privacy Policy
Alsford Timber fully supports and is committed to complying with the General Data Protection Regulation. Accordingly, we are committed to the protection of personal data belonging to our customers, suppliers and colleagues. We have reviewed existing policies and where appropriate have developed and implemented new guidelines and procedures to ensure personal data is collected, stored and disposed of in a manner compliant with the requirements of the GDPR.
To this end we have both an internal GDPR Policy as well as an external website Privacy Policy which reflects the requirements of GDPR.
What information do we collect about you?
We will collect information about you when you open an account, register on our website, place an order with us for, request information from us, apply for a job with us or if you wish to contact your local branch. The type of information we may collect includes your name, postal address, job title, e-mail address and telephone number so that we can contact you accordingly.
We may also obtain information about your usage of our website using Cookies.
Separate terms and conditions may apply when you open an account and/or if you decide to opt in to receive marketing information from us.
How do we use the information we collect about you?
to process any orders that you have place and to manage your account with us.
to keep you informed on changes and developments to our site or services,
to provide a more personalised online experience,
for record keeping purposes,
to keep you informed about our products and services that we offer.
for market research purposes, on an anonymous basis to track activity on our site, to publish trends and/or to improve usefulness and content
We only retain your information such as is required for legitimate business purposes and legal requirements and or if you have opted in to receive marketing information and then only within the parameters of GDPR
We may use your data in our BI system to help us understand trends.
During a credit account application, we will share your details with a Credit reference agency and or Credit Insurer.
Keeping you informed
If you decide to opt in to receive marketing information from us and have bought or enquired about our products or services previously, we may also use the information we collect to let you know about our other products and services which may be of interest to you and to keep you updated with information about promotional offers and what is coming soon at Alsford Timber. If you agree.
If the email address you have provided to us is a corporate email address, we may contact you at any time to let you know about our products and services.
However, you will be able to let us know if you no longer want to receive material from us each time that you receive a communication by emailing us on this link.
Disclosing your data
We will never make your personal information available to 3rd Parties for marketing purposes and will only discuss your details with other companies if you have given us permission to do so or where it is necessary to do so to satisfy any request for products or services on your behalf. This may include but is not limited to answering your questions about products or services, sending postal mail and e-mails and analysing data. We will only provide those companies with the information they need to deliver the service we have engaged them for and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
We may have to disclose your information by law or because a court or the police or other law enforcement agency has asked us for it.
How is your information protected?
We take the protection or your data seriously and have the appropriate security measures in place to keep it safe. We strictly restrict access to personal information. Only employees who need the information to perform their tasks have access to it.
Cookies
To obtain further information relating to the Cookies operating on our website, please view our Cookies Policy.
Changes to this privacy policy
We regularly review our Privacy Policy and if we make any changes to this we will post them on our website.
Your rights
You may request details of personal information that we hold about you by contacting us at marketing@alsfordtimber.com or write to us at Alsford Timber, Ness Road, Erith, Kent, DA8 2LD.
The Website
This website and it's owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This website complies to all UK national laws and requirements for user privacy.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for website's to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a users computer / device.
Cookies are small files saved to the users computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the users interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further information.
Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links users should always adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website.
The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively.
Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email.
This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Shortened Links in Social Media
This website and its owners through their social media platform accounts may share web links to relevant web pages. By default some social media platforms shorten lengthy url's [web addresses] (this is an example: http://bit.ly/zyVUBo).
Users are advised to take caution and good judgement before clicking any shortened url's published on social media platforms by this website and it's owners. Despite the best efforts to ensure only genuine url's are published many social media platforms are prone to spam and hacking and therefore this website and it's owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any shortened links.
Resources & Further Information
Twitter Privacy PolicyFacebook Privacy PolicyGoogle Privacy PolicyLinkedin Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Edited & Customised by: Alsford Timber Ltd
chrome
chrome
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept cookies from this site, please click the Allow button below.Allow