http://www.salespider.com/index.php?terms=1&ref=footer
The Social Network for Small Businesses | Entrepreneurs | Professionals
Products & Deals
Biz Directory
MarketPlace
Community
HOME HOME
TERMS OF USE
SaleSpider Media Inc includes a
family of social networks, websites, an advertising network, a data management
platform, and mobile application publisher. Click Here to view SaleSpider Media Inc's family websites. The
following are the complete terms of a legal agreement between you and SaleSpider
Media and relates to all our websites.
The current domain you are using is salespider.com
The following are the complete terms
a legal agreement between you and SaleSpider Media Inc.
This website is part of a social
network that connects you with other likeminded people. The website is operated
by SaleSpider Media Inc. and is hereinafter referred to as "the
Company". By accessing or using this website in any manner whatsoever you
(the "User") signify that you have read, understand and agree to be
bound by these Terms of Use ("Terms of Use" or
"Agreement"), whether or not you are a registered member of this
website. By using the website you acknowledge that the laws of your country
allow access to this website. Membership in this website is void where
prohibited.
We reserve the right, at our sole
discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these Terms of Use at
any time without further notice. Your continued use of the Service or the Site
after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Use. If
you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms of Use, do not use or
access (or continue to use or access) the Service or the Site. It is your
responsibility to regularly check the Site to determine if there have been
changes to these Terms of Use and to review such changes.
Please read these terms of use
carefully. It is understood and agreed that by accessing, browsing and/or using
this web site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree, to be
bound by the terms and conditions as set forth below and to comply with all
applicable laws and regulations.
Use of Email Addresses
If you
provide your email address, we may email you to call your attention to relevant
information on this website. If you would like to stop receiving emails at any
time, there will always be an unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email, or
you are able to unsubscribe by changing your Email Settings by clicking
"My Account" on the top left of your screen and selecting
"E-Mail Options". For a complete description of this website's Email
and unsubscribe policy, please see the Privacy Policy.
This website is a part of SaleSpider
Media Inc's Network
This website is a part of SaleSpider
Media Inc's Network, a group of social networks hosted and operated by
SaleSpider Media Inc. New social networks may be added to the SaleSpider Media
Inc's Network but it is your sole responsibility to regularly check
SaleSpider.com to determine if there have been changes to these Terms of Use
and review those changes. Information that you supply to any social network
that is a part of the SaleSpider Media Inc's Network will be available to all
social networks that are a part of SaleSpider Media Inc's Network. When you
opt-out of any type of communications from any social network that is a part
the SaleSpider Media Inc's Network, you will be opted-out from the same type of
communications from all social networks that are a part of SaleSpider Media
Inc's Network.
Registration Data and Account
Security
In consideration of your use of this
website, you agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete information
about you as may be prompted by any registration forms on the Site
("Registration Data"); (b) maintain the security of your password and
identification; (c) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data, and any
other information you provide to Company, to keep it accurate, current and
complete; and (d) be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any
actions that take place arising from the use of your account.
Proprietary Rights in Site Content
All content on the Site and
available through the This website, including designs, text, graphics,
pictures, video, information, applications, software, music, sound and other
files, and their selection and arrangement (the "Site Content"), are
the proprietary property of the Company, its users or its licensors with all
rights reserved. No Site Content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed,
reproduced, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in
any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without the Company's prior
written permission, except that the foregoing. Provided that you are eligible
for use of this website, you are granted a limited license to access and use
the website and the Site Content and to download or print a copy of any portion
of the Site Content to which you have properly gained access solely for your
personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep all copyright or other
proprietary notices intact. Except for your own user content, you may not
upload or republish Site Content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or
incorporate the information in any other database or compilation, and any other
use of the Site Content is strictly prohibited. Such license is subject to
these Terms of Use and does not include use of any data mining, robots or
similar data gathering or extraction methods. Any use of the Site or the Site
Content other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written
permission of Company, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license
granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws
including copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications
regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these
Terms of Use shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual
property rights, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise. This license is
revocable at any time without notice and with or without cause.
Trademarks
The logo and any Company graphics,
logos, designs, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names are
registered trademarks, trademarks or trade dress of Company in Canada, the U.S.
and/or other countries. Company's trademarks and trade dress may not be used,
including as part of trademarks and/or as part of domain names, in connection
with any product or service in any manner that is likely to cause confusion and
may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior
written permission of the Company.
Use of Site
You represent, warrant and agree
that no materials of any kind submitted through your account or otherwise
posted, transmitted, or shared by you on or through the Service will violate or
infringe upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark,
privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights; or contain
libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material. In addition, you agree not
to use This website to:
a) harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other
users from the Service or the Site by electronic or other means for the
purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications;
b) use the Service or the Site in any unlawful manner or in any other manner
that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the Site;
c) use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with
the Service or the Site;
d) upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available any content
that we deem to be harmful, threatening, unlawful, defamatory, infringing,
abusive, inflammatory, harassing, vulgar, obscene, fraudulent, invasive of
privacy or publicity rights, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise
objectionable;
e) register for more than one User account, register for a User account on
behalf of an individual other than yourself, or register for a User account on
behalf of any group or entity;
f) impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent
yourself, your age or your affiliation with any person or entity;
g) upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make publicly available on
the Site any private information of any third party, including, addresses,
phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card
numbers;
h) solicit personal information from anyone under 18 or solicit passwords or
personally identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes;
i) upload, post, transmit, share or otherwise make available any material that
contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs
designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer
software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
j) intimidate or harass another user;
k) upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available content that
would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense,
violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or
violate any local, state, national or international law;
l) use or attempt to use another's account, service or system without
authorization from the Company, or create a false identity on the Service or
the Site;
m) upload, post, transmit, share, store or otherwise make available content
that, in the sole judgment of Company, is objectionable or which restricts or
inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Site, or which may expose
Company or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
You acknowledge and agree that we
may send you important information and notices regarding the Service by email
or through other means, including mobile or other hand held devices. You
acknowledge and agree that we shall have no liability associated with or arising
from your failure to maintain accurate contact or other information, including,
but not limited to, your failure to receive critical information about the
Service.
You acknowledge, consent and agree
that we may access, preserve, and disclose your registration and any other
information you provide if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief
that such access preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a)
comply with legal process; (b) enforce this Agreement; (c) respond to claims of
a violation of the rights of third-parties; (d) respond to your requests for
customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of this
website, the websites affiliates, users and the public.
You are solely responsible for your
interactions with other members. This website reserves the right, but has no
obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other members and to terminate
or suspend your account if This website determines, in its sole discretion,
that doing so is prudent.
User Content Posted on the Site
You are solely responsible for
information and content that you upload, publish or display (hereinafter,
"post") on or through This website, or transmit to or share with
other users (collectively the "User Content"). You may not post,
transmit, or share User Content on the Site or Service that you did not create
or that you do not have permission to post. You understand and agree that the
Company may, but is not obligated to, review the Site and may delete or remove
(without notice) any User Content in its sole discretion, for any reason or no
reason, including User Content that in the sole judgment of the Company
violates this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might
violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of users or others. You are
solely responsible at your sole cost and expense for creating backup copies and
replacing any User Content you post or store on the Site or provide to the Company.
When you post User Content to the
Site, you authorize and direct us to make such copies thereof as we deem
necessary in order to facilitate the posting and storage of the User Content on
the Site or networks affiliated with the Company. By posting User Content to
any part of  this website, you
automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to
grant, to the Company an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable,
fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy,
publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or
in part) and distribute such User Content for any purpose, commercial,
advertising, or otherwise, on or in connection with this website or the
promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other
works, such User Content, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the
foregoing. You may remove your User Content from the Site at any time. If you
choose to remove your User Content you acknowledge that the Company may retain
archived copies of your User Content.
It is hereby specifically
acknowledged by the user that this website is a social network and does not
provide any assurances as to the accuracy of any information posted by its
users. Moreover, Sales Spider is not liable for the accuracy or content of the
information that is provided by this website or its or users. Any information
obtained from this website or its users, is to be used exclusively at the
recipient's own risk. Without limiting the generality of the above this website
provides no assurances or warranties in respect to the use of or reliance upon
any information that this website or its users provide. By furnishing
information, this website does not grant any licenses, copyrights, patents or
any other intellectual property rights. Any product or service is obtained from
this website is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties
whatsoever, express or implied, and the use of that product or service is at
your own risk. This website is also not responsible in law for any comments or
opinions expressed by any of its users at the website. This Website may contain
other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be
observed and followed. Information on this Web site may contain technical
inaccuracies or typographical errors. This website may make improvements and/or
changes in the products and information without notice. This website
specifically reserves the right to cancel a user's membership or restrict the
use of the site by any user in its sole discretion and without cause.
Global Availability
Information published by this
website on the World Wide Web may contain references or cross references to This
website products, programs or services that may not be available in your
country. Such references do not imply that This website intends to announce
such products, programs or services in your country or that such products or
services will ever be available in your country.
European union residents, as per the general data privacy
regulations
For European Union residents only, as per the General Data
Privacy Regulation (GDPR) your information will be stored for as long as your
account exists which is determined by you. You can request removal at anytime
by visiting our information
removal page
Links
This website makes no
representations whatsoever about any other Web site which you may link or
access through from this website. When you access a non-SaleSpider Media Inc website,
even one that may contain the SaleSpider Media Inc logo, it is independent from
SaleSpider Media Inc and we has no control over the content of that website.
Any link to a non- SaleSpider Media Inc website is not an indication that SaleSpider
Media Inc. endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or the use of
such website. SaleSpider Media Inc. does not warranty the safe use of any site
which is linked to or accessible from this website .The user acknowledges that
they must take adequate precautions to ensure that any links, programs or
websites accessed from or at this website is free of viruses, worms, trojan
horses or anything which may be harmful to your security or your computer.
Third Party Sites and Third Party
Applications, Software or Content are not investigated, monitored or checked
for accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by us, and we are not
responsible for any Third Party Sites accessed through the Site or any Third
Party Applications, Software or Content posted on, available through or
installed from the Site, including the content, accuracy, offensiveness,
opinions, reliability, privacy practices or other policies of or contained in
the Third Party Sites or the Third Party Applications, Software or Content.
Inclusion of, linking to or permitting the use or installation of any Third
Party Site or any Third Party Applications, Software or Content does not imply
approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to leave the Site and
access the Third Party Sites or to use or install any Third Party Applications,
Software or Content, you do so at your own risk and you should be aware that
our terms and policies no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms
and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices, of any site to
which you navigate from the Site or relating to any applications you use or
install from the site.
SaleSpider Media Inc. does not
assume any responsibility for the infringement of or conflict with any other
agreements to which the user may be a party. SaleSpider Media Inc. is not
liable and shall be held harmless to the extent that the use of this website
may be in conflict with or an infringement of any other agreements to which the
user may be a party. The user has agreed to the terms of this agreement and the
use of this website without any inducement from this website  whatsoever. The user agrees to hold harmless
and indemnify SaleSpider Media Inc. from any claims that SaleSpider Media Inc.
may have induced the user to use the services provided by this website and the
user assumes full responsibility and any liability which may arise due to any
use of this website which may be in conflict with or an infringement of any
other agreements which the user may be a party to.
User Disputes
You are solely responsible for your
interactions with other users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to
monitor disputes between you and other users.
Disclaimers
The Company is not responsible or
liable in any manner for any User Content or Third Party Applications, Software
or Content posted on the Site or in connection with this website, whether
posted or caused by users of the Site, by SaleSpider Media Inc., by third
parties or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized
by this website.
SaleSpider Media Inc. does not
control and are not responsible for what users post, transmit or share on the this
website and are not responsible for any offensive, inappropriate, obscene,
unlawful or otherwise objectionable content you may encounter on this website
or in connection with any User Content or Third Party Applications, Software or
Content. The Company is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or
offline, of any user of the Site or Service.
The Site and the Service may be
temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons.
Company assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption,
deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line
failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, User
communications. The Company is not responsible for any technical malfunction or
other problems of any telephone network or service, computer systems, servers
or providers, computer or mobile phone equipment, software, failure of email or
players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet
or at any Site or combination thereof, including injury or damage to User's or
to any other person's computer, mobile phone, or other hardware or software,
related to or resulting from using or downloading materials in connection with
the Web and/or in connection with the Service, including any Mobile Client
software.Under no circumstances will the Company be responsible for any loss or
damage, including any loss or damage to any User Content or personal injury or
death, resulting from anyone's use of the Site or the Service, any User Content
or Third Party Applications, Software or Content posted on or through the Site
or the Service or transmitted to Users, or any interactions between users of
the Site, whether online or offline.
SaleSpider Media Inc. is not
responsible, and makes no representations or warranties for the delivery of any
messages , content of sales leads, business leads or other user generated
content (such as messages, posting of answers or transmission of any other user
generated content) sent through linked in to anyone. In addition, we neither
warrant nor represent that your use of the service will not infringe the rights
of third parties. Any material, service, or technology described or used on the
website may be subject to intellectual property rights owned by third parties
who have licensed to us such material, service, or technology.
SaleSpider Media Inc. does not have
any obligation to verify the identity of the persons subscribing to its
services, nor does it have any obligation to monitor the use of its services by
other users of the community; therefore, SaleSpider Media Inc. declines all
liability for identity theft or any other misuse of your identity or
information.
THE SITE, THE SERVICE ,ANY PLATFORM
APPLICATIONS AND THE SITE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND THE
COMPANY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE COMPANY CANNOT GUARANTEE AND DOES
NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE SERVICE AND/OR
ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS. COMPANY DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT SOFTWARE,
CONTENT OR MATERIALS ON THE SITE, THE SERVICE OR ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS ARE
ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITE OR SERVICE
ITS SERVERS, OR ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL
COMPONENTS. THEREFORE, YOU SHOULD EXERCISE CAUTION IN THE USE AND DOWNLOADING
OF ANY SUCH SOFTWARE, CONTENT OR MATERIALS AND USE INDUSTRY-RECOGNIZED SOFTWARE
TO DETECT AND DISINFECT VIRUSES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU UNDERSTAND
AND AGREE THAT YOU DOWNLOAD OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN CONTENT, MATERIAL, DATA OR
SOFTWARE (INCLUDING ANY MOBILE CLIENT) FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE AND ANY
PLATFORM APPLICATIONS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE
SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE THEREOF AND ANY DAMAGES TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE
OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, LOSS OF DATA OR OTHER HARM OF ANY KIND THAT MAY RESULT.
The Company reserves the right to
change any and all content, software and other items used or contained in the
Site and any Services and Platform Applications offered through the Site at any
time without notice. Reference to any products, services, processes or other
information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does
not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof, or
any affiliation therewith, by Company.
Limitation on Liability
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND
REPRESENTATIONS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED OR HARMED BY THIS WEBSITE OR ANYTHING RELATED TO SALESPIDER
MEDIA INC. YOU MAY EMAIL SALESPIDER MEDIA INC. AT DEACTIVATE@SALESPIDER.COM TO
DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT AND SUCH TERMINATION SHALL BE YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE
REMEDY.
IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY OR ITS
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PERSON FOR ANY
INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR
THE SERVICE, ANY PLATFORM APPLICATIONS OR ANY OF THE SITE CONTENT OR OTHER
MATERIALS ON, ACCESSED THROUGH OR DOWNLOADED FROM THE SITE, EVEN IF THE COMPANY
IS AWARE OR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, THE COMPANY'S
LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER, AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE
ACTION, WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO
COMPANY FOR THE SERVICE DURING THE TERM OF MEMBERSHIP, BUT IN NO CASE WILL THE
COMPANY'S LIABILITY TO YOU EXCEED $100.00. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE FURTHER THAT IF NO
FEES ARE PAID TO COMPANY THAT YOU SHALL NOT BE ENTITLED TO DAMAGES OF ANY KIND
FROM COMPANY, REGARDLESS OF THE CAUSE OF ACTION.
Return,
Exchange and Refunds
We do not issue refunds for digital
products once the order is confirmed and the product is active. We recommend
contacting us for assistance if you experience any issues activating your
digital product. If you have any questions about our Returns and Refunds
Policy, please contact us: support@salespider.com
Termination
The Company may terminate your
membership, delete your profile and any content or information that you have
posted on the Site or through any Platform Application and/or prohibit you from
using or accessing the Service or the Site or any Platform Application (or any
portion, aspect or feature of the Service or the Site or any Platform
Application) for any reason, or no reason, at any time in its sole discretion,
with or without notice.
Governing Law; Venue and
Jurisdiction
By visiting or using the Site and/or
the Service, you agree that the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada, without
regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms of Use and
any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and the Company or any of
our affiliates. You agree not to commence or prosecute any action in connection
therewith other than in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and you hereby consent to, and
waive all defences of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniences
with respect to, venue and jurisdiction.
In consideration of the mutual
covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the
receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and intending to be
legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:
1. You, and the legal entity to which you represent, if any (collectively referred
to as "you"), agree to be bound by all of the terms of this agreement
including the above and any additional terms.
2. You acknowledge and agree that neither SaleSpider Media Inc. nor any other
person has made any representation to you relating to compensation payable by
SaleSpider Media Inc. to you under this Agreement or for your use of this
website. You further covenant and agree that you will not make any
representations to any other person relating to compensation or commissions
payable by SaleSpider Media Inc. to you under this Agreement or for their use
of this website.
3. You have read and understood these terms of use and agree to be fully bound
by them.
4. You have and will not contravene any non-competition agreement,
non-solicitation agreement, confidentiality agreement, employment agreement or
other agreement with your employer or with any other person to which you are a
party, nor shall you contravene any of the policy or rules of your employer.
5. You have not and will not provide any data, content or information to this
website that infringes any Intellectual Property Right of any other party and
you shall have the sole responsibility for any infringement of any Intellectual
Property Right of any third party in respect of all or any part of the Data.
For the purposes of this Agreement, an "Intellectual Property Right"
includes any right or protection existing from time to time in a specific
jurisdiction, whether registered or not, under any intellectual property law
including patent or invention law, copyright or moral rights law, privacy,
confidential information law, trademark law, or other similar laws and includes
legislation by competent governmental authorities and judicial decisions under
common law or equity.
6. You will not harass another person or interfere with another person's use of
this website.
7. You hereby grant to SaleSpider Media Inc. an irrevocable, non-exclusive,
perpetual, royalty-free and worldwide license to access, reproduce, distribute,
publicly display, and otherwise use the Data and all Intellectual Property
Rights therein for SaleSpider Media Inc's own purposes and for the purposes of
the software system, together with the rights to sublicense such rights to the
Data to other parties who utilize this website.
8. You represent and warrant to SaleSpider Media Inc. and acknowledge that this
website is relying on such representations and warranties that any and all data
inputted by you into the website is either owned by or proprietary to you or
that you have all necessary consents, licenses, rights and waivers, to grant
the license to use the Data and all Intellectual Property Rights therein as set
out above.
9. You hereby consent to the disclosure and use of such Data by SaleSpider
Media Inc.
10. You hereby acknowledge that SaleSpider Media Inc. reserves the right to
refuse membership or terminate membership at its sole discretion.
11. You hereby acknowledge SaleSpider Media Inc. reserves the right to review
and to edit, in whole or in part, any posts submitted by members if, in the
sole discretion of SaleSpider Media Inc, the posting as submitted by the member
is inappropriate , offensive, false or misleading or otherwise fails to meet
the standards of SaleSpider Media Inc. If taxes of any sort (other than taxes
based solely on the net income of SaleSpider Media Inc.), including goods and
services taxes, sales taxes, value added taxes, assessments, charges, levies,
duties and export taxes, are imposed by any taxing authority (including
federal, state, provincial, local or other governmental agencies or bodies), in
respect of any amounts payable hereunder, such taxes shall be paid by, and
shall be the sole responsibility of you.
12. You are responsible for all of your own expenses in connection with your
performance of this Agreement.
13. The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date that you confirm your
acceptance by clicking the "Sign Up Now!" button and shall continue
until terminated by either party. SaleSpider Media Inc. may terminate this
Agreement in its sole discretion, without reason or cause and without notice to
you. Any such termination by SaleSpider Media Inc. shall be in addition to and
without prejudice to such rights and remedies as may be available to SaleSpider
Media Inc. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever, you
shall thereafter refrain from accessing, browsing or otherwise using this
website or Data provided therein. SaleSpider Media Inc. shall not, by reason of
the termination of this Agreement be liable to you for compensation,
reimbursement or damages.
14. You acknowledge that SaleSpider Media Inc. would suffer irreparable harm as
a result of the breach of any of the obligations on your part as set forth in
this agreement and that legal remedies are inadequate; therefore, you agree
that, in addition to any damages and other remedies that SaleSpider Media Inc. may
be entitled to as a result of such a breach, SaleSpider Media Inc. shall be
entitled to seek an order from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining
you from breaching or continuing to breach any of the provisions of these Terms
of Use. The covenants of the parties under this Section shall continue in full force
and effect notwithstanding the termination of this Agreement.
15. You agree not to furnish any person, user or entity any warranties,
undertakings or guarantees of any nature whatsoever which may involve the
responsibility or liability of SaleSpider Media Inc. This Agreement does not
and shall not be construed to create any partnership or agency whatsoever as
between you and SaleSpider Media Inc.
16. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if by reason of
Force Majeure, either party is wholly or partly unable to perform certain of
its obligations under this Agreement, it shall be relieved of those obligations
to the extent, and for the period, that it is affected by Force Majeure,
provided that the affected party gives the other party prompt notice of such
inability and nature, cause and expected duration of the Force Majeure. For the
purposes of this Agreement, "Force Majeure" means an event, the cause
of which is beyond the reasonable control of the party affected thereby and
which could not reasonably have been foreseen and provided against.
17. Any claim, dispute, or controversy of whatever nature arising out of or
relating to this Agreement and any of the documents contemplated by or
delivered under or in connection with this Agreement shall be governed by and
construed under the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada without giving
effect to any choice of law principles that would require the application of
the laws of a different state and or province, and shall be brought exclusively
in a court of competent jurisdiction, federal or state or provincial, located
with the Province of Ontario, City of Toronto. The parties hereby consent to
personal jurisdiction and venue in, and agree to services of process issued or
authorized by, such court.
18. This Agreement (including the documents and instruments referred to herein
or therein and the schedules and exhibits hereto or thereto) constitutes the
entirety of the agreement between SaleSpider Media Inc. and the user and supersedes
all prior representations, arrangements, negotiations, understandings and
agreements, if any , between the parties.
19. You agree that SaleSpider Media Inc. may change, amend or replace all or
any part of this Agreement at any time, that such changes, amendments or
replacements shall be effective as of the time of posting of the changes,
amendments or replacements to the website. SaleSpider Media Inc. will provide
notice on the website of any material changes made to this Agreement and your continued
use of this website after the time of posting of such notice will constitute
evidence of your acceptance of the changed, amended or replaced Agreement.
Otherwise, no change, modification, extension, termination, waiver or other
amendment of this Agreement or any of the provisions contained herein, shall be
valid unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of
each party. No waiver of any term, provision, or condition of this Agreement,
whether by conduct or otherwise, in any one or more instances, shall be deemed
to be construed as a further or continuing waiver of any such term, provision,
or condition of this Agreement unless reduced to writing signed by an
authorized representative of each party.
20. Time is of the essence.
21. You shall not assign this Agreement in whole or in part without SaleSpider
Media Inc's approval. Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, SaleSpider
Media Inc. may assign its interest in this Agreement to an affiliate of SaleSpider
Media Inc. or to any entity with which it may merge or consolidate or which
acquires substantially all of its business. This Agreement shall inure to the
benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns.
22. Notices shall be delivered to SaleSpider Media Inc. at 101 Duncan Mill,
Suite 405, Toronto, Ontario, M3B 1Z3. SaleSpider Media Inc. may provide you
notice or change its address for purposes of this Agreement by posting its
address at this website. You shall be solely responsible for ensuring that SaleSpider
Media Inc is provided with your current address from time to time and SaleSpider
Media Inc. may rely on the last address provided by you to SaleSpider Media
Inc. for such purposes. For clarity, written notice shall include notice by
e-mail or other electronic means.
23. The failure of Company to exercise or enforce any right or provision of
these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision in
that or any other instance. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid,
the remainder of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. If any
provision of these Terms of Use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these
Terms of Use and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties
hereto have agreed to be bound by this Agreement effective as at the date that
you confirm your acceptance by checking the "I AGREE" checkbox.
IMPORTANT: BY CHECKING THE "I HAVE READ AND
AGREE TO THE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY" BOX AND CONFIRMING YOUR
ACCEPTANCE BY CLICKING THE "SIGN UP NOW!"OR "SIGN UP FOR
FREE"BUTTON, YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF
THIS AGREEMENT, THE SALESPIDER MEDIA INC. PRIVACY POLICY AND THE SALESPIDER MEDIA
INC. CODE OF CONDUCT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS
AGREEMENT, THE SALE SPIDER PRIVACY POLICY OR WITH THE SALESPIDER MEDIA INC. CODE
OF CONDUCT, DO NOT CHECK THE "I HAVE READ AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF USE
AND PRIVACY POLICY" BOX, DO NOT CONFIRM YOUR ACCEPTANCE BY CLICKING THE
"SIGN UP NOW!" BUTTON AND DO NOT ACCESS, BROWSE OR OTHERWISE USE THE
WWW.SALESPIDER.COM WEBSITE AND ITS SUB SITES (THE "WEBSITE") OR
INFORMATION, MATERIAL, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED THEREIN. YOU AGREE THAT
YOUR ACCESSING, BROWSING OR OTHER USE OF THE WEBSITE CONSTITUTES CONCLUSIVE EVIDENCE
OF YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, THIS
WEBSITES PRIVACY POLICY AND THE SALESPIDER MEDIA INC'S CODE OF CONDUCT. THIS
AGREEMENT IS BETWEEN YOU, THE LEGAL ENTITY WHICH YOU REPRESENT, IF ANY (HEREIN
COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "YOU"), AND SALESPIDERMEDIA INC. AND IS
EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE THAT YOU CONFIRM YOUR ACCEPTANCE BY CHECKING THE
"I AGREE" CHECKBOX. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT NEITHER SALESPIDER
MEDIA INC. NOR ANY OTHER PERSON HAS MADE ANY REPRESENTATION TO YOU RELATING TO
COMPENSATION PAYABLE BY SALESPIDER MEDIA INC. TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR
FOR YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THIS WEBSITE YOU FURTHER COVENANT AND AGREE THAT YOU
WILL NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS TO ANY OTHER PERSON RELATING TO COMPENSATION
OR COMMISSIONS PAYABLE BY SALESPIDER MEDIA INC. TO YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR
FOR THEIR PARTICIPATION IN THIS WEBSITE.
About Us
|
Advertise
|
Contact Us
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy
Advertising Privacy Policy
|
Code of Conduct
|
Site Map
|
Partner Offers
List My Business
|
Opt-Out & Remove My Information
|
Top 10 Best
A Division of SaleSpider Media. © 2020 SaleSpider Media Inc.
DISCLOSURE: We may earn a commission when you use one of our coupons/links to make a purchase.