http://www.acerecords.co.uk/pages/terms
Terms & Conditions Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms and Conditions of use, which together with our Privacy Policy govern Ace Records relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions, please do not use our website. The term ‘Ace Records’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 42-50 Steele Road, London, NW10 7AS, UK. Our company registration number is 01568303 and is registered in England. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
General:
Acceptance of our Privacy Policy & Cookies Statement available here.
That any personal information you provide us will be accurate and true.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only.
You will keep any login information such as user id and/or passwords confidential and that we shall not be liable should you suffer any loss on account of there being any unauthorized use of these details due to you not keeping this information safe.
We may alter, add or amend these Terms & Conditions at any time without notice. You are responsible for regularly checking these Terms & Conditions and keeping up to date with any changes.
You agree to indemnify us against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including legal fees) that we may incur as a result of you not abiding by these Terms & Conditions.
The structure, content or features offered on the website are subject to constant change.
You shall not use or interact with the website for any immoral or illegal reasons including but not limited to the any action that may limit the performance of the website.
You agree that the copyright of any content (including images and audio) resides with us or our licensors.
You are not permitted to use any content supplied to you by us (such as music downloads or images) for anything other than personal non-commercial use. You may not copy, distribute, sell or transmit the content without prior permission from us. Furthermore we cannot guarantee that any such content is free from any possible corruption including but not limited to viruses. Although we will use our best endeavors to ensure any content supplied is free from any such corruption, we disclaim any liability from the consequences of you accessing such content and you do so at your own risk.
Nothing contained herein shall affect your consumer rights under English law.
The site may make reference to or include links to external web sites. We are in no way liable for the accuracy or authenticity of the information these sites may include. Should you choose to access these sites you shall do so at your own risk.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, please review our Privacy Policy & Cookies Statement here.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Purchasing products:
To purchase from the web site you must be 18 years of age.
When purchasing products from us, you shall be required to enter your name, address, telephone number, payment method (including all card/payment details) and any other information that we may request from time to time. You give this information at your own risk.
Your contract for any purchases is with Bus Stop Mail Order Ltd for physical products (including but not limited to CDs, LPs and T-Shirts) and Ace Records Ltd for music downloads.
No contract shall exist between us until you we have received your order via our website and have sent you a ‘confirmation of order’ e-mail to the address you provided (whether or not you actually receive the e-mail). Please note: All orders are subject to stock availability and other issues that may change from time to time. We are under no obligation to accept any order and shall notify you should we not be able to accept your order.
We accept the following payment methods: PayPal, Visa Credit, Visa Debit, Mastercard, Maestro, Visa Electron and JCB. Should your card or PayPal details not be accepted, your order will not be confirmed. In this case you should check you have entered the details correctly or try another payment method.
The price you will be charged for a product will be the price listed on the website at the time of purchase. We retain the right to change the price of any product at any time. You shall not be entitled to any refund should the price of any product decrease after your purchase. The above does not affect your legal or statutory rights.
In as much as you are permitted to do so by law, you shall be allowed to burn music downloads purchased from us onto CD or to transfer such downloads to a portable music player providing any such burn or transfer shall be for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You confirm that any payment details supplied to us by you are true and accurate and that you are the card holder or (Pay Pal account owner).
For orders delivered within the European Union, Ace Records will take full responsibility for any customs duties or sales tax charges and indemnify you from any such charges. For physical orders to be delivered outside the European Union, you agree to pay any applicable sales tax or customs duties or charges levied by your government or local customs/tax office and indemnify Ace Records Limited from such charges. In the event that you are unwilling or unable to pay these charges: i) For Royal Mail air mail orders, we will allow the return of the parcel at your expense and, we will credit or refund you for the value of your order excluding postage and any applicable insurance or other surcharges. ii) For FedEx orders, tax and duty must be paid regardless of successful delivery and we will only allow the return of the parcel if you agree that any refund provided for a return excludes postage, FedEx return shipping costs, tax and duty charges, and any applicable insurance or other surcharges. In the event that the value of the items on your order are insufficient to cover these costs, you agree to provide further payment by credit/debit card or PayPal.
You may cancel your physical product order at any time prior to your order being dispatched by emailing us at orderenquiry@acerecords.com ensuring that you quote your name, address and order reference number or by telephoning +44 (0) 208 453 1311 between 9am and 5pm GMT/BST, Monday to Friday. Please note: As music downloads are dispatched immediately after purchase, there is no possibility of cancelling these orders.ReturnsIn the event that any products supplied to you by us are damaged or defective, we agree to replace or repair the damaged or defective products or refund the amount you paid for such goods (including postage & packaging) providing you notify us (either via post at or e-mail: orders@acerecords.com) and return such goods within 28 days of purchase. Physical goods (including but not limited to CDs and T-shirts) are to be sent back to us in the same condition you received them to “Returns” Bus Stop Mailorder Ltd, 42-50 Steele Road, London, NW107AS (Please include a copy of your notification to us of such damaged or defective goods). Music downloads should be returned to us via the e-mail address above including a copy of your notification.In the event we accidentally send you the incorrect products we will refund you the cost of any such products including the extra Postage & Packaging you may have been charged at the time of dispatch after you a) notify us via post or e-mail of any such error b) return such products to us. Please see the first paragraph in the “Returns” section for details of our address and e-mail. If no such additional postage was charged then none will be due to you.In the event that you incorrectly ordered the wrong products, we will refund you the cost of the products once you have a) notified us via post or e-mail b) returned such products to us. Please see the first paragraph in the “Returns” section for details of our address and e-mail
You have the right to cancel your order within seven days of purchase, or seven days of receipt of the goods (whichever is the longer). If you choose to cancel your order, full payment will be returned to you. Returned items should be sent to: “Returns” c/o Bus Stop Mail Order Ltd, 42-50 Steele Road, London, NW10 7AS. Music downloads should be returned to us via the email address: orders@acerecords.com including a copy of your notice of cancellation and order number.
Please note our website uses cookies to improve your experience.
I understand.
For more information see our Privacy Notice & Cookie Policy.
Customer services
FAQs
Delivery and Returns
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookies
Music
Artists
Labels
Genre
Releases by month
About
History
Staff profiles
Contact us
Newsletter
Company information
Business
Royalties
Licensing
Catalogue
© Ace records 2012-2017