http://www.dellsbank.com/privacy-and-security
Privacy & Security :: Bank of Wisconsin Dells
Skip Navigation
PDF files require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view. Download it now.
Bank of Wisconsin Dells
Chat
Online Banking
Choose online banking form
Personal Online
Business Online
Personal Online Banking
Access ID
Password
Login
Business Online Banking
Access ID
Login
Menu (toggle button)
|
Menu (text toggle)
Personal
Checking
Savings
CDs / IRAs
HSAs
Loans
Card Products
Electronic Services
Reorder Checks
Business
Business Accounts
Commercial Lending
Electronic Services
Non-Profit
Mortgage Center
Investments
BWD Wealth Management
Resources
Education Center
Financial Calculators
Applications & Forms
Identity Theft
Helpful Links
About Us
110 Year Anniversary
Locations & Hours
Officers & Directors
BWD Newsletters
Press Releases
Employment Opportunities
Contact Us
Online Banking
Choose mobile online banking form
Retail Online
Business Online
Personal Online Banking (mobile)
Access ID
Password
Login
Business Online Banking (mobile)
Access ID
Login
Privacy & Security
The Bank of Wisconsin Dells is committed to protecting your financial information and keeping your personal information secure and confidential. We continually review and evaluate our policies and procedures to ensure that your information is protected. As a customer you can help protect your account by monitoring your transactions and by staying informed about potential threats to your privacy and financial security. If you notice suspicious activity on your account or are a victim of a security related event, call a personal banker at 608-253-1111.
IMPORTANT:
The Bank of Wisconsin Dells will not ask for non-public information such as account numbers or social security numbers through unsolicited emails or phone calls. If you should receive a suspicious email or phone call, please do not provide any information. Contact bank personnel at 608-253-1111 to inform them of the incident.
Privacy Policy - Bank of Wisconsin Dells policy regarding the collection and use of your personal information.
Review Account Statements  - Identify unauthorized transactions.
Check Your Credit - Ensure identity thieves have not created accounts in your name or the name of a family member.
Phishing, Vishing & Pharming - Fraud methods used to obtain your non-public information.
Protect Your Internet Access Devices - Secure your device and protect yourself from hackers, scammers, and identity thieves.
Security Tips & Inf o- Monthly security tips .
Review Account Statements
It is good practice to periodically review credit card, bank and other financial account statements for unauthorized account activity. Immediately report any unauthorized activity to the financial institution in order to limit your liability.
Back to top
Check Your Credit
The Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA) requires each of the nationwide credit reporting companies — Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion — to provide you with a free copy of your credit report, at your request, once every 12 months.
A credit report includes information on where you live, how you pay your bills, and whether you’ve been sued or have filed for bankruptcy. Nationwide credit reporting companies sell the information in your report to creditors, insurers, employers, and other businesses that use it to evaluate your applications for credit, insurance, employment, or renting a home.
It is important to review your report to make sure the information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date and to guard against identity theft. Go to http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0155-free-credit-reports for more information.
Back to top
Phishing, Vishing & Pharming
(Wikipedia definitions)
Phishing
Phishing is the attempt to acquire sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, and credit card details (and sometimes, indirectly, money) by masquerading as a trustworthy entity in an electronic communication.
Communications purporting to be from popular social websites, auction sites, banks, online payment processors or IT administrators are commonly used to lure unsuspecting public. Phishing emails may contain links to websites that are infected with malware. Phishing is typically carried out by email spoofing or instant messaging, and it often directs users to enter details at a fake website whose look and feel are almost identical to the legitimate one. Phishing is an example of social engineering techniques used to deceive users, and exploits the poor usability of current web security technologies.
Phishing is a continual threat that keeps growing. The risk grows even larger in social media such as Facebook, Twitter, Myspace etc. Hackers commonly use these sites to attack persons using these media sites in their workplace, homes, or public in order to take personal and security information that can affect the user and the company (if in a workplace environment) .
Phishing is used to portray trust in the user since you can usually not tell that the site or program being visited/used is not real, and when this occurs is when the hacker has the chance to access the personal information such as passwords, usernames, security codes, and credit card numbers among other things.
Vishing
Vishing or voice phishing is the criminal practice of using social engineering over the telephone system to gain access to private personal and financial information from the public for the purpose of financial reward. Vishing exploits the public's trust in landline telephone services. Vishing is typically used to steal credit card numbers or other information used in identity theft schemes from individuals.
Vishing is difficult for legal authorities to monitor or trace. To protect themselves, consumers are advised to be highly suspicious when receiving messages directing them to call and provide credit card or bank numbers. When in doubt, calling a company's telephone number listed on billing statements or other official sources is recommended as opposed to calling numbers received from messages or callers of dubious authenticity.
Pharming
Pharming is a cyber-attack intended to redirect a website's traffic to another bogus/fraudulent site. Pharming is used to gain information for online identity theft. Antivirus software and spyware removal software cannot protect against pharming.
When entering your IDs and passwords on a website, it is recommended that you take notice of the web address to ensure its accuracy. If you notice something suspicious about a trusted website, report it by telephone to the business.
Back to top
Protect Your Internet Access Devices
No matter what device you use to access your accounts, it needs to be protected using antivirus software, firewalls and encryption services. Keep all software and browsers up to date. Check for and install all security patches available from the developer of your operating system. Run antivirus against incoming emails and update the virus definitions regularly. Set up a firewall to prevent intruders from gaining access to your device.
In addition to software, you should choose strong passwords which include upper and lower case letters and special characters to protect your accounts. When creating a password do not use personal information, do not use the same password for multiple sites and do not allow passwords to be saved. Also do not trust public computers to access secure accounts as they can be configured to remember passwords.
Back to top
Leave me blank for Newsletter.
Sign up for our e-Newsletter
First Name*
Last Name*
Email Address*
Sign Up
Wait: content loading
Sorry, there was an error submitting the form.
Weather
×
I am sorry, an error has occurred.
Now
Search location
FIND
Select location
°F
°C
OK
Cancel
No results were found. Try again.
Stocks
×
I am sorry, an error has occurred.
Symbol
Price
Change
Add a Stock
Add a Stock
×
Symbol or Name
Find
Company
Add
No results were found. Try again.
This stock is already in the list.
News
×
I am sorry, an error has occurred.
Lost or Stolen Card
×
Lost or Stolen Card
If your Debit or ATM card is lost/stolen during normal business hours, contact the Bank of Wisconsin Dells at 608-253-1111.
After normal business hours, contact
Shazam at 1-800-383-8000.
Search
×
Enter search terms
To The Top
Home
Privacy & Security
Disclosures
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Community Bank of Portage
©  Bank of Wisconsin Dells