http://www.athlegen.com.au/privacy
Privacy Policy
The information that is collected
This
notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this
website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and
register to receive materials. The types of personal information
collected at these pages are:
Name
Email address
Address
Credit/Debit Card Information (Credit Transactions by Paymate and Paypal)
Feedback
On
some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example,
if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient,
you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance,
the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
The way the information is utilized
The
information you provide about yourself when placing an order is needed
to complete your order. The information is used to verify your identity.
This information is used to process your credit card information. We
use the information to process and ship your order. We use the
information to track your order when needed. We do not share this
information with outside parties except to delivery service companies,
credit card processing agencies and banks, and other companies as
required or allowed by law. The information may be shared with firms
including accountants, lawyers, government agencies and other parties as
may be required or allowed by law. The information may be used by
leased personnel or seasonal staffing companies and their personnel to
process your order. The information may be used by contracted warehouses
and freight lines necessary to fulfill your order in a timely manner.
We
use the information you provide about someone else when placing an
order to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this
information with outside parties except to the extent as described
above.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product
you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a
gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the
person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to
answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other
purpose except to provide you with information we feel would be of
interest to you and are shared with other parties, including internet
companies which are necessary to use in order to transmit e-mails, to
send you this information.
We may use non-identifying and
aggregate information to better design our website and to share with
advertisers and others. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X
number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y
number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form.
Finally,
we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided
to us online in ways related or unrelated to the ones described above
without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise
prohibit such uses. Our commitment to data security
To prevent
unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use
of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic,
and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we
collect online.How you can access or correct information
You can
access all your personally identifiable information that we collect
online and maintain by saving your email confirmations and/or writing to
us. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before making corrections.
Privacy notice revision
To
be able to continue to protect your privacy and to conform to changing
generally accepted practices we reserve the right to change this privacy
notice. We may need to change our notice to comply with future
government regulations which are constantly changing as the internet
evolves.
Athlegen, Azima and Centurion are divisions of Alevo PTY. LTD.
Customer Feedback
“I love my table and I am very happy that I chose the Athlegen Access table all those years ago. I have definitely got my money’s worth and I have no intention of changing tables.”~ Catherine Tiney (Massage Therapist & Owner/Manager Sydney Essential Health). 2010
Back to Top