https://www.pmkb.com/index.php?page=privacy
Project Management Knowledge Base
Privacy Policy
User Name
Remember Me?
Password
Home Project Management Forum Project Management News Register Mark Forums Read
» Navigation Menu
Main Features
Home
Forum
News
Event Calendar
Reference
About This Site
Getting Started
Best Forum Threads
Bookmark
Add to Favorites
» Privacy Policy
Why A Privacy Policy?
We respect your individual privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy, which embodies our commitment to the protection of your privacy through adherence to fair electronic information practices. This Privacy Policy puts you, the individual, in control of how your personal information is processed, and you have our promise that we will not electronically process your personal information in any way that is incompatible with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy protects your privacy by informing you about the types of personal information the Project Management Knowledge Base (PMKB) collects about you through its Web site;how it collects that information; the general purposes for which it collects such information; the types of organisations to which it discloses the information; the choices and means by which individuals may limit its use and disclosure.
This site contains links to other sites. The PMKB is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. The following privacy policy discloses information gathering and dissemination practices only for the website: pmkb.com.
Personal Information Collected
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to help us to gather demographic information, but does not reveal your individual identity. We may also use information gathered from IP addresses to statistically analyze site usage, and to improve our marketing, content, and promotional efforts.
Occasionally, our site's forms require visitors to give us contact information (like their name and email address).
What Your Personal Information is Used For.
Cookies - Our site makes use of cookies. They are used to facilitate a logged in status for the discussion forum.
If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Forum Registration - The forum registration requires some personal information, including a valid email address, to help protect the integrity of the forum user database and assist members who have lost their passwords.
Visitors who register for the forums have options within the forum's User Control Panel to determine whether or not email addresses may be disclosed to other forum members or the public.
Disclosure is disabled by default ensuring that email addresses remain private unless specifically enabled by the member.
Promotional Information - Where allowed by the visitor, we may use the visitor's contact details to send the visitor information and promotional material regarding our website, as well as information and promotional material from other selected, trusted, and relevant organizations. Promotional material from other organizations will be reviewed by us for its relevance to our visitors, and, if approved, will be issued by us. At no stage, will promotional partners be provided access to the contact details of our visitors. Visitors are able to choose, at any time, not to receive promotional information by declining administration email from the forum's User Control Panel Options menu.
With Whom We May Share Information
At no stage will we disclose any visitor's personal or contact information to any third party without their direct and express with the following exceptions.
PMKB will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on PMKB, Protect and defend the rights or property of the PMKB site and related properties, or visitors to the PMKB site and related properties,
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the PMKB legal notice and Web site User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing the PMKB site or its related properties, Fulfill a user's order or request.
PMKB uses reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. PMKB reserves the right to transfer all such information in connection with the sale of all or part of PMKB's assets. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.
Staff Accountability
Only those PMKB staff members that have a legitimate business purpose for accessing and handling personal information obtained by us are given authorisation to do so. The unauthorised access or use of such information by a PMKB staff member is prohibited and constitutes grounds for disciplinary action.
Additionally, our information management systems are configured in such a way as to block or inhibit employees from accessing information that they have no authority to access.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the PMKB site, you consent to the collection and use of information by PMKB as specified above. We reserve the right to modify this policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Please send any questions about PMKB's Privacy Policy to: privacy@pmkb.com
Powered by vBadvanced CMPS v3.2.1
All times are GMT -5. The time now is 08:39 AM.
Contact Us -
Project Management Knowledge Base -
Sitemap -
Privacy Statement -
Top
Powered by: vBulletin - Copyright ©2000 - 2020, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd.
Content Relevant URLs by vBSEO ©2009, Crawlability, Inc.
Copyright (c) 2005 Measuring Up.
All rights reserved.