http://www.heidemariephoto.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Portfolio
Main Menu
Portfolio
Business
Commercial
Events
Family
Kids & Babies
Passport & ID
Restoration
Weddings
Testimonials
About
Main Menu
About
About Us
Why Choose Us?
Clients
Contact
Resources
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: December 11, 2019
Photographic Images, LLC is a photography studio located in Englewood, FL.
Questions, Concerns, or Changes to Your Personal Information?
Please contact us.
Photographic Images, LLC
7233 Summer Street
Englewood, FL 34224
Tel: 941.474.5148
Email: heidi@heidemariephoto.com
This Privacy Policy is in regards to the website:
https://www.heidemariephoto.com
Personal Information
We collect, process and/or store information from you on our website when you:
visit our website
We may hold onto your information until we receive a request for erasure, at which point we will delete or anonymize your information. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you want to edit your data, be removed from our records or request a record of the data we have about you, please call us at 941.474.5148 or email us at heidi@heidemariephoto.com.
Visits to Our Website
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website www.capehazeconveniencestore.com is like millions of other websites using Google Analytics to gather information about site visitors and their behavior. We use Google Analytics to get an idea for:
how many visits our website gets
how visitors found our website
in which content they are interested
how long they stay on our website and on each individual page
what region they are from
what type of computer hardware and internet software they are using
and similar details
However, we do not send any of your personal information to Google Analytics. The collected information is used only for statistics, which help us evaluate our website’s performance. User-level and event-level data stored by Google Analytics is set to be automatically deleted from Google’s servers after 26 months.
Furthermore, to protect our visitors’ privacy we request that Google anonymize each visitor’s IP address.
To opt-out of Google Analytics completely, install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Other 3rd Party Providers that Store and Process Your Data
Our website is hosted through Lemon Bay Computer Service. Lemon Bay Computer Service holds a server log of all website visits to help with security and diagnostics. The server log contains the visitor’s IP address but no personally identifying information like name, phone number or email address.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.
You can delete or disable cookies by using your browser. In Chrome you can delete your cookies by clicking on the three vertical dots in the top right corner, then clicking on “More tools” and then on “Clear browsing data…”. The operation is similar in other browsers, such as Edge or Firefox.
Google Analytics’ (see description above) core functionalities store 1st party cookies in each visitor’s browser.
Content Hosted by Third Parties
We may embed content on our website from third parties such as Google Maps, Vimeo and YouTube. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
However, since this embedded content is not hosted by our web host, we do not have control of the cookies they use or what personal information they collect. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to them. Please see the third parties’ privacy policies for more information.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, as soon as they are posted on this page.
Complaints
Please also call us at 941.474.5148 or email us at heidi@heidemariephoto.com with any complaints regarding your personal data. We will take your complaint seriously, investigate it and take necessary measures where applicable. This does not affect your right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.