http://www.libertyelevator.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Products & Services
Virus Protection Solutions
Repair & Maintenance
Installation
Modernization
Custom Elevators
Retail & Property Management Partners
Portfolio
Careers
Why Liberty
Opportunities
Contact Us
Contact Us
24 Hour Support
Blog
About Us
Search
Privacy Policy
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PRIVACY STATEMENT AND DISCLAIMER NOTICE
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Liberty Elevator Corporation is the sole owner of the information collected on www.libertyelevator.com. Liberty Elevator collects information from our users at several different points on our website through cookies, log files, and/or third parties to create a profile of our users. To protect your privacy, Liberty Elevator does not sell or trade personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily provide in any registration or contest submission. This personal information is used to better understand visitors’ use of the Liberty elevator site, which helps us provide stronger content and functionality appropriate to visitors’ needs. We do not share your profile with other parties.
LOG FILES
Like most standard website servers, we use log files. This includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
TRACKING CLICKED LINKS
In order to create a better electronic community, we track patterns of use in the emails we send out. We note which links are clicked in our email communications to tell us what areas are of most interest to our opt-in recipients. We may use this information to better personalize the content and promotions that we send you in future mailings. A “referrer” is the information passed along by a Web browser that references the Web URL you linked from and is automatically gathered by our Web server. This information is used to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. You will not be personally identified from this information.
SMART PIXEL OPT OUT STATEMENT
This site is being monitored by one or more third-party monitoring software(s), and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. You may control the data being collected from your visit by visiting www.matchmyip.com through a universal consumer options page located at http://matchmyip.com/T/unsub.html
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE
Members of the site will occasionally receive newsletters, information on services or special deals. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the Opt-Out Policy section. If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users’ privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Opt-Out section.
SECURITY
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. All of our users’ information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. The servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility.
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
OPT-OUT POLICY
Liberty Elevator will use email addresses and other personally identifiable information to contact visitors who communicate with us. For example, we email visitors who provide us with their email addresses for specific purposes such as receiving our email newsletters. After gathering any user information, Liberty Elevator offers users the opportunity to remove their information from our database so as not to receive future communications or to no longer interact with the website until they later chose to. Each email communication always contains instructions on how to discontinue receipt. If a visitor at any time chooses to no longer receive such information and opt-out from any future mailings, they will have the opportunity to do so.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use a users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
WEB LINKING POLICY
Liberty Elevator welcomes links to our site. All external links to Liberty Elevator should be clearly identified. We believe strongly in the utility of hyperlinks, which allow you to point directly to content, whether on the same site or an external site. Please use the headline of the link to which you would like to connect from www.libertyelevator.com.
PLEASE DO NOT
Copy editorial content and paste directly on to your site. Attribute a link on your site to Liberty Elevator and then link to another site. Frame the Liberty Elevator content or otherwise present it as your own. For specific questions regarding brand standards and logo usage, contact libertyelevator@gmail.com
Top