https://www.hollandsnapframe.com/privacy/
Home
Sign inRegister
Phone
Email
Cart
Transportation costs
CATEGORIES :
0050 Covid-19 prevention
0001 Outlet
0100 Aluminium profiles
0200 Plastic products
0300 Lighting products
0400 Illuminated signs and colums
0500 Banner systems
0600 Snap frames
0700 Poster Systems
0800 Bannersystems and Roll-ups
0900 Pavement signs
1000 Exhibition systems
1100 Presentation systems
1200 Showboards and showcases
1300 Signs and poles
1400 Tape and mounting
1500 Traffic Signs
1600 Magnetic products
1700 Cutting materials
1800 Other products
1900 Profiles and parts
2100 Chalk- and whiteboards
3000 Signage
4000 HPX-tape
6000 IKONOS printing media
Privacy- and cookie statement Holland Snap Frame
Holland Snap Frame B.V., hereafter "Holland Snap Frame", established at (3871 MV) Hoevelaken at the address De Wel 12A, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy statement. The data that you provide to Holland Snap Frame Nederland are stored in a file and used for careful customer management and accurate business operations, such as processing orders, customer administration and sending your own commercial offers.
Personal data:
Holland Snap Frame processes your personal data by using our website and our services and / or by providing it to us yourself. The information provided by you will be treated confidentially by Holland Snap Frame, with due observance of the applicable privacy rules and legislation.
Below you will find an overview of the data that Holland Snap Frame processes:
First and last name.
Address data
Phone number
E-mail address
Bank account number
IP address
Other personal data that you actively provide, for example by creating an account on our website, in correspondence and by telephone
Location data
Information about your activities on our website
Internet browser and device type
Special and / or sensitive personal data:
Holland Snap Frame does not intend to collect data about website visitors who are younger than 16 years of age, unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, we cannot check if a visitor is older than 16. We encourage parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about children being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal information about a minor without this consent, please contact us via privacy@Holland Snap Frame.nl and we will delete this information.
Purpose of the processing:
Holland Snap Frame processes your personal data for the following purposes:
Handling your payment
Sending our newsletter, advertising brochures and / or catalogues
You can call or e-mail if necessary to carry out our service
inform you about changes to our services and products
Give you the opportunity to create an account
To deliver goods and services to you or to an address indicated by you
Holland Snap Frame analyses your behaviour on the website in order to improve the website and to tailor the range of products and services to your preferences
Holland Snap Frame also processes personal data if we are legally obliged to do so, such as data that we need for our tax return
Storage period:
Holland Snap Frame does not store your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected. We use the following retention periods for the following (categories) of personal data: Debtors and creditor administration - 7 years (legal term) Customer contact management - 5 years Application procedure - 4 weeks
Sharing personal data with third parties
Holland Snap Frame shares your personal data with various third parties if this is necessary for the execution of the agreement and to comply with any legal obligation. With companies that process your data in our assignment, we conclude a processor agreement to ensure the same level of security and confidentiality of your data. Holland Snap Frame remains responsible for these processing operations. In addition, Holland Snap Frame may provide your personal data to other third parties. We only do this with your explicit consent and / or in case of legal obligations.
Cookies:
Holland Snap Frame uses functional, analytical and tracking cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored in the browser of your computer, tablet or smartphone when you first visit this website. Holland Snap Frame uses cookies with a purely technical functionality. These ensure that the website works properly and that, for example, your preferred settings are remembered. These cookies are also used to make the website work well and to optimize it. In addition, we place cookies that keep track of your browsing habits so that we can offer customized content and advertisements. On your first visit to our website we have already informed you about these cookies and asked permission for their placement. This permission in a cookie is stored on your device and stored for up to 3 months. If this cookie is no longer present, your permission will again be requested.
Holland Snap Frame uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses 'cookies' to help the website analyze how users use the site.
Holland Snap Frame has no control over what Google itself does with the cookies. For more information about this provider and how they deal with cookies, view her privacy statement.
You can opt out of cookies by setting your internet browser so that it does not store cookies anymore. In addition, you can also delete all information previously saved via the settings of your browser. Please bear in mind that our website will no longer work (optimally).
View, modify or delete data:
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by Holland Snap Frame and you have the right to data portability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal information we have in your computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you.
You can send a request for access, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for cancellation of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to privacy@hollandsnapframe.com.
To ensure that the request for access has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your ID with the request. Make your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and citizen service number (BSN) black in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We respond as quickly as possible, but within two weeks, at your request.
Holland Snap Frame also wishes to point out that you have the opportunity to file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
To secure
Holland Snap Frame takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized modification. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of abuse, please contact privacy@hollandsnapframe.com.
If you no longer wish to receive mailings from Holland Snap Frame Netherlands, you can inform Holland Snap Frame in writing or by e-mail privacy@hollandsnapframe.com.
Contact details:
Holland Snap Frame Netherlands B.V., De Wel 12A, 3871 MV Hoevelaken.
Phone number +31332580788 tst. 310
Privacy Officer of Holland Snap Frame B.V.
Mr. F.R. de Jong
Registration number: FG003055
privacy@hollandsnapframe.com
Changes
Holland Snap Frame reserves the right to make changes to this statement. When there are changes, we publish them on our website. It is advisable to consult this statement regularly so that you are aware of these changes. This privacy and cookie statement was last amended on May 25, 2018.