https://www.proexhibits.com/privacy-policy/
XCOVID-19 SOLUTIONS
What We Do
Our Work
Who We Are
Resources
Blog
Client Login
Contact Us
XProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.proexhibits.com and ProExhibits and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to ProExhibits include www.proexhibits.com and PE. The PE website is a Company website site. By using the PE website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of Your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, PE may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Employer
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
PE collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
PE may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from PE and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
PE does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
PE may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to PE, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
PE may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on PE or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of PE; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of PE, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
PE may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within PE, in order to determine what PE services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within PE to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by PE. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the PE website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of Your Personal Information
PE secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. PE uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Children Under Thirteen
PE does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, PE may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from PE, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on an unsubscribe link.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to This Statement
PE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
PE welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that PE has not adhered to this Statement, please contact PE at:
ProExhibits
48571 Milmont Dr.
Fremont, California 94538
Email Address:
info@ProExhibits.com
Telephone number:
408-734-3600
Effective as of August 06, 2020
ShareTweetSharePinProExhibits provides a superior level of service and expertise. They have provided us with new display designs that have raised our event profile to a new level. We think of the ProExhibits team as part of our team.
Senior Global Events Manager, F5 Networks
Connect with a ProExhibits expert to learn more at 877-606-6150
Contact Us
Careers
Client Login
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Site Map
HomeCOVID-19 SOLUTIONS
WorkplaceRetailHealth Care Back
3D Virtual EventsWhat We Do
COVID-19 SolutionsImmersive 3D Virtual EventsCorporate EventsCustom ExhibitsExhibit RentalsMobile EnvironmentsPermanent EnvironmentsProgram Management Back
Our WorkWho We Are
Company ProfileLeadership TeamPress ReleasesCareers Back
Resources
Pro StrategiesExhibit Design SearchCase StudiesTrade Show CalendarClient File UploadTop Trade ShowsGlossary Back
Event Locator
Anaheim, CAAtlanta, GAAustin, TXBaltimore, MDBoston, MAChicago, ILColumbus, OHDallas, TXDenver, CODetroit, MIHawaiiHouston, TXLas Vegas, NVLos Angeles, CALouisville, KYMinneapolis, MNNashville, TNNew Orleans, LANew York, NYOrlando, FLPhoenix, AZPittsburgh, PAPortland, ORSacramento, CASan Antonio, TXSan Diego, CASan Francisco, CASan Jose, CASanta Clara, CASeattle, WASt. Louis, MOTampa, FLWashington, D.C. Back
Blog
Subscribe to our Blog
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Company NameCAPTCHACommentsThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
CLOSE