https://www.uscranberries.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
info@uscranberries.com508-291-15102527 Cranberry Highway, Building B, Wareham, MA 02571FacebookTwitterInstagramYouTubePinterestLinkedinContact UsMember Portal
Button1 View all Recipes
FoodserviceFoodservice Cranberries in Schools Food Safety
Retail IndustryMember Portal Brands & Suppliers Data & Reports Global Marketing About CMC Industry News
Search:
CranberriesAbout Cranberries Cultivation Health Benefits Resources Frequently Asked Questions
RecipesFresh Fruit Recipes
Fresh Fruit
Fresh cranberries offer vibrant color, refreshing taste, and beneficial nutrients. Use them in a variety of sweet and savory dishes, creative cocktails and even décor.
Button2 Fresh Fruit Recipes
Download Sales Kit
View All Recipes
Cranberry Recipes Cranberry Recipes
Discovering new and delicious ways to add cranberries to your healthful diet!
Appetizers
Beverages/Cocktails
Breads
Breakfast/Brunch
Décor
Dessert & Baking
Entrées
Foodservice
Fresh Fruit
Latin Twist
Lunch
Quick & Easy
Side Dishes
Snacks
Soups & Salads
Spreads, Dips & Sauces
Summer Favorites
Vegetarian
Button1 View all Recipes
FoodserviceFoodservice Cranberries in Schools Food Safety
Retail IndustryMember Portal Brands & Suppliers Data & Reports Global Marketing About CMC Industry News
USCranberries.com Privacy Policy
This website is managed by the Cranberry Marketing Committee (CMC), a federal marketing order governed by the United States Department of Agriculture.
Privacy Policy Overview
The CMC is committed to safe-guarding the privacy of people who access this website and ensuring they have a positive experience on our site.
In general terms, our policy is to use our best efforts to respect and protect the privacy of our online guests. We may update this policy as new technology for the internet becomes available.
Information Gathered by our Web Server
Our web server recognizes and records certain non-personal information about visitors, such as browser (e.g., Internet Explorer), Internet service provider (e.g., Yahoo!), and type of operating system (e.g. Windows Vista). This information is solely used for internal review purposes on an aggregate, non-personally identifiable basis to create the best user experience for our online guests. We do not access any personally identifiable facts in the process.
Information We Collect through Site Registration
Visitors are not required to register to use this site. However, we may offer opportunities to register for certain information and services (e.g., monthly e-newsletters). Any information we collect from website users through registration systems will only be used to provide the services and information requested during the registration process. All identifiable information provided through registration processes will never be disclosed to anyone unless the CMC is required by law to do so. The CMC will not sell any information we collect on our site.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under our control.
Social Media Policy
The Cranberry Marketing Committee (CMC) USA is not responsible for material posted to its social media sites including Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn and does not guarantee the content, accuracy, or use of the content posted. The CMC does not in any way endorse or recommend individuals, products, health claims or services that may be discussed on this site
Contests
From time to time the CMC may conduct consumer contests on this website. The information gathered from participants who register for contests remains confidential and is used on an aggregate basis. By participating in the contests, entrants grant the CMC the right to use and publish their names, state of residence, and other information, based on Contest Rules & Regulations for specific contests. Any individuals chosen as winners will be notified directly by our office or our designated agents and will be given the opportunity to refuse any prizes, thereby avoiding publication of their name on this site or in written materials (e.g., press releases).
Cookies
Internet “cookies” are small text files a website puts on your computer to store information about your browsing that the site can access at later sessions. Cookies provide greater security for websites that provide personalized information. This site only collects cookies for areas or content that requires registration. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can edit your browser options to block cookies in the future.
Contact the Cranberry Marketing Committee
If you have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Cranberry Marketing Committee
(508) 291-1510
info@uscranberries.com
Go to Top