http://www.indchimney.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us. ICM is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, security and accuracy of your personal information. To that end, ICM has established a privacy policy to protect the privacy rights of its clients, employees and others. This policy relates to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by the firm, its partners and employees.
What is personal information?
As outlined in the Canadian personal information protection act (PIPA), personal information includes any information about an identifiable individual, but does not include the name, title, business address or business telephone number of an employee of an organization.
Consent
Information provided to us or collected from our website is used solely for the purpose of the service indicated. In using our website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. Should you advise us at any time that you no longer consent to the use of the personal information that you have provided to us, we will take your information off our database.
Legal disclaimer
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law when we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.
Other use of your information
Except as set out in this privacy policy, we do not make any other use of the personal information which you provide to us unless you have consented to its use for any other purpose. We do not sell or disclose your personal information to anyone, except as required by law.
Security of information
While ICM takes appropriate safeguards with this website, no website or electronic transmission can be completely secure. Therefore, you should not send confidential or sensitive information by the internet or by email unless you take appropriate precautions such as encryption.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other internet sites, resources and businesses operated by others. ICM has no responsibility or liability for, or control over, other sites, their business, goods, services or content. We encourage you to find out the privacy policies of these other sites as your dealings with the owners and operators of these sites are at your own risk.
Changes to the privacy policy
ICM reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at its discretion at any time without notice to you. Each time you use this website, we encourage you to check our privacy policy at it exists at the time.
How can I access my personal information?
Subject to the exceptions set out in applicable law, we will provide you with access to any of your personal information that we have collected, used or disclosed upon written request.
Contact information
If you have any questions regarding your personal information or our privacy policy, please contact us at: icminc@indchimney.com
Thank You
We received your request. We will get back to you shortly.