http://www.healthdesign.org/statement-privacy
Skip to main content
×
You are not currently logged in. To receive all the benefits our site has to offer, we encourage you to log in now.
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us About Us
About Our Members
Donations Make a Difference
Meet The Team
Board of Directors
Job & RFP Board
Partners
Volunteers
Contact Us
e-Newsletters
Topics
Insights & Solutions All Resources
Issue Briefs
Executive Summaries
Member Projects
Interviews
Project Briefs
Lessons Learned
Webinars
Tools Interactive Design Diagrams
Safety Risk Assessment
Clinic Design Post-Occupancy Evaluation Toolkit
Population Health Clinic Evaluation Tool
Patient Room Design Checklist & Evaluation Tool
Research Research Services
Research Coalition
Research Services Team
Pebble Project
HERD Journal
Knowledge Repository
Certification & Outreach Certification & Outreach
EDAC
Awards & Recognition
Environmental Standards Council
Built Environment Network
Educational Consulting
Events
Search
Home
Statement of Privacy
1. Statement of Privacy.  The Center for Health Design is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to The Center for Health Design Web site and governs data collection and usage at all The Center for Health Design sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services.  Please read this Statement of Privacy. The Center for Health Design is a general audience Web site, intended for users of age 18 or more. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.   This Statement of Privacy is effective as of August 1, 2015.
2. Collection of your Personal Information
a. As an E-commerce Web site, The Center for Health Design collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by The Center for Health Design is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. The Center for Health Design does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
b. As with other Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used.  Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
c. The Center for Health Design encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from The Center for Health Design so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of The Center for Health Design Web site.
3. Use of your Personal Information
a. The Center for Health Design and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that The Center for Health Design may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from The Center for Health Design and its affiliates. The Center for Health Design may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
b. The Center for Health Design does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. The Center for Health Design may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
c. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
d. The Center for Health Design does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
e. The Center for Health Design may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on The Center for Health Design or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of The Center for Health Design, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of The Center for Health Design or the public.
f. Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which The Center for Health Design or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. The Center for Health Design abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
4. Control your Personal Information
a. The Center for Health Design offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing admin@healthdesign.org. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.          You also may contact us with any inquiries or complaints, request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain, and correct, amend or delete that information where it is inaccurate by sending an email to us at admin@healthdesign.org.
b. You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from The Center for Health Design by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
5. Security of your Personal Information
a.   Email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information.  For that reason you may want to provide credit-card information to us by telephone call, fax or paper mail.
b. The Center for Health Design is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
6. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
By visiting www.healthdesign.org, you agree that the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this Statement of Privacy and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and The Center for Health Design Inc.  Any litigation or arbitration arising from or relating to this Statement of Privacy shall be brought exclusively in California.  In addition, such litigation or arbitration shall be brought in the venue proper for an individual residing in Concord, California.   The Parties agree that any action relating to or arising out of this Statement of Privacy shall be instituted and prosecuted only in that jurisdiction and in that venue.  The Parties hereby expressly waive any right to a change in jurisdiction or venue and any and all objections to such jurisdiction and venue.
7. INTERNATIONAL USE
We do not represent that all content, materials and services on our website are appropriate or available for use in all geographic locations, especially some locations outside the United States, and you acknowledge that accessing such from certain locations may be illegal and prohibited. Those who do access content, materials and services from such locations act on their own initiative and we are not responsible for their compliance with local laws or other applicable laws. You agree that you will not access the foregoing where prohibited by law.
8. MODIFICATION AND WAIVER
No modification or waiver of this Statement of Privacy by us will be effective unless we agree in writing.  No waiver by us will be a continuing waiver unless so stated in writing.
9. ARBITRATION
Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Statement of Privacy shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Concord, California in accordance with the Commercial Rules of the American Arbitration Association, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any Court having jurisdiction.  This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction.  The New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards will apply.
10. INTEGRATION; SEVERABILITY; GENERAL
a. Any provision of this Statement of Privacy which is determined to be unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be removed from this Statement of Privacy to the minimum extent required in that jurisdiction without in any way invalidating the remaining provisions of this Statement of Privacy.  In that event the arbitrator(s) and/or the court is hereby directed by the parties to replace the legally invalid provisions with legally valid provisions which will, from an economic viewpoint, most nearly and fairly approach the eliminated provisions.  The unenforceability of any provision in a given jurisdiction shall not make that provision unenforceable in any other jurisdiction.
b. Any litigation or arbitration by you arising out of or in connection with this Statement of Privacy or your use of our services must be commenced within one (1) year after the cause of action arose, or it will be permanently barred.
11. Changes to this Statement
The Center for Health Design may occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how The Center for Health Design will use your personal information, The Center for Health Design will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. The Center for Health Design encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how The Center for Health Design is protecting your information. By using our Web site subsequent to any revision of this Statement of Privacy, you agree to be bound by such changes.  If you find the changes to be unacceptable, you must immediately terminate your use of this Web site.
Log in or register
You need to be logged in to continue with this action.
Please Log in or
register to continue.