http://www.acriss.org/privacy/
HomePrivacy
Privacy Policy
ACRISS – Privacy Policy
This site is owned and operated
by ACRISS
This
policy (together with our Terms and Conditions of Use and any other documents referred to on it)
sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you
provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to
understand our views and practices regarding
your personal data and how we will treat it.
ACRISS is keen to ensure that it complies with its obligations under the Data
Protection Act and that the privacy of visitors to its web site is respected.
This Privacy Policy describes the ACRISS' current practice with regards
to personal data collected by ACRISS  from you directly and/or through the www.acriss.org website (“our Site”)
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (“the
Act”), the data controller is ACRISS EEIG, a European Economic
Interest Grouping registered in Wales with company number GE29 whose registered
office is c/o Kreston Reeves LLP Third Floor, 24 Chiswell Street, London
EC1Y 4YX.
'ACRISS', 'we' or 'us' means ACRISS EEIG -  formerly known as the Association of Car Rental Industry System
Standards.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you visit our
Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including
information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the
cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the
Site, we collect information about the individual web pages that you view, what
websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how
you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected
information as “Device Information.”
We
collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies”
are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an
anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to
disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log
files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your
IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and
date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are
electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
If you have
register or use the contact feedback form  on our website we will collect personal data
including: email address, telephone number, name and company name. As part of
the registration process we will add you to the ACRISS web site database.
We will keep this
information until you advise us that you no long wish to be registered on our
website.
You have a right
to ask for a copy of your information and to correct any inaccuracies. Please
email info@acriss.org if you would like to know what if any
personal information we hold about you.
This information
is processed on the basis that it is in your legitimate interest as you have
requested registration on the website.
We will retain
your personal data until we are advised that you no longer wish to be
registered on our website.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your
Personal Information with third parties as described in point 2 above.  We use Google Analytics to help us understand
how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your
Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ .  You
can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
E-MAILING
MEMBERS
We will send
members and their employees industry news, information on meetings and events
by email. These emails can be unsubscribed from at any time by contacting info@acriss.org.
The data is
processed on the basis that the processing is necessary due to the legitimate
interests of the ACRISS member and its employees for us to provide
industry information, advice, events, projects and training.
The data will be
stored until we are advised that the employee has left the company or the member/the
employee advises us that they no long wish to receive information from us.  Complaint data will be stored for a maximum of
one year from the date of complaint.
USE
OF IP ADDRESSES
An Internet
Protocol (IP) Address is a set of numbers that is automatically assigned to
your computer whenever you log onto your internet service provider or through
your organisation’s local area network (LAN) or wide area network (WAN). Web
servers automatically identify your computer by the IP address assigned to it
during your session. We may collect IP addresses for the purposes of systems
administration and to audit the use of our site. We do not ordinarily link a
user’s IP address to personally identifiable information of that user. Each
user’s session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous. However, we may
use IP addresses to identify users of our site when we feel it is necessary to
enforce compliance with the site’s terms of use, or to protect our service,
site or other users.
SECURITY
Unfortunately,
the transmission of data via the internet is not completely secure. Although we
will do our best to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee the security
of your data transmitted to our site, and transmission is at your own risk.
Once we have received your information we will use strict procedures and
security features to prevent unauthorised access.
ACRISS may
disclose your Personal Data if it believes such action is necessary: to conform
with a legal requirement or comply with the legal process including civil and
criminal proceedings, protect and defend the rights or property of ACRISS,
enforce this Online Agreement, or to protect the interests of its users.
YOUR
RIGHTS
You have the
right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your
personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to
exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
ACCESS,
EDITING AND DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
We will comply
with requests regarding access and/or correction or deletion of the information
we store in accordance with applicable law.
If you wish to
delete your account or personal information on our site you may do so by
emailing us at info@acriss.org
To
exercise any of the rights outlined above in respect of your Personal
Information please contact us at info@acriss.org.
CHANGES
We may update
this privacy policy from time to time to reflect, for example, changes to our
practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
THE INFORMATION COMMISSIONER’S OFFICE
The
ICO is the government body responsible for enforcing the Data Protection Act
1998 in the UK. Their website is located at www.ico.gov.uk.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy
practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint,
please contact us by e-mail at info@acriss.org
Privacy Policy
LATEST NEWS
New VDSI Transfers Health and Safety Standards
ACRISS Members and Associates introduce Health and Safety pledges
Further updates on ACRISS response to Covid-19