http://www.valentep.com/english-version/personal-data-protection-policy/
All your personal data will be kept, according to guarantees of confidentiality and abiding by the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This privacy notice informs you how Valente Produções will collect, store and use your personal information.
Why does Valente Produções need to collect and store personal data?
In order to be selected and recruited for the various services/works in which we are involved we need to collect personal data. In any event, we are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose and does not constitute a breach of your privacy.
Purposes for which we use your personal data:
Castings;
Promotion of your services;
Participation/rendering of services in the services/works performed;
Accounting purposes;
Will Valente Produções share my personal data with anyone?
Your data will be handled by Valente Produções employees. In the course of our activity we may need to share your personal data with our clients. Any third party with whom we may share your data is obliged under GDPR to keep it secure and to use it only for the predetermined purposes. Valente Produções requests its clients that they safely delete your data when they no longer need it. By accepting the terms and conditions of registration with Valente Produções, you are aware of the need to send your sensitive personal data to third parties. Withdrawal of consent does not exclude data sharing with institutions we are legally required to share with.
Under what circumstances will Valente Produções contact you?
For clarification regarding work. Our goal is not to be intrusive, and we commit ourselves not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. The information you provide will be subject to strict measures and procedures to minimize the risk of unauthorized access or disclosure.
How long does Valente Produções keep my data?
Valente Produções will keep your data for the period necessary to provide the service, its invoicing and compliance with legal obligations. Your data will be retained for a period of 5 years from the date of the last service. After this deadline your data will be automatically deleted and you need to register again if you want to work with us onde more. Valente Produções will process (collect, store and use) the information you provide in a manner that is compatible with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will do everything in our power to keep your information accurate and up-to-date, and not to keep it longer than necessary. Valente Produções is required to withhold information in accordance with the law, such as information required for tax purposes and audits. The length of time that certain types of personal data must be kept may also be determined by business-specific requirements and agreed practices. Personal data may be kept beyond these periods, depending on individual business needs.
Can I know the personal data that Valente Produções keeps about me?
Valente Produções only keeps the data you give us when you register with the agency and those recorded during services you perform for our clients through us.
How can I access, rectify or delete my personal data stored by Valente Produções?
At any time you have the right to rectify, access, limit, oppose or delete your data. For this purpose, send us a message expressing your desire to the email address geral@valentep.com or via postage mail to the following address: Avenida da República nº 1651 S/L Esq. 4430-206 Vila Nova de Gaia.
If you consider that the GDPR has been violated, you may complain to a supervisory authority.
Contactos: 2ª a 6ª feira
10h00-13h00 / 15h00-18h00
Lisboa:
Avenida da Liberdade, 144 – 2º drt ; 1250-146                    Tlf: (+351) 215 937 047 / 213 407 200
casting@valentep.com
Porto:
Av. da República, 1651  S/L esq ; 4430-206 V.N.G
Tlf: (+351) 223 211 443
vp@valentep.com
R.G.P.D.
geral@valentep.com
Marcação de pagamentos:
2ª a 6ª feira: 10h às 12h30
Tlf: (+351) 223 701 664
Tlm: (+351) 917 828 196
Os pagamentos estão suspensos de 01/Jan a 29/Fev e de 01/Jul a 31/Ago
PME LiderPME ExcelênciaUtilização do site Politica de privacidade
Politica de Cookies
Politica de utilização do site
CENTRO DE ARBITRAGEM DE CONFLITOS DE CONSUMO Empresa aderente ao Centro de Arbitragem de Conflitos de Consumo de Lisboa (CACCL)
Contatos: Rua dos Douradores, nº 116, 2º Andar, 1100-207 Lisboa
Tel. 218807030
Empresa aderente ao Centro de Informação de Consumo e Arbitragem do Porto (CICAP)
Contatos: Rua Damião de Góis, nº 31 loja 6, 4050-225 Porto
Tel. 225508349
Mais informações em Portal do Consumidor
http://www.consumidor.pt/
A Valente Produções dispõe de Livro de Reclamações Electrónico (LRE)
Facebook
Este site utiliza cookies para permitir uma melhor experiência por parte do utilizador e e para analisar o tráfego. Ao navegar no site estará a consentir a sua utilização.OkPrivacy policy