http://www.fireflyballoons.net/privacy-policy.php
FireFly Balloons Privacy Policy
LOG IN:User: Password:
This is the web site of FireFly Balloons.
Our postal address is
810 Salisbury Road
Statesville, NC, 28677
We can be reached via e-mail at marketing@fireflyballoons.net
or you can reach us by telephone at (704) 878-9501
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will receive telephone contact from us only regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Privacy Policy      Credits