http://www.mobilemini.co.uk/cookie-policy/
To give you the best possible experience, this site uses cookies and by continuing to use this site, you agree that we can save them on your devices.
Our cookies do not collect personally identifiable information.
For more information, please read our updated Privacy and Cookie Policy, which also explains how to disable cookies if you wish to do so. Yes I agree
Cookie Policy
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookies NoticeThe Mobile Mini website, like many others, uses small files called cookies to help us customize your experience.
Cookies are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example Explorer or Safari) on your computer or mobile phone.
They allow websites to store things like user preferences.
Cookies act as a “memory” for a website, so that the website can recognize you when you come back and therefore, respond appropriately.
There are various types of cookies.
For example, site performance cookies, anonymous analytics cookies, geotargeting cookies, registration cookies, advertising cookies, and third-party advertising cookies.
Mobile Mini may use cookies to:
(1) Identify a data subject when they log onto our website.
(2) Deliver content, including advertisements, relevant to your interest on Mobile Mini websites.
(3) Keep track of items you have stored in your shopping basket.
(4) Conduct research and diagnostics to improve Mobile Mini’s content, products and services.
(5) Prevent fraudulent activity.
(6) Improve security.
Quick Quote
First Name:*
We’d love to send you the latest offers and updates from Mobile Mini by email, text or phone from time to time. We’ll always treat your details with the utmost care and will never sell them to other companies for marketing purposes.
Please let us know if you would like us to contact you or not by selecting one of the options below
Yes please, I’d like to hear about offers and updates
No thanks, I don’t want to hear about offers and updates
For more information, please see our privacy and legal policy
Basket
No products in the basket.