http://www.flexroofingsystems.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
FLEX MEMBRANE INTERNATIONAL CORP. RESPECTS YOUR PRIVACY
Flex Membrane International Corp. will not sell, rent or share any identifiable personal information collected on flexroofingsystems.com with any third parties. All information you provide is held with the utmost care and security.
WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO:
Verify your identity
Send you information about our products and services
Send you any information that you have opted to receive including white papers and promotional information
Send you marketing communications; and
Carry out market research and track sales data
SECURING YOUR DATA
We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers.
CROSS-BORDER DATA TRANSFERS
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
UPDATING THIS STATEMENT
We may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Manage My Data
Please identify yourself via e-mail
Enter your email address
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Accept
Change cookie settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
View our Privacy Policy
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Changes