http://www.birdcronin.com/company_info/privacy_policy.aspx
Enter SKU with one space only (0814 XXXX)
Product Categories
Cervical
Upper Extremities
Lumbar / Low Back
Lower Extremities
Cast / Fracture Management
Surgical Instruments
Patient Care
Bariatric
Newborn/Pediatrics
Cold Therapy
Rehab Exercise
Sportsman Choice
Retail Clamshell Packaging
|
Shop Now
|
Catalogs
|
New Products
|
Programs
Logo Program
|
Company Info
About Us
Bird & Cronin News
Career Center
Contracts
|
Customer Care
Helpful Links
Meet The Team
Return Process / Policy
FAQ's
Sales Rep Locator
Sales / Customer Support
Customer Feedback
PDAC Letter
|
Contact Us
Home » Company Info » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is meant to inform you about the policies at Bird & Cronin, its affiliates and related entities (collectively, "Bird & Cronin") regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable information on the Bird & Cronin website (the "Site"). By accessing, submitting information to and otherwise using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by Bird & Cronin as set forth in the Policy. If you do not agree with the Policy, please do not access, submit information to or otherwise use the Site. If Bird & Cronin decides to change the Policy, such changes will be posted here, so please check back periodically to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version of the Policy.
What Information Does Bird & Cronin Collect?
Bird & Cronin collects both Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. Personal Information is information that is associated with your personal identity, such as your name, street address, telephone number, e-mail address, fax number or contact preferences. Our only means of collecting Personal Information is through your submission of such Personal Information to Bird & Cronin. For instance, on the Site, you might submit Personal Information to Bird & Cronin in the course of contacting Bird & Cronin.
Non-Personal Information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with your specific personal identity. Non-Personal Information we collect may include the pages you visit on the Site, the length of time you spend on those pages, the type of browser you use or your IP address. Because Non-Personal Information is amassed technologically without user intervention, Bird & Cronin is able to collect Non-Personal Information with regard to every visitor to the Site.
How Is My Information Used?
Bird & Cronin may use Personal Information to transact business with you, to communicate with you and to provide you with updated information regarding our business. Bird & Cronin uses the information it collects to provide you with services, to understand your needs and interests and to evaluate how you use the Site. Bird & Cronin may use Non-Personal Information in order to track Site usability, performance and effectiveness.
With Whom Does Bird & Cronin Share My Information?
Bird & Cronin may share your Personal Information with its representatives and agents in order to provide the above-described services. These representatives and agents will handle your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy. Bird & Cronin additionally may share your Personal or Non-Personal Information with third parties who process information on behalf of Bird & Cronin for the purpose of carrying out administrative or technological support functions. As permitted by law, Bird & Cronin may be required to disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information to third parties with which Bird & Cronin has entered into joint venture agreements or other strategic alliances about which you have sought information, or in the event of our sale, merger, reorganization or other similar transaction. Finally, Bird & Cronin may be required to disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information to the appropriate authorities in special cases when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with applicable law or regulation; (b) to identify or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms and Conditions of Use or the Policy; (c) to protect any Site user's rights, property or safety; (d) to protect our rights, property or safety; or (e) to take precautions against our legal liability. Please note that the Site contains links to websites that are not operated by Bird & Cronin. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement of the activities or content on these sites or any association with their operators. Bird & Cronin does not control these websites and is not responsible for their content, security or privacy practices. Bird & Cronin urges you to review the privacy policy posted on each such website you visit prior to using the site or providing Personal Information.
What Security Measures Does Bird & Cronin Use to Protect My Information from Loss or Misuse?
Bird & Cronin uses standard industry physical, electronic and administrative precautions to protect and safeguard your Personal and Non-Personal Information. Nevertheless, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. As a result, while Bird & Cronin strives to protect your Personal and Non-Personal Information, Bird & Cronin cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Therefore, use the Site at your own risk.
What Choices Do I Have Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of My Information?
Bird & Cronin, its representatives or agents or other third parties acting on Bird & Cronin's behalf may, from time to time, send you e-mail or direct mail regarding Bird & Cronin's business. If you do not want to receive such information, e-mail us at webmaster@stonearchcaptial.com.
What Steps Is Bird & Cronin Taking to Safeguard Children's Privacy?
Bird & Cronin does not knowingly collect Personal Information or any other identifying data from children under 13 years of age without the verifiable consent of a parent or guardian. Should a child who we know to be under 13 years of age send us Personal Information without the verifiable consent of that child's parent or guardian, we will immediately delete such information from our database.
Governing Law and Additional Information
This Policy forms part of our Terms and Conditions of Use [insert hyperlink to Terms] and as such the laws of the State of Minnesota, U.S.A. will govern this Policy without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws.
YOU AND BIRD & CRONIN AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE EXCLUSIVE PERSONAL JURISDICTION AND VENUE OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN DAKOTA COUNTY, MINNESOTA, U.S.A. IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS POLICY.
If you have questions regarding this Policy you may contact Bird & Cronin at webmaster@birdcronin.com.
Welcome to Bird and Cronin
Bird and Cronin, Inc. is a leading manufacturer of Orthopedic Soft goods and Specialty Patient Care Products. Our products are of the highest quality and available in the USA and Internationally through various distribution sources.
PDAC VERIFICATION LETTERS
Bird & Cronin provides suggested HCPCS codes for Medicare billing purposes as a courtesy to our customers.
We are happy to now offer access to PDAC verification letters through our Customer Care link for those product families that have been verified via the application process.
We hope you find these letters a useful resource and if desired, more information can be found on the PDAC website: https://www.dmepdac.com
How Can We Help You?
Bird & Cronin Inc.
1200 Trapp Road
Eagan, Minnesota 55121
Toll Free: 800-328-1095
Local:    651-683-1111
info@birdcronin.com
www.birdcronin.com
Sitemap        Terms of Use        Privacy Policy        Website Design by MVP Marketing + Design