http://www.moulden-marketing.co.uk/articles/other/privacy-notice/
News & Offers
Events
Explore
Team
PrydeofPlace
About
Contact
Partners
MENU
Who we are
Moulden Marketing Ltd
is registered in the UK.
Company reg: 3962998.
Contact by post
Please write to 'Privacy'
Moulden Marketing ltd,
James House, Mere Park, Dedmere Road, Marlow, Buckinghamshire, SL7 1FJ
Contact by phone
Please call
+44 1628 532020
Contact by email
please write to
privacy@moulden-marketing.co.uk
Privacy Notice
Purpose of this privacy notice
We respect your personal privacy. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website, regardless of where you are, and when you provide your data to us (such as by phone, email, at an event or otherwise). The wording within this notice reflects the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), which are effective as of 25 May 2018.By visiting our website or otherwise providing data to us you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.You do not have to give us any personal information to browse our website.Our services and this website are not intended for persons under 18 and we do not collect data in relation to children.Moulden Marketing Ltd ensures that personal data is collected and processed only for specific, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes.What we doOur primary activity is as a representation and marketing consultancy for convention bureaux, destination management companies (DMCs), hotels and venues who are suppliers specialising in the Meetings, Incentives, Conferences and Exhibitions (MICE) Market who wish to market to event professionals, and those event professionals wishing to place international events. We provide event professionals information by phone, face to face, digitally, in print and live events to inform, update and engage event professionals with suppliers. We assist the suppliers with qualified leads. A qualified lead means the contact details of a person or company who is willing to hold an international event in a destination or venue, or who has expressed an interest in doing so or further exploring the possibility of doing so.
Personal data we collectWe may collect your name, your professional email address, work telephone number and professional work address, delivery address, billing address, communication preferences, transaction data, financial data.It is important that the personal data that we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if any details you provide to us should change over the course of your relationship with us. We will give you the chance to refuse any broadcast email from us by following the unsubscribe action.How we collect dataWe collect information directly from individuals when they voluntarily submit their personal information to us by filling in forms (on our website, third party sites, or otherwise), or by corresponding with us by phone, email, or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you register to attend an event, request information, participate in a survey, competition, or at other industry events, or when you enter into a contract with us for us to supply you, or you to supply us with specific services.
Additional personal dataAt certain times you may supply us with additional special data such as:• Dietary requirements• Health or medical • Alternative contact details (e.g. those of a family member), photograph
When this sort of information is collected we will provide the reason for collecting the information and how the information will be used at that time.We may also capture personal data when you attend an event hosted by us via photograph, video or audio footage taken. Use of Personal InformationWe have identified legitimate interest as the main basis for collecting, storing, and transferring your data. When we use your personal information, we will always consider if it is fair and balanced to do so and if it is within your reasonable expectations. We will balance your rights and our legitimate interests to ensure that we use your personal information in ways that are not unduly intrusive or unfair. Our legitimate interests include:Promotion of our purposes, including to develop new offers and services (both independently and with our partners) to promote our activities and those of our partners.Administration and operational management, including responding to solicited enquires, providing information that you have requested, research, events management, the administration of our resources.Liaising with third parties, including working with partner organisations to develop new programmes and resources which further our purposes.Additionally we will use your data: • When we have entered into a contract with you• Are about to enter into a contract with youWe will not share your information with any third party, other than authorised employees of Moulden Marketing and our Clients. Or where we need to comply with law enforcement agenciesExamples of clients we work with are:• Destination marketing organisations such as Convention Bureaux and Tourist Boards• Destination Management Companies• Meeting venues and hotels• Professional conference organisers, event management agencies or other professionals in relation to events.
International transfersMany of our clients are based within the EEA, however occasionally we may have to transfer your data outside the EEA. Where you have requested services or information which are being provided or otherwise fulfilled outside the EEA we will have to transfer your personal data to those suppliers to provide those services and fulfil our contractual obligations.
Data Storage and SecurityPersonal data is processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organisational measures.Storage periodPersonal data will be kept no longer than is necessary. Keeping of personal data can be necessary for Moulden Marketing Ltd to perform its core duties or to comply with legal obligations. Even if you unsubscribe we must retain a small amount of data to ensure we continue to suppress the data.How we use “cookies” Our website uses “cookies” to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website and when you re-visit the website after clearing your browsing history. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. We use Google Analytics to gather analytics and usage data. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Examples of usage data collected includes the type of Internet browser you are using and the domain name of the web website from which you linked to the website. Please refer to our analytics service provider's privacy policy which can be found at: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=enMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies by adjusting your browser settings. Questions about our Privacy PolicyIf you have any questions or comments about your privacy and this policy, you should contact us by post at:Moulden Marketing LtdJames House, Mere Park,Dedmere Road, Marlow,Buckinghamshire, SL7 1FJ
by phone on +44 1628 532020, or by email to privacy@moulden-marketing.co.ukYou also have the right to contact the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you have any questions about Data Protection. You can contact their help line 0303 123 113 or at ico.org.uk
News and Offers
COVID International Events Restart
Events
Explore
Team
About Moulden
Contact
Partners
Destinations
3sixtymeetings DMC - Malta
Desert Gate DMC - Dubai
Desert Gate DMC - Abu-Dhabi
Desert Gate DMC - Oman
Activ'Travel DMC - Morocco
Cititravel DMC - Spain
Cititravel DMC - Portugal
PC Tours - Cambodia
Easia Travel - Thailand
PC Tours - Vietnam
HL Adventure - Iceland
HL Adventure - Antarctica
HL Adventure - Greenland
HL Adventure - Spitsbergen
Intours DMC - Croatia
Intours DMC - Slovenia
Intours DMC - Montenegro
Korea MICE Bureau
GET Destinations
PC Tours - Hong Kong
PC Tours - Macau
PC Tours - China
SALT Concepts - Namibia
Giltedge - South Africa
Senator Meetings & Incentives - Czech Republic
Senator Meetings & Incentives - Hungary
Senator Meetings & Incentives - Poland
Pryde of Place
Conference & Touring DMC - Germany
The Winners Group - Botswana
Goal Events - Latvia
Goal Events - Estonia
Goal Events - Lithuania
Cormep
Desert Gate DMC - Maldives
PROMPERÚ - Peru
OM DMC Greece
OM DMC Cyprus
Hannover Conference Centre by Deutsche Messe
Condor Travel
Welcome Italy - Italy
Visit Tunisia
Welcome Swiss -Switzerland
Senator Meetings & Incentives
- Austria
KMP DMC Russia
Conference & Touring
Giltedge - Southern Africa
Coast DMC
Gran Canaria Convention Bureau
Irish Trade
GCB&Partners