http://www.bobpardue.com/terms_of_use
Bob Pardue Photography Discover Fine Art, Stock Photography & More
Terms Of Use
Terms & Conditions (Terms of Use) for BobPardue.Com
General
We may change or withdraw any part of the website, or may refuse you access to the website at any time if we consider it necessary. Use of We and these terms are subject to the laws of England and the jurisdiction of the English Courts.Neither you nor We will be held liable for any failure to perform any obligation to the other due to causes beyond your or We respective reasonable control.
Disclaimer
Orders are placed through Amazon and as such We do not dispatch, fulfill or refund any orders. Returns, disputes and any order queries remain the responsibility of Amazon. We does not accept any responsibility for orders placed with Amazon.
Availability of our website
We will try to make our website available but cannot guarantee that our website will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error free and can accept no liability for its unavailability. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of our website and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, website, router or any other Internet connected device.
We will do our best to ensure that all materials and information published on our website are accurate, but please note that all content, materials and information on our website are provided on an as is basis and you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of our website and use of all information contained within it.
We will do our best to correct errors and omissions as quickly as practicable after being notified of them.
Prices
Prices of products and postage costs are subject to change at any time. You will always be confirmed of the exact price you will pay before confirming your order. We will not honour any previous prices of products or shipping under any circumstances.
Liability
We does not accept liability (except as set out in these terms and conditions) for any errors or omissions.You will be responsible for any breach of these terms by you and if you use We in breach of these terms you will be liable to and will reimburse We for any loss or damage caused as a result.We shall have no liability (including liability for negligence) for the acts or omissions of telecommunications service providers or for failures of, or faults in, their networks and equipment.
Privacy
We do not hold any personal information unless you choose to sign up to our We newsletter. Please review our Privacy Policy for full details.
Confirmation of Terms
By using this website you agree to these conditions of use. By agreeing to these conditions of use, you warrant and undertake that you will not use our website for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by these conditions of use, including without limitation the posting or transmitting of any libellous, defamatory, inflammatory or obscene material. If you breach these terms and conditions then your permission to use this website terminates immediately without the necessity of any notice being given to you. We retain the right to deny access to any person who fails to comply with these terms of use.
This is the TOS for bobpardue.com so please read before using the site to your full advantage.
I accept the terms and conditions as laid out in the Terms & Conditions.
Share this:Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Disclosure: Some recommended photography or camera products may use affiliate links. BobPardue.com is a participant in these programs. The links lead to affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for sites to earn fees by advertising and linking to the sales pages. As an affiliate I earn from qualifying purchases. Thank you for helping support this photo website.
Subscribe to My Blog via Email
Enter your email address to subscribe to my photo blog. Be the first to find out about new posts & photos by email.
Join 10,184 other subscribers
Email Address
Go Shopping!Shop For Fine Art Photos & Products
Shop For Stock Photos
Shop For Fine Art Black & White Christian Printables
HOME
About
What’s New?
Stock Photo of Circus Circus Las Vegas NV
Hunting Island lighthouse SC
USA Photography Stock List by Bob Pardue
Trip to Charleston South Carolina
Stock Photo Excalibur Hotel & Casino Las Vegas
Copyright
©
Bob Pardue Photography
About Us | Contact | Privacy
Policy | Disclaimer |Terms
Of Use | Sitemap
Accessing our website tells us you are happy to receive all our cookies.
I am an affiliate of Amazon & other products. I receive a commission on items ordered through this modeling site.
Important
This site makes use of cookies which may contain tracking information about visitors. By continuing to browse this site you agree to our use of cookies.
OK
Do not accept