https://www.mindstore.com/cookie-policy/
About Jack
MindStore Online
Blackholme
Courses
Conferences
Coaching
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
Please note that cookies are not harmful to your computer and we do not store any personally identifiable information about you in any cookies set by our website.
This information is provided to you as part of our commitment to comply with UK and European legislation, and to ensure we are completely transparent about technology in use on our websites.
Further information on cookies can be found on the third party All About Cookies site. This site also contains information on how to delete cookies or control cookies in your browser.
Third Party cookies
In addition to our own cookies we also use Google Analytics (a popular website statistics package). This tool may also set cookies to allow their software to track activity on our site. If you have any concerns about this third party tool please review Google’s own privacy policy at: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
The videos on our site are hosted on YouTube which uses its own cookies to track your use of their platform which includes ad targeted cookies If you have any concerns about these third party tools please review YouTube’s own Cookie policy at https://policies.google.com/technologies/types
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
To contact us, please email info@mindstore.com or telephone +44 (0) 7525 452758 or write to us at MindStore International Limited, 28-30 North Street, Dalry, North Ayrshire , KA24 5DW.
Last updated 21/03/2020
Website terms and conditions
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
© Copyright MindStore International Ltd 2020
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn moreGot it!