http://www.sharpeproducts.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Our Privacy Policy
Ways We Keep Information Secure
Privacy Policy
Sharpe Products respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected: If you request or submit information to us by sending an e-mail via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your e-mail address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, e-mail, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your e-mail and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others: This notice addresses only the policy of Sharpe Products's website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Sharpe Products is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies: Sharpe Products uses Google Analytics to track the types of visitors that come to our site and better understand their needs. Occasionally Sharpe will report  statistics about the number of visitors our site receives and behavior on the site. No personally identifying data is included in this tracking and reporting. All of Sharpe's activity using Google Analytics falls within the Google Analytics Terms of Service. You can Opt-Out of Google's Advertising Tracking at anytime.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information: If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an e-mail with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information: Sharpe Products may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes: Please note that Sharpe Products reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Sharpe Products. This statement does not create an agreement between Sharpe Products and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us: Sharpe Products 2550 S. 170th Street New Berlin, WI 53151 Phone: 262.754.0369 Fax: 262.754.0374 E-mail: Customer Service
Request a free quote, please call 800-879-4418.
Contact us
About us
Sharpe Products is the leader in industrial and commercial tube and pipe bending, laser tube cutting and custom fabrication, with the machine technology and expertise to meet the needs of your project in a timely and cost-effective manner.
Contact us
2550 S. 170th StreetNew Berlin, WI 53151USA
T: 800-879-4418 F: 262-754-0374
Submit RFQ
Useful Links
Machine Technology
Tooling Inventory
Request for Quote
Purchase Stock Handrail Fittings
Request Catalog
ISO CERTIFICATION
Sharpe Products is ISO 9001:2015 Certified.