http://www.323.tv/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Request a Quote My Account
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
What information do we collect?  We collect information from you when you place an order or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. What do we use your information for?  Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To process transactions To send you advertisements, exclusive offers, news, or information Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. How do we protect your information?  We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order, enter or submit your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems.  They are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. When sending a message through our contact form you may be asked for some or all of the following: Name, E-mail address, Company name, Phone number. Do we honor “Do Not Track” browser requests? No. Our website does not support or comply with “Do Not Track” requests sent by your browser. If you do not want us to have any information about how to contact you, please do not fill our form. If you do not want Google to track your use of our site please visit this page for Google’s information on opting out of tracking. Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. Google Analytics Data Millions of websites, including www.323.tv 323.TV, LLC use Google Analytics. We have configured our Google Analytics account to use Google’s Advertising features, including Google’s Demographics and Interest Reports as well as Google AdWords Remarketing features. Google collects information about your visit to our site including: How you arrived at our website. How long you stay. What pages you visit. What kind of computer, browser, and operating system you are using. What page you exit our site. And much more. For more information about how Google uses the information they collect about you please visit their Privacy & Terms page. To opt out of Google’s tracking, please visit this page. What does 323.tv do with the information Google records?  The analytics data that Google collects and shares with us helps us better understand the kind of people that visit our sites and what they do when they visit. This information helps us make decisions for site structure, content, compatibility, and overall user experience. WE CAN NOT AND DO NOT COLLECT ANY INFORMATION FROM GOOGLE ANALYTICS THAT COULD PERSONALLY IDENTIFY YOU. All activity on this site falls within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless 323.tv, its affiliates and their respective owners, investors, contractors, officers, directors, members, managers, partners, shareholders, licensors, suppliers, customers, employees, agents, third-party advertisers, technology providers and service providers from and against any loss, damage, cost, or liability (including, reasonable attorneys’ fees) resulting from or relating in any way to any claim, demand, action or proceeding that arises out of the usage of our website. In plain English: You can’t sue us for anything related to the use of this website, including anything done by a third party via our website (ie., hacking, identity theft, etc.). Furthermore, you will defend us against any and all claims we might be a part of because of your use of our site. It’s highly unlikely anything bad will happen, but you agree that it’s not our fault if it does. Do we disclose any information to outside parties?  We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We collect information you submit to us via our online forms. That information includes your name, email address, phone number, company name and whatever comments you submit in the forms. We do not automatically harvest any personally identifiable information from your computer, nor do we contract any third parties for that purpose. We do not share the information you submit with third parties without your permission. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance  We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Online Privacy Policy Only  This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. Your Consent  By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 8/30/2018 Contacting Us  If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. www.323.tv 32525 Lexington Ave. DeSoto, KS 66018 USA 913-422-0910
SIGN UP FOR EMAIL DEALS
323.TV About Us Newsroom Blog
FAQ’S Frequently Asked Questions
NEED HELP? Support Contact Us Returns
© 2000-2019 323.tv™ Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Billing
Video Conferencing
Personal Huddle Space Conference Room Classroom & Training Room See More in Video Conferencing
Voice Conferencing
VoIP Desk Phones USB & Bluetooth Conference Phones Audio Integration See More in Voice Conferencing
Web Conferencing
Microsoft Teams Zoom GoToMeeting Lifesize Cloud See More in Web Conferencing
Zoom Rooms Microsoft Teams Audio Visual
AV Control TVs & Projection Professional Sound Furniture and Mounts See More in AV Integration
Shop By Brand
Polycom Lifesize Cisco Aten View All Brands
My Account Request a Quote
Request a Quote My Account
We use cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our website, you agree to the use of cookies. If you would like to know more about cookies and how to manage them please view our Privacy Policy.Accept