http://www.morilee.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms of Use
Terms and Conditions
These are the terms of use (“Terms of Use”) for your use of services or features on the sites owned and controlled by Mori Lee LLC (“Mori Lee”) including, without limitation, www.morilee.com (the “Sites”). We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our offerings and these Terms of Use will govern those new Sites when added. You may be accessing our Sites from a computer, mobile device, App or by any other means now known or hereafter devised, and these Terms of Use govern your use of our Sites and your conduct, regardless of the means of access. You may be using our interactive services (“Interactive Services”), alerts, messages, calendars, profiles, blogs, lists, groups, media, cloud, favorites, wishlist, community forums, ratings, reviews, comments, posts, Q&A, shopping, sales and other services whether currently existing or hereafter devised, and these Terms of Use govern your use of all such Interactive Services. You may be using our Sites and/or Interactive Services on behalf of a company or other legal entity. If so, these Terms of Use govern your and your company’s use of all such Sites and/or Interactive Services.
We may also interact with you on third party sites where we post content or provide feedback and/or invite you to post content or provide feedback, or enable you to interact on, download from or upload to third party sites, such as www.facebook.com, www.twitter.com, and www.youtube.com (“Third Party Sites”). Our Terms of Use provide guidelines, rules and regulations in connection with our Interactive Services, including services that involve Third Party Sites, but Mori Lee does not control the Third Party Sites, and these Terms of Use do not apply to companies that Mori Lee does not own or control, or to the actions of people that Mori Lee does not employ or manage. Mori Lee has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the products, services, content, functionality, representations, warranties, privacy policies, or practices of any Third Party Sites. In addition, Mori Lee will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any Third Party Sites. By using the Sites, you expressly release Mori Lee from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Sites. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Sites and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other Third Party Site that you visit.
By using the Sites, you signify your agreement to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, whether or not you have read them. The terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, the terms of these Terms of Use shall control. If you do not agree with any of these, you should not use our Sites.
Mori Lee reserves the right to change or modify any of the terms and conditions contained in these Terms of Use and/or our Privacy Policy from time to time at any time, without notice, and in its sole discretion. If Mori Lee decides to change these Terms of Use, Mori Lee will post a new version on the Sites and update the date set forth below. Any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use will be effective upon posting of the revisions. Your continued use of the Sites following posting of any changes or modifications constitutes your acceptance of such changes or modifications and if you do not agree with these changes or modifications, you must immediately cease using the Sites. For this reason, you should frequently review these Terms of Use and any other applicable policies, including their dates, to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Sites.
Site Access
Mori Lee hereby grants you permission to use the Sites as set forth in these Terms of Use, provided that:
you are 13 years of age or older;
your use of the Sites as permitted is solely for your personal use and/or the use of your company or other legal entity;
you will not share your userid and password, if applicable, with anyone else;
you will not copy, disclose or distribute any part of the Sites or the Content (as defined below) or materials contained herein to any third party and/or in any medium without our prior written authorization;
you will not alter or modify any part of the Sites other than as may be reasonably necessary to use the Sites for its intended purpose;
you will otherwise comply with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use;
you are not a competitor of Mori Lee and are not using the Interactive Services for reasons that are in competition with Mori Lee;
you comply with all applicable laws, including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements;
you only provide accurate information and update it as necessary;
you review and comply with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy;
you only use the Sites and Interactive Services in a professional manner;
you do not act dishonestly by posting inappropriate, inaccurate, or objectionable Content;
you do not harass, abuse or harm another person, including sending unwelcomed communications to others using the Interactive Services;
you do not use or attempt to use another’s account without authorization, or create a false identity on the Sites;
you do not take any action or upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available or initiate any Content that:
falsely states, impersonates or otherwise misrepresents your identity;
is unlawful, libelous, abusive, obscene, discriminatory or otherwise objectionable;
includes information that you do not have the right to disclose or make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships;
infringes upon any intellectual property or other proprietary rights;
includes any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation;
contains software viruses, worms, or any other computer code, files or programs that harm, interrupt, delay, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment of Mori Lee or any user of Mori Lee;
reverse engineers, decompiles, disassembles, deciphers or otherwise attempts to derive the source code for any underlying intellectual property used to provide the Interactive Services, or any part thereof;
utilizes or copies information, content or any data you view on and/or obtain from the Sites to provide any service that is competitive with the Sites, in Mori Lee’s sole discretion;
falsely implies or states, directly or indirectly, that you are affiliated with or endorsed by Mori Lee unless you have entered into a separate written agreement with Mori Lee;
adapts, modifies or creates derivative works based on the Sites or technology underlying the Interactive Services, or other users’ content, in whole or part;
rents, leases, loans, trades, sells/re-sells access to the Sites or any Content therein, or the equivalent, in whole or part, unless you have entered into a separate written agreement with Mori Lee;
sells, sponsors, or otherwise monetizes the Sites, the Interactive Services, or any other service or functionality of Mori Lee, unless you have entered into a separate written agreement with Mori Lee;
deep-links to the Sites for any purpose, (i.e. including a link to a Mori Lee web page other than Mori Lee’s home page) unless you have entered into a separate written agreement with Mori Lee;
removes any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the Sites, including those of Mori Lee and/or any of its users, advertisers, suppliers, clients and/or counterparties;
removes, covers or otherwise obscures any form of advertisement included on the Sites;
collects, uses, copies, or transfers any information, including, but not limited to, personally identifiable information obtained from the Sites except as expressly permitted in these Terms of Use or as the owner of such information may expressly permit, unless you have entered into a separate written agreement with Mori Lee;
infringes or uses Mori Lee’s brand, logos and/or trademarks in any business name, email, or URL or including such trademarks and/or logos except as expressly permitted by Mori Lee;
uses manual or automated software, devices, scripts robots, other means or processes to access, “scrape,” “crawl” or “spider” any web pages or other services contained in the Sites;
uses bots or other automated methods to access the Sites, add or download Content, send or redirect messages, or perform other activities through the Sites, unless explicitly permitted by Mori Lee;
accesses, via automated or manual means or processes, the Sites for purposes of monitoring their availability, performance or functionality for any competitive purpose;
engages in “framing,” “mirroring,” or otherwise simulating the appearance or function of the Sites and/or Interactive Services;
attempt to or actually override any security component included in or underlying the Sites;
engages in any action that directly or indirectly interferes with the proper working of or places an unreasonable load on the Sites’ infrastructure, including, but not limited to, sending unsolicited communications to other users or Mori Lee personnel, attempting to gain unauthorized access to the Sites, or transmitting or activating computer viruses on or through the Sites and/or Interactive Services; or
interferes with or disrupts or games the Sites and/or the Interactive Services, including, but not limited to, any servers or networks connected to Sites and/or the Interactive Services.
In order to access some features of the Sites, you may have to create an account. You may never use another’s account without permission, or allow anyone else to use your account. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep any account passwords secure. You must notify us immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Although we will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable to us for the losses of Mori Lee or others due to such unauthorized use.
You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, “robots,” “spiders,” “offline readers,” etc., that access the Sites in a manner that sends more request messages to the Mori Lee servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a conventional on-line web browser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Mori Lee grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Sites for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the Sites’ materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. We reserve the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Sites, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Sites for any commercial solicitation purposes. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Sites.
Copyright
All design, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio and video clips, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software on the Sites is owned by or licensed to Mori Lee, or Mori Lee believes it has a “fair use” right to use, all subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the Sites is the exclusive property of Mori Lee and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on the Sites is the property of Mori Lee or its software suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print in hard copy portions of the Sites for the sole purpose of using the Interactive Services or using the Sites as a resource. Any other use of materials on the Sites including, without limitation, reproduction for purposes other than those permitted above, modification, distribution, republishing, transmission, broadcast, display, sale, license, performance, exploitation, or any other purposes whatsoever, without the prior written permission of Mori Lee, is strictly prohibited. Mori Lee reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Sites and Sites’ materials and content. If you download or print a copy of the Sites’ materials or content for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained herein. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Sites or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any materials or content or enforce limitations on use of the Sites or the materials or content herein.
Trademarks
Mori Lee does not grant you any right or license to use, copy or modify any of its trademarks. All trademarks and all page headers, custom graphics and button icons are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Mori Lee may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not offered by Mori Lee, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among users or consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Mori Lee. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
Product Information
The products displayed on the Sites may not be for sale, and may not be available for order or delivery in all territories. Products displayed on the Sites may be available in select stores in the U.S, in foreign markets, or not at all. All prices displayed on the Sites are for information only and subject to change at any time. If any minor uses any goods or product displayed on the Sites, it should be only after their legal or parental guardian has discussed the product with the minor’s doctor. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by Mori Lee.
All materials and information presented on the Sites is intended to be used for personal educational or informational purposes only. The products on the Sites and the Interactive Services are for your personal use only. You may not sell or resell any products you purchase or otherwise receive from or through Mori Lee. Mori Lee reserves the right, with or without notice, to cancel or reduce the quantity of any order to be filled or products to be provided to you that may result in a violation of these Terms of Use, as determined by Mori Lee in its sole discretion.
Color Information
While Mori Lee has tried to accurately display the colors of products, the actual colors you may see will depend on your monitor, display device or screen and may not be accurate.
Responsibility for your Content
You are solely responsible for all content that you upload, download, post, email or otherwise transmit to or from the Sites, through our Interactive Services or otherwise, including the submission of product descriptions, ratings, reviews and all other data, profile information, documents, text, software, applications, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages, status updates, blog postings, forum postings, comments, questions, answers or any other materials whatsoever, whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing (collectively, “Content”).
Your Use of Content on the Sites and Limitation of Liability
Mori Lee provides the Sites and the Interactive Services and all other applications and services on the Sites as a forum only and on an “as is, where is” basis, with no representations whatsoever including, without limitation, of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Mori Lee is not liable for any statements, representations, or Content provided by its users, advertisers or any third party in any public forum on the Sites or any Third Party Site, including without limitation through the Interactive Services. Any Content, if displayed, is displayed for entertainment and informational purposes only. More generally, Content posted via or on the Sites or any Third Party Site, including through the Interactive Services, is not controlled by Mori Lee. Mori Lee cannot guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content. You understand that by using the Interactive Services, you may be exposed to Content that may be offensive, indecent or objectionable and Mori Lee shall not be liable for any such Content and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you. Under no circumstances will Mori Lee be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, for (i) any errors or omissions in any Content; or (ii) any loss or damage (including, without limitation, personal injury or property damage) of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise transmitted via or to the Sites or through the Interactive Services.
You may access the Content and any other content on the Sites only as permitted under these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy and you agree to not engage in the use, copying or distribution of any of the Content other than as expressly provided herein.
You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Sites or features that prevent or restrict use of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Sites or the Content therein. You may not interfere with or disrupt the Sites, or servers or networks connected to the Sites, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Sites, including by using any device, software or routine to bypass robot exclusion headers. Mori Lee reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Content. When using the Interactive Services, you may not disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to “scroll” faster than other users are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to engage in real time exchanges.
Your Content Submissions
By submitting Content to Mori Lee, you represent and warrant that:
you understand you are participating in a public forum and that your Content will be available to all other users of the Sites, the Interactive Services and potentially Third Party Sites;
you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property and other rights thereto (or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents and permissions to use and authorize Mori Lee to use all intellectual property and other rights thereto to enable inclusion and use of the Content in the manner contemplated by the Sites and these Terms of Use);
all “moral rights” that you may have in such Content have been voluntarily waived by you and you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the Content that you submit, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto;
all Content that you post is accurate;
you are at least 13 years old and, if you are a minor, that you have obtained the consent of your parent or legal guardian to use the Site and agree to these Terms of Use; and
use of the Content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You also represent and warrant that any Content you submit:
is not false, inaccurate or misleading;
does not harm anyone, especially minors;
does not infringe any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy of any person or entity;
does not violate any obligations you may have with respect to such Content under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as, but not limited to, inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
is not, or would not reasonably be considered to be, unlawful, harmful, defamatory, libelous, vulgar, obscene, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, abusive, tortious, threatening or harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
is not submitted for compensation or other consideration from any third party;
complies in all respects with these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy
is not unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation; and
does not contain any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
Mori Lee does not endorse any user Content or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed therein, and Mori Lee disclaims all liability with respect to the Content.
If your Content includes ideas, suggestions, documents or proposals to Mori Lee through the Interactive Services:
such Content is not confidential or proprietary and Mori Lee has no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect thereto;
Mori Lee may have something similar to that Content already under consideration or development; and
you are not entitled to compensation, payment or reimbursement of any kind for such Content from Mori Lee under any circumstances unless you are otherwise notified by Mori Lee in writing.
You own the Content you submit, and may request its deletion at any time, unless you have shared the Content with others and they have not deleted it, or it was copied or stored by other users. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for any Content that you submit, you grant Mori Lee a worldwide, perpetual, unlimited, assignable, irrevocable, fully paid up and royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, communicate, improve, distribute, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, edit, adapt, publish, translate, publicly display, publicly perform, use, create derivative works from, sell, remove, retain, add, process, analyze, use and commercialize, in any way now known or hereafter devised, such Content and/or incorporate such Content into any form, medium or technology whatsoever, whether now known or hereafter devised, throughout the world without compensation to you. This license will survive the termination of these Terms of Use and your use of the Site. Any Content you submit is at your own risk of loss. By providing Content, you represent and warrant that you are entitled to submit the information and that the information is accurate, not confidential, and not in violation of any contractual restrictions or other third party rights.
Guidelines for Interactive and Digital Services
You may not use our Interactive Services to impersonate any person or entity, including, without limitation, any Mori Lee employee, or to falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity. You may not use the Interactive Services to collect or store personal data about other users.
Mori Lee reserves the right to not post a submission or to withdraw a posted submission for any reason whatsoever or for no stated reason. Your submission may be excluded if it violates the provisions in these Terms of Use in any manner including, without limitation, false, misleading or infringing Content, fake profiles and/or any participation by under age children.
Third Party Content and Third Party Sites
Mori Lee will provide content of third parties (“Third Party Content”) and links to Third Party Sites as a service to its users. Mori Lee does not monitor, approve or have any control over any Third Party Content or the Third Party Sites and the inclusion of links to Third Party Content or Third Party Sites does not imply any association or relationship between Mori Lee and such third party. Mori Lee does not guarantee, endorse or adopt the accuracy or completeness of any Third Party Content or any Third Party Site. Mori Lee is not responsible for updating or reviewing Third Party Content or Third Party Sites. You use Third Party Content and Third Party Sites at your own risk. Third Party Content, including comments from third party users submitted to Mori Lee through the Interactive Services, do not necessarily reflect the views of Mori Lee.
Mobile Services
If you access the Sites via your mobile phone, we do not currently charge for this access. Please be aware that your carrier’s normal rates and fees, such as text messaging fees or data charges, will still apply.
Modification of Content
All Content that you submit is not confidential and may be used at Mori Lee’s sole discretion. Mori Lee may or may not pre-screen Content. However, Mori Lee will have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to pre-screen, change, condense or delete any Content on the Sites. In particular, Mori Lee and its designees will have the right to remove any Content that Mori Lee deems, in its sole discretion, to violate any provision of these Terms of Use or is otherwise objectionable. Mori Lee does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through Mori Lee to edit or delete any Content you have submitted. Mori Lee reserves the right to incorporate any Content you have submitted into any account you may have, now or in the future, as a registered user of the Sites. Ratings, written comments, questions and answers are generally posted as soon as reasonably practicable. However, Mori Lee reserves the right to delay, remove or refuse to post any submission for any reason whatsoever. You acknowledge that you, not Mori Lee, are responsible for the contents of any Content you submit. None of the Content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of Mori Lee, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
Reservation of Rights
Mori Lee reserves the right, at any time, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Interactive Services and the Sites and to block or prevent your future access to and use of the Interactive Services and the Sites. Mori Lee may access, preserve and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal process;
enforce these Terms of Use;
respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties;
respond to your requests for customer service; or
protect the rights, property or personal safety of Mori Lee (and its employees), its users and the public.
Disclaimers
SOME COUNTRIES AND JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED TERMS IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS AND AS A RESULT THE CONTENTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
MORI LEE IS PROVIDING THE SITES, THEIR CONTENTS AND THE INTERACTIVE SERVICES ON AN “AS-IS, WHERE-IS” BASIS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITES OR INTERACTIVE SERVICES, THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS, INCLUDED ON THE SITES OR AS PART OF THE INTERACTIVE SERVICES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, MORI LEE DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR EXAMPLE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN ADDITION, MORI LEE DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THE SITES OR THE INTERACTIVE SERVICES IS ACCURATE, COMPLETE OR CURRENT. INFORMATION INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PRICE AND/OR AVAILABILITY INFORMATION, IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE.
SOME COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY IN CONTRACTS WITH CONSUMERS AND AS A RESULT THE CONTENTS OF THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
MORI LEE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SITES OR THE INTERACTIVE SERVICES. THIS IS A COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THAT APPLIES TO ALL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME OR PROFIT, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Mori Lee (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers), from all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, costs, expenses, obligations and damages of every kind and nature, known and unknown, including reasonable legal fees and expenses, arising out of:
your use of and access to the Sites and the Interactive Services;
your violation of any term of these Terms of Use;
a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above regarding Content;
your violation of any law or the rights of a third party (including, without limitation, any copyright, property or privacy right); or
any claim that any Content you submitted caused damage to a third party.
This indemnification obligation will survive the termination of these Terms of Use and your use of the Sites and the Interactive Services.
DMCA
Mori Lee respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its users to do the same. It is Mori Lee’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its sole and absolute discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who repeatedly infringe or are repeatedly charged with infringing the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of others.
If you are a copyright owner, or are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, you may file a notification of copyright infringement taking place on or through the Sites as set forth below. Mori Lee will take whatever action it deems appropriate (in its sole and absolute discretion), which may include removal of the challenged material from the Sites.
To file a copyright infringement notification with us, you will need to send a written communication that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see Section 512(c)(3) of the Copyright Act to confirm these requirements):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site.
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material.
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted.
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Such written notice should be sent to our designated agent as follows:
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Complaints:
Mori Lee LLC
3155 SW 10th Street, Suite 6A1
Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442
Attention: DMCA Compliance Officer
Email: copyright@morilee.com
Please also note that under Section 512(f) any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability.
Counter-Notification
If you elect to send us a counter notice, to be effective it must be a written communication provided to our designated agent that includes substantially the following (please consult your legal counsel or see 17 U.S.C. Section 512(g)(3) to confirm these requirements):
A physical or electronic signature of the user.
Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.
A statement under penalty of perjury that the user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.
The user’s name, address, and telephone number, and a statement that the user consents to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if the user’s address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which the service provider may be found, and that the user will accept service of process from the person who provided notification under subsection (c)(1)(C) or an agent of such person.
Such written notice should be sent to our designated agent as follows:
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Complaints:
Mori Lee LLC
3155 SW 10th Street, Suite 6A1
Deerfield Beach, Florida 33442
Attention: DMCA Compliance Officer
Email: copyright@morilee.com
Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability. Please also be advised that we enforce a policy that provides for the termination in appropriate circumstances of users who are repeat infringers.
Ability to Accept Terms of Use
You affirm that you are either more than 13 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Sites are strictly not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Sites. There are lots of other great web sites for you. Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you.
Assignment
These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Mori Lee without restriction including, without limitation in the event of a change of control of Mori Lee by merger, acquisition, sale, or operation of law.
General
The Sites and Interactive Services are created and controlled by Mori Lee in the State of New York, U.S.A. As such, the internal substantive laws of the State of New York will govern these Terms of Use, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Any claim or dispute arising under or related to the Sites, the Interactive Services and/or the subject matter of these Terms of Use (including, without limitation, any controversy or claim relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these Terms of Use and/or the enforceability of this arbitration provision) shall be resolved by binding arbitration by a single arbitrator pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator shall be a former or retired judge. The award or decision rendered by the arbitrator (including liability for the legal costs and expenses of the party that substantially prevails in the dispute as set forth below) shall be final, binding, and conclusive and any court of competent jurisdiction may enter judgment upon such record. The award of the arbitrator shall include the payment of all costs and expenses including, without limitation, attorney fees, arbitration fees and all other legal fees, costs and expenses relating to the dispute, incurred by the party that the arbitrator determines substantially prevailed in the dispute, subject to the arbitrator’s sole determination. All proceedings connected with the arbitration, including hearings, shall be held in the City of New York, borough of Manhattan. This section does not preclude a party from seeking equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction.
It is the express wish of the parties that these Terms of Use and all related documents be drawn up in English.
These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Mori Lee on the Sites or elsewhere, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Mori Lee concerning the Sites. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall be unimpaired and the unenforceable term or provision shall be replaced by such enforceable term or provision as comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable term or provision. No waiver of any term of this these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Mori Lee’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Mori Lee reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use for any changes. Your use of the Sites following any amendment of these Terms of Use will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAWS, YOU AND MORI LEE AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE SITES AND THE INTERACTIVE SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN SIX (6) MONTHS AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
Terms of Use Effective Date: April 26, 2016
Choose Your Region
United States
European Union
United Kingdom
Canada
France
Italy
Germany
Spain
Portugal
Australia
Go to Morilee.com
X
By continuing on this website, you consent to our use of cookies. Read Privacy Policy
Accept & Continue
MenuOur Dresses
Wedding Dresses
Plus Size Wedding Dresses
Bridesmaid Dresses
Quinceañera Dresses
Party Dresses
Evening Dresses
Mother of the Bride Dresses
Prom Dresses
About Us
The Morilee Story
Meet Madeline Gardner
Morilee Brides
Special Tribute
Our Blog
Trunk Shows
Stores
FAQ
Log In