http://www.centurionfundmanagers.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Personal information
When you visit the Website or telephone or email Centurion, we may collect and process personal information about you, including but not limited to, your full name and contact details such as email address, home address and telephone number, user names, passwords or any other personal information deemed necessary:
when you register, log in or complete other online forms;
when you respond to requests to submit personal information about yourself (if any);
when you otherwise contact us and we may keep a record of that correspondence; or
based on any other information we receive about your transactions from our files, our affiliates or another source whether involved in your transactions or otherwise.
This information is securely held in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and can only be accessed by Centurion Fund Managers Limited or other members of the Centurion Group Limited.
Cookies
We use session cookies on the website to ensure you have read and accepted these Terms and Conditions and these will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser.
We also use Google Analytics to provide statistical information on website use which is used to generate reports on the use of our website. This information will be stored by Google, which has its own privacy policy available at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/privacy.html.
Using your personal data
We may use your personal information to send you marketing literature that you have requested or subscribed to. We will not sell, trade or transfer any personal information in any form to third parties unless ordered by a legal entity.
Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy over time and we reserve the right to make any changes. You should visit this page regularly to ensure that you are aware of any changes made as they may affect you as a visitor to our site.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with English law and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.