http://www.alphagary.com/footer/privacy-policy/11985/
News Update: Mexichem Specialty Compounds is now Alphagary.
Stay tuned for more updates.
HomePrivacy Policy
https://www.alphagary.com/blog/privacy-policy/11985/
Privacy Policy
Share:
Website Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Notice for Mexichem Speciality Compounds and its website www.mexichemspecialtycompounds.com (hereinafter referred to as: 'Website'). This Privacy Notice only applies to personal data that Mexichem Specialty Compounds and its group entities (hereinafter referred to as 'Mexichem Speciality Compounds', ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’) processes about our website visitors (hereinafter referred to as ’you’ and ‘your data’) via the Websites.
This statement will explain how we will use the personal data that we collect via the Websites and which rights you have with respect to your personal data.
This document contains the following information:
1. How we collect and use personal data
2. How we might share personal data
3. How we secure your data
4. When we will remove your data (retention periods)
5. Your rights
6. Modifications
7. Contact us
1. How we collect and use personal data
Personal data is any information that directly or indirectly identifies a natural person. Such information could include a name, e-mail address and the IP-address of your computer. We use your personal data for the purposes set out below.
A.    CUSTOMER AREA
In order to be able to log in to the customer area where you can browse our product portfolio, mark your favourite products and access more detailed information and samples, Mexichem stores your username (e-mail address) and password as well as other information such as your full name, company name, telephone number or e-mail address and, in some cases, your IP address and location.
B.    CONTACT FORMS
In order to be able to answer questions or comments via contact forms, we ask for your contact information, including your name, email address, telephone number, job role and what market you work in.[KJ2]
C.    NEWSLETTER
In order to be able to send newsletters, we ask for your name and e-mail address as well as additional information such as your job role and what market you work in so that we can send you the right content.
D.    ONLINE CAMPAIGNS
To motivate and stay connected to our customers and potential customers, Mexichem Specialty Compounds launches online campaigns frequently. Besides newsletter subscription information, we may ask for additional information like addresses, phone numbers or product usage, to provide more relevant content and messages to our visitors and users for other purposes.
E.    E-MAIL MARKETING
We may collect your e-mail address and optional your name, initials, title and additional information like company name or a functional classification, in order to send you marketing e-mails. You can stop receiving marketing emails at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in any of our marketing emails or by contacting us using the contact information below.
F.    SOCIAL MEDIA
Via social media we bring our content to our target audiences to be able to stay engaged with Mexichem in the environments that our target audiences are most active on. We can store engagement moments and behaviour like replies on our content or sent messages to our social media inboxes and messaging services. Information about social media behaviour can be connected to data about website behaviour and based on such information we can personalize your experience on our Websites.
G.    COOKIES
Mexichem Specialty Compounds uses “cookie” technology and other similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our services. This includes technical information, such as the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer or device to the internet, browser type and version, and operating system and platform as well as information about your visit, such as clickstream data to, through and from our site (including date and time) and content you have viewed or searched for. For further information about the types of cookies we use, why, and how you can control cookies, please see our Cookie Notice.
H.    LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA (EEA USERS ONLY)
If you are located in the European Economic Area ('EEA'), our legal basis for collecting and using the personal data described above will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
However, we will normally collect personal data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. This includes our legitimate interest to promote, sell and develop our products and services.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below.
2.  How we might share personal data
We might share your data with our Mexichem group entities both in and outside of the EEA.
We might share your data with third parties that provide database-, server-, maintenance-, security-, marketing- or other similar services to us (hereinafter referred to as ‘data processors’). If we provide access to your data, we require the third parties to keep your data confidential and instruct these parties to process this data only on our behalf. Some of these third parties are established in countries outside the EEA.
We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal data will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Notice. For example, if we transfer personal data from the EEA to one of our Mexichem group companies or a processor located in a country outside the EEA, such as the United States, we will implement an appropriate data export solution such as the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses or otherwise take measures to provide an adequate level of data protection in accordance with European Union data protection law.  You may contact us by using the contact details at the bottom of this privacy statement if you would like to obtain further information about the relevant data transfer agreements.
Furthermore, we might also disclose your data if we believe that the disclosure is required by law, or is in response to a legal request.
However, we have included broad wording in this section around possible sharing with third parties. This ensures that if any third parties are engaged in the future (e.g. for marketing) then notice will have been provided oreviuosly and the notice will not need to be updated.
3. How we secure your data
We implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access and against all other forms of unlawful processing. Also, we require our data processors to implement such appropriate technical and organizational measures.
4. When we will remove your data (retention periods)
Your data will be stored no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data is collected unless otherwise required by law. For example, if you delete your account, we will delete the data, unless this data is required for another purpose set out in this policy or if we are required by law to retain the data.
With respect to the specific retention periods of cookies, please check the list of cookies in our Cookie Notice.
5. Your rights
If you are located in the EEA, you may have certain rights in relation to your personal data.  You may contact us by using the contact details at the bottom of this Privacy Notice, if you wish:
-          to know whether or not we process your personal data and access your data;
-          to rectify your data;
-          to ask us to erase your data;
-          to ask us to restrict your data;
-          to object against the processing of your data; and/or
-          us to transmit your data to another organization.
We may request additional information necessary to confirm your identity. We will provide information on the actions taken without undue delay and in any event within one month of receipt of the request. That period may be extended by two further months where necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of the requests. We shall inform you of any such extension within one month of receipt of your request, together with the reasons for the delay.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority at any time.
6. Modifications
We will update our privacy notice as needed and the most recent version will be available at www.mexichemspecialitycompounds.com and www.mexichemcompuestos.com at all times. This Privacy Notice was last updated on 29-Jan-2019.
7. Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints, you can contact us at the below address or at the following e-mail contact: mscenquiries@mexichem.com
Mexichem Specialty Compounds
Attn:  Marketing Department
170 Pioneer Drive
Leominster, MA  01453 USA
Subscribe to our Blog
Receive the latest news about plastic compounds innovation.
Select your market
Automotive
Industrial & Building
Consumer Goods
Food Contact
Medical
Wire & Cable
Subscribe
Work With Us
Contact Us
Related Posts
MSA
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Read more
Tax Strategy
OUR APPROACH TO TAX
Read more
Cookies
The Mexichem Specialty Compounds website makes limited use of cookies to personalise and improve the overall experience for users without storing any kind of personal or sensitive information.
Read more