http://www.sheahomes.com/privacy-policy/
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Bristol at Baker Ranch Models
Bristol at Baker Ranch Models
Home
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
Please read this Privacy Policy along with our Terms of Use carefully (collectively, the "Agreement"). By accessing this website and the associated services or by otherwise interacting with us online, by phone, or in person (“Services”), you are expressly agreeing to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how Shea Homes® (the "Company," "we," "us," or "our", including our affiliates and partners) collects, uses and discloses your information (“Personal Information”) when you use any of our Services, including but not limited to:
Company websites, pages, sites, accounts or channels accessible through any Internet or wireless enabled device (each, a "Website");
Mobile applications;
Company online platforms and related offerings, including MySheaHome.com; and
By phone or in our locations and any other time you engage with us.
By visiting or using the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Agreement.  This Policy applies only to Shea Homes and does not apply to others, or to people that it does not employ or manage.
You must be 18 or older to use our Services. We do not knowingly collect or solicit Information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service.
Categories of Personal Information We Collect
We collect the following categories and types of Personal Information:
Contact Information: your first and last name, postal address, phone number, prior addresses, applicable license number(s), and email address;
Other identifying information: IP address, device information, computer sign-on data, unique device ID and name, media access control address, international mobile equipment identity, birth date;
Geolocation data;
Financial Information: bank account information;
Demographic Information: birth date, age, gender and employment information;
Internet or other electronic activity: your browsing and click history, email engagement information, web log information, including information about how and when you navigate within our Services;
Commercial information:  properties viewed on our website, buying preferences and priorities;
Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitude.
Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we use your data, we will notify you by revising this Privacy Policy and we may also modify this Privacy Policy otherwise.
Categories of Use
We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
Transactional Purposes: We use your contact information, other identifying information, financial information and commercial information to:
Register you on our registration page;
Confirm your registration for an event;
Respond to any inquiries you may submit through our Services;
Fulfill your home design and purchase and other transactions and services;
Otherwise communicate with you about our Services; and
To enter into a Purchase and Sale Agreement.
Analytical Purposes: We use your other identifying information, internet activity and browsing history, commercial information, and demographic information to analyze preferences, trends and statistics.
Marketing and Promotional Purposes: We use your contact information, other identifying information, commercial information, internet or other electronic activity, and inferences to:
Inform you of our new properties, services and offers;
Run contests, promotions and sweepstakes;
To inform you about upcoming communities through our Interest List on www.sheahomes.com;
Provide you with advertising; and
Provide you with other information from and about our company, including personalized marketing communications.
Maintenance and Improvement of Services and Website: We use your contact information, other identifying information, commercial information, and internet activity and browsing history to:
Provide and maintain our Services; and
Help us diagnose technical and service problems with our Services.
Security and Fraud Prevention: We use your contact information, other identifying information, commercial information, financial information, geolocation data, internet activity and browsing history, and inferences to protect this website, our company, and others and to prevent fraud and misconduct.
Sources of Personal Information
We Collect Information From You Directly.
We collect contact information, financial information, demographic information, commercial information, and other identifying information directly from you.
We Collect Information From You Passively.
We also collect Internet or other electronic activity from you passively. Whenever you interact with our Service, we automatically receive and record technical information such as your device, IP address, "cookie" information, the version of your operating system ("OS"), and the page you requested. When you use the Service on a mobile platform, we may also collect and record your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control ("MAC") address, international mobile equipment identity ("IMEI"), your device name, and your location (based on your IP address). We may also collect information regarding your activity on the Service (both individually and on an aggregate basis) and your interactions with other users of the Service.
We Collect Information from Third Parties
We collect your contact information, financial information, and internet or other electronic activity from third party advertisers, networks, and service providers who assist us in managing or providing the Service (e.g., payment processors) and who collect some of the information described above. These third parties also help us understand how users interact with our content or offerings. We may also collect demographic information about our users from third parties, to more effectively deliver the Service or content in which we think you would be interested. We also collect contact information, financial information, and inferences from credit bureaus and other third-party verification services.  Unless you have been notified otherwise, all information collected through our authorized third-party service providers remains governed by security and confidentiality obligations consistent with this Policy and applicable law.
Some users may choose to connect to our Websites or Services using third-party account credentials (for example, your Facebook login or YouTube account). If you choose to connect your account using a third-party account, you understand some of your Information may be shared with us or the respective third-party platform. Your information may also be subject to separate policies of such third-party platform. You should review those policies before providing consent. Connecting your account to third-party applications or services is optional. You can revoke this permission anytime in your account settings.
Combining Information
We may combine information that you give us with publicly available information and information that we receive from or cross-reference with third parties. We use that combined information to communicate with you directly about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional and commercial purposes.
When We Share Information with Third Parties
We share your Personal Information with third parties as listed below and as otherwise described elsewhere in this Policy:
Service Providers
We employ and allow third parties to perform tasks on our behalf such as data management and analytics, marketing, advertising, communication and IT services, construction services and other post-close of escrow services related to new home ownership, financial and criminal background checks and we need to share your Personal Information with them in order for them to provide such products and services. Unless we tell you differently or you consent otherwise, these third parties do not have any right to use your Personal Information beyond what is necessary to assist us in providing such products and services. Any uses of your Information by these third parties will remain governed by security and confidentiality obligations consistent with this Policy and applicable law.
Company Affiliates
Subject to applicable laws, we may share your Personal Information with companies with whom Company is affiliated or related to (e.g., joint venture partners, owners of projects we manage, Bluestar, Shea Mortgage, etc.), and will require such affiliated or related companies to use the Information solely in accordance with this Policy.
Our Partners
We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers, so that they may contact you to address inquiries that you may have submitted and to provide you with services that you may wish to receive (such as master plan builders, landscape companies, telecommunications providers and solar energy providers to name a few).
Business Transfers
We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer Information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired or merged, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Protection of Company and Others
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any Personal Information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, interests, or safety of our Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud and criminal protection and credit risk reduction.
Aggregated and Anonymized Information
We may share your email address and other personal information with Facebook, Google and other third parties, but only in a “hashed” form. Hashed information will be used for analysis and creating custom audiences for marketing purposes.
Sharing by You
Certain Services (e.g. MyTrilogyLife.com) offered are social by their very nature, so your participation in such a Service will allow others to see your name and/or username, profile picture, social profile, and any other content you upload or disclose through that profile.
Credit Bureaus
We share contact information and commercial information with credit bureaus for purposes of credit reporting.
Law Enforcement and Courts
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law.  In certain limited circumstances we may elect, but are not obligated, to collect credit, financial, litigation and criminal history. We may disclose any category of Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property, or rights of our company or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Advertisements
Some of our Services allow advertisers and their networks to collect and use certain anonymous Personal Information about you (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) to provide advertisements of potential interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third-party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org or www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive that contains information about the user. We use cookies and similar technologies (e.g. web beacons, pixel tags, or other device identifiers) to store login information and recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off, and across different Services and devices. When a customer fills out a form on our site, such as when registering for Home Owner Services or signing up for Notify Me! The contents of the form is saved in a cookie on their hard drive. The next time the customer needs information, such as when submitting a customer service request, or requesting Notify Me! on another community, the information is automatically populated for them from the cookie. We never link cookies to personally identifiable information. Our use of cookies is specific to storing registration/form information so the user will not have to enter it more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback is that the user will be limited in some areas of our site such as the Service Request Form, which uses the information stored in the cookie to submit a customer service request. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy.
We use Google Analytics on our web sites to collect usage data, to analyze how users use the web sites and to provide advertisements to you on other websites. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Your Choices
You can always opt not to disclose Personal Information or to disable certain tools on your browser or device. However, this may limit your ability to fully utilize the Services.
You may be able to add, update, or delete Personal Information as explained above. When you update Information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised Information in our records. Please note that some Personal Information may remain in our records for legitimate business reasons even after your deletion of such Personal Information, such as our analyzing aggregated data regarding past usage of the Services (but not in a manner that would identify you personally), or to fulfill any contractual obligations that we may have with you.
You can opt in to receive mobile push notifications from the Company. If you change your mind later and no longer want to receive these notifications, you can use your device's settings functionality to turn them off.
If you don't want to receive certain e-mail or other communications from us, you can adjust your email preferences from your account, or opt-out by clicking on the link provided in the emails.
Customers who no longer wish to receive certain materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying with "Unsubscribe" in the subject line of the email, or email us at info@sheahomes.com with “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of the email.
To remove your email address from those that can be hashed and shared, please email us at privacy@sheahomes.com.
Links
Our Services may contain links to other websites or allow others to send you such links.  A link to a third party’s website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it.  We do not exercise control over third-party websites.  You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk.  You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before providing any information to the website.
The Security of Your Information
The security of your Information is important to us. We take commercially reasonable security measures, including administrative, technical, and physical safeguards, to protect your Information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
If you have a MySheaHome account, it is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately. To help protect your Personal Information, you should not share your account information or password, reuse your password on other sites, or use a password you have used on other sites.
We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.
Where Your Personal Information Will Be Held
In order to provide the Service, the Information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside of your country and the European Economic Area ("EEA"), and in particular the United States. It may also be processed by any service providers appointed by us who operate outside of the EEA and their staff. By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing outside of the EEA or your country and acknowledge that not all countries guarantee the same level of protection for your Information as the one in which you reside. Data transferred will be treated in accordance with this Policy and, where applicable, the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information through our web site from those we actually know are under age 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under age 18.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you have certain privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA Rights”). This section generally describes those rights and how you can exercise them with Shea Homes.
CCPA Rights Requests
Right to Know Information
You can request what Personal Information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months.
You can request the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. To submit a request for this information, please click here. You can also call us at (877) 297-3445 to submit your request by phone.
Right to Know Categories of Information
You can also request the following categories of information:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you.
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we shared personal information.
To request these categories of information about you, please click here. You can also call us at (877) 291-4824 to submit your request by phone.
For all requests to know described above, you must provide us with your full name, physical address, email address, telephone number and whether you are an existing homeowner or not.  Failure to provide all of the foregoing information will prevent us from processing your request. Further, in order to verify your identity, we will match that information to the information we have in our systems. In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf you must send a signed, written authorization to Shea Homes, Attn: OST-Privacy, 8800 N Gainey Center Drive, Ste 350, Scottsdale, AZ 85258.
Right to Deletion
You can also request that we delete your Personal Information. We may not delete all of your Personal Information if one of the following exceptions applies:
Transactional: to complete a transaction for which the Personal Information was collected, provide a good or service requested by you, or perform a contract we have with you;
Security: to detect data security incidents;
Error Correction: to debug or repair any errors;
Legal: to protect against fraud or illegal activity or to comply with applicable law or a legal obligation, or exercise rights under the law, such as the right to free speech; or
Internal Use: to use your Personal Information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information (i.e. to improve our services);
As otherwise appropriate and permitted by applicable law (including CCPA).
We will also maintain a record of your CCPA Rights requests.
Please note that if we delete your Personal Information, many of our services will not work the same or at all. For example, your previous opt out requests will not be saved, saved preferences and information will no longer be available.
To submit a request to delete, please click here. You can also call us at (877) 299-1116 to submit your request by phone.  You must provide us with full name, physical address, email address, telephone number and whether you are an existing homeowner or not.  Failure to provide all of the foregoing information will prevent us from processing your request. Further, in order to verify your identity, we will match that information to the information we have on our systems. In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf you must send a signed, written authorization to Shea Homes, Attn: CCPA Processing, 8800 N Gainey Center Drive, Ste 350, Scottsdale, AZ 85258.
If you wish to make multiple requests under this section, we recommend sending the deletion request last, as we will not be able to fulfill your other requests once we have deleted your Personal Information.
Do Not Sell My Information: For CA Residents Only
Personal Information that We Sell
We may “sell” (as sell is defined in CCPA) the following categories of Personal Information:
Contact Information;
Demographic Information; and
Commercial information
We “sell” this information to companies who may contact you to provide services for you such as master plan developers, solar providers, landscape companies, telecommunications providers and other service providers for your home.  We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under the age of 16.
Right to Opt Out of Sale
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties, as “sale” is defined under CCPA.
To submit a request to opt out of the sale of your personal information, please click here. You can also call us at (877) 298-6159 to submit your request by phone.  You must provide us with your full name and email address. full name, physical address, email address, telephone number and whether you are an existing homeowner or not.  Failure to provide all of the foregoing information will prevent us from processing your request.  In order to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf, you must send a signed, written authorization to Shea Homes, Attn: OST-Privacy, 8800 N Gainey Center Drive, Ste 350, Scottsdale, AZ 85258.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA Rights and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide you with a lesser quality of services if you exercise any of your CCPA Rights.
Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights
Under California’s Shine the Light Law (Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84), California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Shea Homes, Attn: OST-Privacy, 8800 N Gainey Center Drive, Ste 350, Scottsdale, AZ 85258. We will respond to one request per California customer each year.
California Do Not Track Disclosure: Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. At this time, we do not respond to Web browser "do not track" settings or signals. As described in the Cookies section above, we deploy cookies and other technologies on our Service to collect information about you and your browsing activity, even if you have turned on the Do Not Track signal.
Supplemental Notice to Nevada Residents/Your Nevada Privacy Rights
If you are a Nevada resident and  would like to request to opt out from any sale (per Nev. Rev. Stat. 603A) of your personal information to anyone so that they can license or sell the personal information to others, please email privacy@sheahomes.com.  Please title your email "Nevada Opt Out from Sale" and include your full name and the email address for the account you are contacting us about.  Please only include one request per email message.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will inform you by posting those changes on our home page.  We reserve the right not to provide any other notice.  We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  Those changes will go into effect on the “Updated” date shown in the revised Privacy Policy.  By continuing to use the website, you are consenting to the revised Privacy Policy.
PLEASE PRINT A COPY OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR YOU RECORDS AND PLEASE CHECK THE SITE FREQUENTLY FOR ANY CHANGES.
How To Contact Us
Should you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please send an email to privacy@sheahomes.com.
I WANT MORE INFO
Get homebuying tips, community news, and other updates from Shea.
*Required Fields
First Name*
First Name Required
First Name Invalid Format
Last Name*
Last Name Required
Last Name Invalid Format
Email Address*
Valid Email Required
Email Required
ZIP Code*
ZIP Code Required
Only Accepting Requests from US and Canada
Phone*
Please provide a phone number to receive SMS/text updates.
Invalid Phone format
SMS/Text Opt-In
Yes, I also want to receive SMS/text updates from Shea Homes (MSG&Data rates may apply)
THANKS FOR SIGNING UP!
Keep an eye on your inbox for all the latest news and updates from Shea, including tips for buying a home, community info, and more.
Close
SAVE YOUR FAVORITES
Save communities, homes, and even site searches to your My Shea Home account so you can easily pick up where you left off.Click here to sign in.
Don't have an account yet? Create one now.
Close
Are you sure you want to remove this from your favorites?
Yes
Oops, no thank you.
Close
Saved!
You can find this search in your My Shea Home account, under Favorites.
Contact Shea Homes
How Can We Help You?
INTEREST LIST
Receive news and email updates about communities you like.
JOIN THE INTEREST LIST
SCHEDULE A VISIT
Submit a request to schedule a visit with one of our representatives.
SCHEDULE A VISIT
GENERAL INQUIRIES
Submit a request for information or leave a comment.
SUBMIT INQUIRY
Service Request
For current homeowners to contact customer care.
SUBMIT REQUEST
Close