http://www.incitecpivot.com.au/terms
Home
Terms of Use
08.11.2013
Incitec Pivot Limited Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Incitec Pivot grants you permission to download one copy of the material on this website in the usual course of operating your web browser, for your personal non-commercial use. You may also print hard copies of the material on this website for non-commercial use, provided you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices on that material.
Trade Mark Statement
All trade marks, service marks, trade names, branding and get-up (trade dress) on this website belong to Incitec Pivot or its licensors. Incitec Pivot does not give you any licence or right to use them.
General Disclaimer
This website has been compiled by Incitec Pivot on the basis of current general information. Changes in circumstances after publication may affect the completeness or accuracy of this information. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Incitec Pivot disclaims all liability for any errors or omissions contained in this information or any failure to update or correct this information. It is your responsibility to assess and verify the accuracy, completeness and reliability of the information on this website, and to seek professional advice where necessary. Without limitation, all information about products and their use:
shall be taken as a guide only (for example, in the case of fertilisers, their use is not the only factor affecting crop yields; you should also take local soil, climatic and other conditions into account as these could affect crop responses to applied fertilisers);
should not be relied upon by you as a substitute for seeking professional advice in relation to the use of the products;
is provided subject to the user's overriding obligation, prior to use, to assess and control any risks arising from the use of the product (for example, in the case of fertilisers, Incitec Pivot cannot anticipate or control the conditions under which the product may be used); and
should be viewed and downloaded or printed in its entirety so that you have all the information that has been made available.
Nothing contained on this website is to be interpreted as a recommendation to use any product, process or formulation or any information on this website in a manner which infringes the intellectual property rights of any person, company or entity. Incitec Pivot makes no representations or warranties that use of the information on this website will not infringe such intellectual property rights.
Incitec Pivot makes no representation that the products displayed on this website are currently available or that their specifications are current and complete. Display of any product does not constitute an offer or undertaking by Incitec Pivot.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Incitec Pivot makes this website and its contents available on an "as is" basis and Incitec Pivot makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this website or its contents. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Incitec Pivot disclaims any such representations or warranties as to the completeness, accuracy, merchantability or fitness for purpose of this website, including without limitation the information on this website, products referred to on this website and any email correspondence between you and Incitec Pivot.
Except to the extent that there is an express statement to the contrary, nothing contained on this website amounts to an invitation to deal in shares or other securities issued by Incitec Pivot. Please seek independent professional advice before making a decision to invest in Incitec Pivot.
Limitation of Liability
The use of the information on this website is at your own risk. Incitec Pivot, its directors, employees, shareholders, agents and other representatives will not, under any circumstances, be liable for any injury, loss or damage arising out of or related to the use, or inability to use, the information on this website or provided through this website by email.
This limitation of liability includes, but is not limited to, compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and third party claims.
Links
Subject to obtaining prior written consent, Incitec Pivot permits linking to this website, provided that the full html page is loaded. Any such links must not incorporate Incitec Pivot's trade marks or service marks, and must not be used to disparage or otherwise detrimentally affect the reputation of Incitec Pivot or its related corporations.
Information on this website may include links to the websites of others. These links are provided for your convenience only. Incitec Pivot does not endorse, guarantee or approve the content or accuracy of these websites, and does not recommend the products, services or information on these websites.
Incitec Pivot does not warrant that information on any third party websites is free from computer viruses or any defects, errors or infringements of intellectual property rights, nor does Incitec Pivot authorise any such infringement by providing these links.
Incitec Pivot disclaims liability for any loss or damage whatsoever arising from your use of links to third party websites.
Unsolicited ideas
It is Incitec Pivot's policy not to accept information from third parties which is confidential or proprietary. If you wish to retain the confidentiality of your material, do not submit it to us via email or otherwise.
Any unsolicited ideas you submit to Incitec Pivot will become Incitec Pivot's property, and Incitec Pivot may reproduce, disclose, transmit, broadcast or otherwise use those ideas, without any obligation to compensate you. This will apply even if your material includes a statement as to confidentiality contrary to these terms of use.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify Incitec Pivot, its directors, employees, shareholders, agents and other persons involved in the creation of this website for all damages, losses, penalties, fines, expenses and costs (including legal costs) which arise out of or relate to your use of this website, any information that you provide to Incitec Pivot via this website or any damage that you may cause to this website. This indemnification includes, without limitation, liability relating to copyright infringement, defamation, invasion of privacy, trade mark infringement and breaches of the Australian Trade Practices Act 1974 (Cth).
Jurisdiction and Severance
If a dispute arises regarding these terms of use, the laws of the State of Victoria, Australia, will apply. In relation to any such dispute, you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Victoria, Australia, and the courts of appeal from them, and waive any rights that you may have to challenge the appropriateness of that forum.
If you access this website in a jurisdiction other than Victoria, Australia, you are responsible for compliance with the laws of that jurisdiction, to the extent that they apply.
If any provision of these terms of use is held invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, these terms of use remain otherwise in full force and effect apart from such provision which will be read down to the extent of the invalidity, unenforceability or illegality, and if it is not possible to read down the provision it will be deleted.
Privacy Policy
Incitec Pivot's commitment to its contractors, customers, shareholders and the community is spelled out in the company's Privacy Policy.
Related Articles
Corporate Governance
Our Board is committed to achieving and demonstrating the highest standards of corporate governance.
09.12.2020