http://www.lyonsinfo.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Menu
Main navigation
Home
About us
Why LYONS?
Products
LQATS – Lyons Quality Audit Tracking System
GradeCard® – Supplier Performance Management System
LLMS – Lyons Laboratory Management System
GPM – Global Performance Monitoring System
Services
Hosting
Custom Solutions Development
Training & Professional Services
Resources
News
White Papers
Case Studies
Brochures
Product Videos
LQATS – Lyons Quality Audit Tracking System
LLMS - Lyons Laboratory Management System
Value Analyzer
Faqs
General Questions
Quality Audit Tracking (LQATS)
Laboratory Management System (LLMS)
QMS Audit Pro
Global Performance Monitor (GPM)
Supplier Performance Management (GradeCard®)
Contact Us
QMS Audit Pro Pricing
Request a demo
Privacy PolicyLyons Information Systems, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. To that end, LYONS has created this privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") governing our use of the information that is collected through the Web Site and any interactive sessions in which you participate.Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information about you including your use of a Web Site. LYONS does not employ cookies to recognize you or your selections of pages that you make while visiting our Web Site. We also do not use cookies to track the usage of our Web Site.Log Files
We do not use log files to capture your IP address, track user's movements, or gather demographic information. We do not track any IP addresses of our visitors that may be linked to personally identifiable information.Users Outside of the United States
While we make every effort to honor the laws and wishes of all users, this Web Site is available for worldwide users.Registration for a Demo
To schedule a demo of one or more of our products, you will be asked to complete a registration form. LYONS may use this contact information as a means of confirmation of your identity, position, interest in our products or relationship to a particular enterprise or company. We will also use the information to contact you to schedule a web demo. The information provided by a user who registers for a web demo is not given or sold to any third-party advertisers, marketing research firms, or any other requests for the information from parties outside of Lyons Information Systems, Inc. The information is considered private and confidential and will be treated as such.Lyons Information Systems, Incprovides solutions to plug the profit leaks. We deliver innovative and cost-effective supply chain management, quality assurance and laboratory information systems to worldwide manufacturers.LinksContactPrivacy PolicyContact infoLyons Information Systems, Inc.Toll free: 866-351-4287
919-771-1510
Fax: 919-341-4304lis@lyonsinfo.com © 2020 Lyons Information Systems, Inc.