http://www.exoticsilks.com/privacy.php
World WideOver 1400 Silks
Wholesale 15yd cuts (Velvet 28yds)
My Account  |  View Cart / Checkout
Home » Privacy and Security Policy
Shop
Fabric »
Scarves »
Artist's Items »
Prints Gallery
Handpaints
Sale Items
Sample Packs
Ordering Policy
Custom Orders
Free Catalog
Gift Items
Lingerie
Notions »
Contact Us
Sample Packs
ASSORTED
Complete Sample
Set of 1400 Silks
ARTISTS
144 Silks
BASIC
511 Silks
BRIDAL
BROCADES
PRINTS
VELVETS
Special!
Custom Orders
from The East
Artist Items
Scarves, Shawls,
Silk Garments
FABRIC SCRAPS
VELVET SCRAPS
Information
Sales Agents
Trade Shows
Privacy Policy
Customer Showcase
Useful Links
Privacy and Security Policy
User Provided Information Collection
Exotic Silks is the sole owner of the information collected on exoticsilks.com. Exotic Silks collects information from our users on our order form and free catalog sign up.
A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's
orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. The information collected on Free Catalog form will be used to mail the user a catalog.
Other Information Collection
We store information that we collect through cookies and log files. This information may be used in aggregate to improve the content of our site.
Communications from Exotic Silks
We send all customers an email confirming their order. Customers will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account or orders.
Sharing of Infomation
All personally identifiable information collected will be kept in strict confidence and will never be given, shared, rented, leased or sold to any third party without prior consent. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our account/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked.
Any questions or concerns about our privacy and security policy should be directed to our staff.
Shopping Cart0 items
Search
Printed Scarf Sale
Printed Silk ScarvesFlyer • Products
Velvet Sale
Starts Oct 17View Flyer
New Prices!
New Low PricesView Flyer
COVID-19
View our latest COVID Protocols
On Sale Now
Velvet, 45" - (000) Natural
Newsletter
Enter your email to receive our newsletter.(More information)
WRITE, E-MAIL, OR PHONE TODAY
For Samples & Catalog
Phone: 650-965-7760 or 800-845-7455
Fax: 650-965-0712
E-Mail: silks@exoticsilks.com
1959 B Leghorn, Mountain View, CA, 94043
© 2020 Exotic Silks. All rights reserved.