http://www.nscu.org/personal-services/bank/mobile-banking/mobile-app-help
Skip to main content
LoginPaymentsLocationsContactSearch
Search
Close Online Banking Login
First Time User
Mobile Banking
Quick Links
Business Checking AccountsMerchant ServicesChecking AccountsDirect Deposit
NorthStar Mobile App Quick Start Guide
NorthStar CU Mobile App
Access your account information anytime, anywhere with NorthStar's Mobile App!
To access our new mobile app:
Download “NorthStar CU” from your app store.
Click on the "Locked" icon on the home screen and access your account information using your It's Me 24/7 home banking login credentials.
Features of the new NorthStar app include:
Turn your debit card on or off through Manage My Cards
Access to balance information and transaction history
Quick Transfer to move money fast when you're on the go
Mobile deposit of checks through Click Deposit
Online bill pay including person-to-person payments
View nearby NorthStar branch locations and ATMs
View rates and apply for a consumer loan
And more!
NorthStar CU Mobile App Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Click Deposit
Save time and use your mobile device to deposit checks through Click Deposit!
Note: You must have a functioning camera on your device and request access for this service.
To request access for Click Deposit:
1.)  Open the “NorthStar CU” app on your device.
2.)  Click the “Move Money” tab on the bottom blue menu
3.)  Click the "Deposit Check" icon
4.)  Click the "Register" button
Login using your It's Me 24/7 home banking login credentials
Accept the Mobile Deposit Capture End User Agreement & Disclosure
5.)  Click “Submit” to send your request for Click Deposit to our Member Services department
Upon approval, a member of our team will contact you to confirm that Click Deposit is now activated for your use.   Registration typically takes less than 24 hours.
Members must first register to use this service. Some members might not quality for this service based on account history and delinquencies. If you experience problems registering, call 1-630-393-7201 Opt. 2.
NSCU Mobile Deposit Capture End User Agreement & Disclosure
Click Deposit Demo
Click Deposit FAQ
What is Click Deposit?
Click Deposit is a service that allows our members to photograph checks and transmit the images to NorthStar Credit Union for posting and clearing to your account. This service eliminates a trip to the branch or ATM to make your deposit, saving you time.
Is Click Deposit safe/secure?
Click Deposit uses the same level of security and encryption standards as online banking, ensuring that member deposits and personal information are completely safe.
Am I eligible to use Click Deposit - How do I enroll?
Members can download the mobile app and click move money within the app to log into home banking and register.  Upon receiving your request, a member of our team will contact you within one business day regarding your approval and login instructions if applicable.
Is there a cost to use Click Deposit?
No, Click Deposit is a free service that saves you time and the expense of making a trip to a branch or ATM.
How do I access Click Deposit – Mobile?
To access Click Deposit, visit the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, search for Click Deposit and download the app.
Is Click Deposit right for me?
Everyone who receives checks can benefit from Click Deposit. With the ability to make deposits from anywhere at any time, it's faster, safer, and more convenient than making a trip to a branch or ATM.
Do I need to include a deposit slip with my check?
For your convenience, a deposit slip is not required.
How do I verify that a check has been accepted?
To check the status of a deposit, log into the application and click on the “VIEW MOBILE CHECK HISTORY” button. The last 30 days of deposit history for all statuses will be displayed "pending," "rejected," or "accepted."
Can I deposit more than one check at a time?
Only one check can be deposited at a time.
How many checks can I deposit using Click Deposit?
You can deposit:
up to five checks per day with a maximum deposit amount per day of $2,000.00; and
up to $15,000.00 per rolling 30 days.
If I discover I've entered an incorrect amount for a deposited check, should I re-deposit the check?
A check can only be deposited into Mobile Deposit once. If you've entered the check amount incorrectly, it will most likely be in a pending status awaiting further review. You can verify this by going to “VIEW MOBILE CHECK HISTORY” and viewing the status of the deposit. In many cases a representative will review the deposit and correct the amount, allowing the check to process. However, if you do not see that the check is in a pending status, please contact the credit union at 630-393-7201 Opt. 2.
Can I use Click Deposit to deposit funds to accounts other than NorthStar Credit Union checking accounts, savings accounts or a loan?
All eligible deposit accounts will appear in the Accounts list.   If an account is not listed, it will not be eligible to receive deposits via Click Deposit.  Shared branching deposits or deposits for other financial institutions cannot be accepted using Click Deposit.
When am I able to submit my deposits?
You can make a deposit using the Click Deposit App anytime, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.  Checks scanned, received and accepted by 3:00 p.m. (CST) Monday - Friday will be posted to your account on the same business day, if there are no issues with your check or it doesn't need to be reviewed for various reasons. Items received after 3:00 p.m. (CST) on any business day will be posted the next business day. Deposits made on a non-business day, such as weekends and holidays, will be posted the next available business day.  For questions regarding the availability of a deposit you can contact a member of our team at 630-393-7201 Opt. 2.
Do I need to endorse a check submitted with Click Deposit?
For a check to be accepted, a special endorsement is required. All checks submitted should be endorsed with your signature as well as the words “for mobile deposit only” on the back of the check.
What types of checks does Click Deposit accept?
Acceptable check types include: personal checks, business checks, money orders, and cashier's checks drawn from domestic U.S. institutions in U.S. currency.
Checks made payable to a business may only be deposited to a business account titled in the same name as the payee.
Note that Government checks are often problematic and are not recommended for Click Deposit. We suggest you bring those to the branch to ensure timely availability of your funds.
What types of checks does Click Deposit NOT accept?
Unacceptable check types include:
Third-party check
A third- party check is a check payable to an individual that is not a signer on the account.
Checks written for more than $2,000
A check written for an amount more than the maximum Click Deposit limit of $2,000.  Please speak with a Financial Services Representative if you require a higher limit.
NorthStar Credit Union Check Drawn on Personal Account
The deposit of a personal check that is drawn on the same account holder's personal checking at NorthStar Credit Union is PROHIBITED. Deposits of this nature will result in the immediate revocation of this service and may subject you to collection efforts.
Checks with restrictive, qualified or conditional endorsements
A check written with restrictive endorsement such as “for deposit only” or “for collection”; a qualified endorsement such as “Payable to NorthStar Credit Union without recourse”; or a conditional endorsement such as “Pay to the order of John Doe upon the satisfactory completion of his plumbing contract”.
Checks payable to multiple non-member parties
Checks payable to more than one individual where all parties are not signers on the account.  For example, a check payable to Jane Doe & XYZ Insurance where XYZ Insurance is not a signer on the account.
Non-Negotiable Items
The deposit of any item stamped with a "non-negotiable" watermark is PROHIBITED. Deposits of this nature will result in the immediate revocation of this service and may subject you to collection efforts.
Savings Bonds
Any type of government issued savings bond.
Foreign Checks / Foreign Money Orders
A check or money order that is issued by a financial institution in another country (Canada, France, etc.) may ONLY be deposited in person or by mail to NorthStar Credit Union, 3 S 555 Winfield Road, Warrenville, IL 60555.  Fees may apply.
Stale Dated or Post Dated Checks
Any check received >12 months after issuance, checks containing instructions such as: "Void after 90 days " or "must be cashed within 6 months of issue date" that have already expired based on the issue date, or checks written for a date in the future.
Incomplete, Damaged or Non-legible Checks
An incomplete check that does not contain signatures of the maker, endorsement signatures, or is missing any of the information required.  A damaged check that is torn or missing pieces.  A non-legible check that is impossible or hard to read due to size, saturation of ink or other reasons.
Altered Checks
Any check that contains evidence of a change (correction fluid, crossed out amounts, etc.) to information on the face of the check. Members with altered checks MUST get a replacement check from the maker before NorthStar Credit Union will accept the deposit.
What should I do with my check after using Click Deposit?
It is suggested that you retain your check in a safe and secure place for a minimum period of 45 days after it has been converted to a digital image and processed.  You can destroy the check after this period has expired.  DO NOT mail the check to the credit union.
What devices are compatible with Click Deposit?
Mobile Devices
iPhone and iPad (iOS 9.0+), Android (v4.4+)
Where do I go if I have a question not included on this list?
For all other questions, please call us at 630-393-7201 Opt. 2 or email a member of our team at memberservices@nscu.org.