http://www.akabusi.com/terms
Terms & ConditionsWelcome to The Akabusi Company website terms & conditions.  The terms & conditions apply to the whole of www.akabusi.com and are issued by The Akabusi Company.This page tells you about the terms for using the Website and the terms on which the Company supplies any of the goods listed on the Website. You should print a copy of these Terms for future reference.  By using the Website, and/or by ordering any of the Goods from the Website, you agree to be legally bound by these Terms, regardless of whether or not you choose to register with the Company.  If you do not accept these Terms, do not access or use the Website or order any Goods. How the Company uses your data is governed by the Privacy Policy.INTRODUCTIONThe Company’s VAT number is 458 8326 09.  By accessing any part of the Website, you shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms in full. If you do not accept these Terms in full, you must leave the Website immediately.  The Company may revise these Terms at any time. Please review these Terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by the Company. Your continued use of the Website after changes are made means that you agree to be legally bound by these Terms as updated and/or amended.ACCESS AND YOUR STATUSThe Website can be accessed in accordance with these terms & conditions, and by placing an order through the Website, you warrant that you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts.SERVICE AVAILABILITYWhile the Company endeavours to ensure that the Website is normally available 24 hours a day, the Company shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.    Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond the Company’s control. USE OF THE WEBSITEYou may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use the Website content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any Website content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of Website content requires the Company’s prior written permission.VISITOR MATERIAL AND CONDUCTOther than personally identifiable information, which is covered under the Privacy Policy, any material you transmit or post to the Website shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. The Company shall have no obligations with respect to such material. The Company and its designees shall be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes.  You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the Website any material:(a) That is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience; (b) For which you have not obtained all necessary licences and/or approvals(c)   Which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in any country in the world;(d)  Which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).You may not misuse the Website (including, without limitation, by hacking).  The Company shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing it to disclose the identity of or locate anyone who breaches these clauses.LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITESLinks to third party websites on the Website are provided solely for your convenience. If you use such a link, you will leave the Website. The Company has not reviewed all of these third party websites and do not control and are not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. The Company therefore does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the Website, you do so entirely at your own risk.  If you would like to link to the Website, you may only do so on the basis that you link to, but do not replicate, the home page of the Website, and subject to the following conditions:(a) You do not remove, distort or otherwise alter the size or appearance of The Akabusi Company logo;(b) You do not create a frame or any other browser or border environment around the Website(c)  You do not in any way imply that the Company is endorsing any Goods or services other than its own;(d) You do not misrepresent your relationship with the Company nor present any other false information about the Company(e)  You do not otherwise use any trade marks displayed on the Website without express written permission from the Company;(f) You do not link from a website that is not owned by you; and(g) Your website does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, infringes any intellectual property rights or other rights of any other person or otherwise does not comply with all applicable laws and regulations.The Company expressly reserves the right to revoke the rights granted breach of these Terms and to take any action it deems appropriate.  You shall fully indemnify the Company for any loss or damage suffered.DISCLAIMERWhile the Company endeavours to ensure that the information on the Website is correct, the Company does not warrant the accuracy and completeness of the material on the Website. The Company may make changes to the material on the Website, or to the Goods and prices described in it, at any time without notice. The material on the Website may be out of date, and the Company makes no commitment to update such material.  The material on the Website is provided "as is", without any conditions, warranties or other terms of any kind. Accordingly, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company provides you with the Website on the basis that the Company excludes all representations, warranties, conditions and other terms (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill) which, but for these Terms, might have effect in relation to the Website.  HOW A CONTRACT IS FORMED BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANYAfter placing an order on the Website, you will receive an e-mail from PayPal once payment has been successfully received.  All orders are subject to acceptance by the Company, and the Company will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an e-mail that confirms that the Goods have been dispatched. The contract between the Company and you (“Contract”) will only be formed when the Company sends you the Dispatch Confirmation.  The Contract will relate only to those Goods whose dispatch the Company has confirmed in the Dispatch Confirmation. The Company will not be obliged to supply any other Goods which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such Goods has been confirmed in a separate Dispatch Confirmation.COMPANY’S STATUSPlease note that in some cases, the Company accepts orders as agents on behalf of third party sellers.  The resulting legal contract is between you and that third party seller, and is subject to the terms and conditions of that third party seller, which they will advise you of directly.  You should carefully review their terms and conditions applying to the transaction.  The Company may also provide links on the Website to the websites of other companies, whether affiliated with the Company or not.  The Company cannot give any undertaking, that products you purchase from third party sellers through the Website, or from companies to whose website the Company has provided a link on the Website, will be of satisfactory quality, and any such warranties are DISCLAIMED by the Company absolutely.  This DISCLAIMER does not affect your statutory rights against the third party seller.  The Company will notify you when a third party is involved in a transaction, and the Company may disclose your customer information related to that transaction to the third party seller.CONSUMER RIGHTSIf you are contracting as a consumer, you may cancel a Contract at any time within seven working days, beginning on the day after you received the Goods. In this case, you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the Goods in accordance with the Company refund policy as set out below.  To cancel a Contract, you must inform the Company in writing. You must also return the Goods to the Company immediately, in the same condition in which you received them, and at your own cost and risk.  You have a legal obligation to take reasonable care of the Goods while they are in your possession. If you fail to comply with this obligation, the Company may have a right of action against you for compensation. This provision does not affect your statutory rights.AVAILABILITY AND DELIVERYYour order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Dispatch Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then within 30 days of the date of the Dispatch Confirmation, unless there are exceptional circumstances.  RISK AND TITLEThe Goods will be at your risk from the time of delivery.  Ownership of the Goods will only pass to you when the Company receives full payment of all sums due in respect of the Goods, including delivery charges.PRICE AND PAYMENTThe price of any Goods will be as quoted on the Website from time to time, except in cases of obvious error.  Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which the Company has already sent you a Dispatch Confirmation.  Payment for all Goods must be by credit or debit card. COMPANY’S REFUND POLICYWhen you return Goods to the Company:(a)  Because you have cancelled the Contract with the Company within the seven-day cooling-off period, the Company will process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day you have given notice of your cancellation. In this case, the Company will refund the price of the Goods in full, excluding cost of delivery.  You will be responsible for the cost of returning the item(s) to the Company.(b) For any other reason, the Company will examine the returned Goods and will notify you of your refund via e-mail within a reasonable period of time. The Company will usually process the refund due to you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 days of the day the Company confirmed to you via e-mail that you were entitled to a refund for the defective Goods. Goods returned by you because of a defect will be refunded in full, including a refund of the delivery charges for sending the item to you and the cost incurred by you in returning the item to the Company. COMPANY’S LIABILITYThe Company warrants to you that any Goods purchased from the Company through the Website are of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which Goods of the kind are commonly supplied.  The Company’s liability for losses you suffer as a result of the Company breaking this agreement is strictly limited to the purchase price of the Goods you purchased and any losses which are a foreseeable consequence of the Company breaking the agreement. Losses are foreseeable where they could be contemplated by you and the Company at the time your order is accepted by the Company.The Company does not exclude or limit in any way its liability:(a)   For death or personal injury caused by its negligence;(b) Under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987;(c) For fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or(d)  For any matter for which it would be illegal for the Company to exclude, or attempt to exclude, its liability.The Company is not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by you and the Company (such as loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of data, waste of management or office time) however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise.  [Where you buy any Goods from a third party seller through the Website, the seller's individual liability will be set out in the seller's terms.]WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONSApplicable laws require that some of the information or communications the Company sends to you should be in writing. When using the Website, you accept that communication with the Company will be mainly electronic. The Company will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on the Website.  For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that the Company provides to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.TRANSFER OF RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONSThe contract between you and the Company is binding on you and the Company and on the Company’s respective successors and assigns.  You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of your rights or obligations arising under it, without the Company’s prior written consent.  The Company may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of a Contract, or any of its rights or obligations arising under it, at any time during the term of the Contract.EVENTS OUTSIDE COMPANY’S CONTROLThe Company will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of its obligations under a Contract that is caused by events outside its reasonable control (“Force Majeure Event”).  A Force Majeure Event includes any act, event, non-happening, omission or accident beyond the Company’s reasonable control and includes in particular (without limitation) the following:(a)  Strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action;(b)  Civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war;(c)  Fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster;(d) Impossibility of the use of railways, shipping, aircraft, motor transport or other means of public or private transport;(e) Impossibility of the use of public or private telecommunications networks; and(f)  The acts, decrees, legislation, regulations or restrictions of any government.The Company’s performance under any Contract is deemed to be suspended for the period that the Force Majeure Event continues, and the Company will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. The Company will use its reasonable endeavours to bring the Force Majeure Event to a close or to find a solution by which its obligations under the Contract may be performed despite the Force Majeure Event.ENTIRE AGREEMENTThe Company intends to rely upon these Terms and any document expressly referred to in them in relation to the subject matter of any Contract. While the Company accepts responsibility for statements and representations made by its duly authorised agents, please make sure you ask for any variations from these Terms to be confirmed in writing.COMPANY’S RIGHT TO VARY THESE TERMSThe Company has the right to revise and amend these Terms from time to time.  You will be subject to the policies and Terms in force at the time that you access the Website or you order Goods from the Company, unless any change to those policies or these Terms is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you), or if the Company notifies you of the change to those policies or these Terms before the Company sends you the Dispatch Confirmation (in which case the Company has the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the Terms, unless you notify the Company to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the Goods).LAW AND JURISDICTIONThese Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Disputes arising in connection with this these Terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Home
About Kriss
Services
Testimonials
The Latest
Gallery
Shop
Downloads
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Kriss
The Akabusi Company
Stockgrove
Bedfordshire
LU7 0BB
01525 237177
Let's Get Social!
Copyright . All Rights Reserved. Web Design