http://www.hawklabs.com/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies to enhance your experience.
I agree
Privacy policyBy using or accessing this website you signify your acknowledgment and assent to the Privacy Policy set forth below.  If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this website. Hawk Research Laboratories, LLC can revise this policy at any time by updating this posting, and your use after such change signifies your acceptance of the changed terms.  Please check this policy periodically for changes.This policy is intended to help you understand how Hawk Research Laboratories, LLC (“Hawk,”  "we," or "us") collect, use and safeguard the information you provide via our website.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to the use or disclosure of information that is collected or obtained by us through offline means.PERSONAL DATAIf you browse our website, you may generally do so anonymously without providing any personal information. You will know personal data is being collected because you will have to fill out a form or otherwise enter it via our website. We also collect personally identifiable information when you sign up to receive information from us or send us an email or inquiry.PASSIVE COLLECTION OF USAGE INFORMATIONOur servers collect general data (“Usage Information”) pertaining to users of this website and the mobile devices and programs from which they access this site. Usage information can include IP address, domain name, referring web page, browser type, mobile device type, device operating system, device settings, device identifiers and information about the way you use your device or this site (such as the length of time spent, the pages accessed while visiting this site, and links or ads clicked). Usage Information does not, in and of itself, identify you personally. This Usage Information is collected and analyzed to help us manage and administer our website, to customize and improve the content of our website, and to support and advance our promotional efforts. Usage Information may be collected using the following methods:Cookies - A cookie is a small file stored on your computer or device by a website to give you a unique ID. We may use cookies to monitor site usage patterns, track new visitors to this site and to recognize past users so that we may customize and personalize content. If for any reason you don’t want to take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser or device not accept them, although this may disable or render unusable some of the features of our site.Tags - Tags/beacons (a.k.a. web beacons or clear gifs) are small graphic images designed to allow us or a third party to collect Usage Information (such as when you view a web page or e-mail that contains the web beacon) and monitor user activity. We may permit third parties to place tags on our sites, in our ads, or in e-mails sent on our behalf for purposes of collecting Usage Information.Conversion tracking – We may use conversion tracking or other search engine features that permit us to measure the effectiveness of search engine results. Web Analytics - We may use third-party website analytics tools and embedded tags/tracking code that collect information about visitor traffic on our sites and mobile applications, including Google Analytics. Use of such analytic Usage Information collected by third parties will be governed by the applicable third party’s privacy policy.Passive Identifiers - The servers hosting our site may generally detect and collect Usage Information provided by your browser or device such as your internet protocol (IP) address, device identifiers, and domain name. We may also collect information about your location that is provided to us by your mobile device or browser.INFORMATIONAL MESSAGESWhen you sign up to receive information from us or otherwise provide us with personal information, we automatically place you on our list to receive communications and updates and offers regarding Hawk.  If you do not wish to receive these messages, you can simply utilize the opt-out method detailed in the message or contact us at the contact points specified below.USE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL DATAWe use the personal information we collect to better serve our users, customize their experience, and improve the content of our website.  We may use personal information to communicate with you about items that may be of interest to you, for other promotional purposes related to Hawk, and for other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.We may share your personal information with third party agents that we have hired to help us administer our website or conduct our business (including web hosting, maintenance, administration, support, fulfillment, analytic and database management services).  We do not authorize these third parties to use your personal information except for the purpose of providing those services requested by us. We may also disclose your personal information in the Special Cases set forth below. We do not otherwise rent or sell to third parties your personally identifiable information. We may share anonymous, statistical or aggregated non-personal information, or Usage Information about our users with advertisers, agents, business partners, sponsors and other third parties.SECURITYHawk uses security measures consistent with industry practice to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of sensitive information we collect from visitors to this website. While we use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, we cannot guarantee that data will always remain secure due to transmission errors, outside events, third party hacking or other causes. We will comply with all privacy laws and make any legally required disclosures regarding breaches of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of personal data consistent with our ability to determine the scope of a breach and our obligations to law enforcement.YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSWe do not provide personally identifiable information collected by this website to any third party for such third party’s direct marketing purposes. Hawk does not track its users over time and across third party websites and our website does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.ACCESS AND CORRECTIONIf you wish to update or delete personal information you have provided to us, you can contact us using at the contact points specified below, and we will endeavor to correct, update or remove the personal data you gave us.CONSENT TO TRANSFER This website is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to Hawk will be transferred to the United States. By using this website or providing us with your information you consent to this transfer.SPECIAL CASESWe reserve the right to disclose user information in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Hawk website users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.  We may disclose personal information without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law permits it or to respond to an emergency situation.In the event Hawk is involved in a corporate transaction, your personal information will likely be transferred as part of that transaction.  We reserve to right to transfer your information without your consent in such a situation; provided that we will make commercially reasonable efforts to see that your privacy preferences are honored by the transferee.Specific areas or pages of this website may include additional or different provisions relating to collection and disclosure of personal information.  In the event of a conflict between such provisions and this Privacy Policy, such specific terms shall control.POLICIES FOR CHILDRENHawk does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from users under 13 years of age. No information should be submitted to this site by guests under 13 years of age, and guests under 13 years old are not allowed to register for our communications, contests or activities.LINKED SITESPlease be advised that our web site may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of any site linked to our website.CHANGES TO THIS POLICYHawk reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time, with reasonable notice to users of its website.  Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to our website.  By continuing to use or access the website after such posting, you agree to be bound by such changes.CONTACT INFORMATION:  Hawk Research Laboratories, LLCAttention:  [Webmaster]Phone: 1-800-321-4295Email: webmaster@hawklabs.comPolicy effective as of June 27, 2018  CH2\21032539.1
Loading