http://www.rubberduckdesign.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Rubber Duck Design respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information that you provide to us. This statement explains
our policies and practices regarding the use and disclosure of your personal information by Rubber Duck Design. Please note that, Rubber Duck
Design reviews and updates this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed without notice. Therefore, you should review the terms of this policy
periodically to make sure that you are aware of how Rubber Duck Design collects and uses personal information. By using our web site, you consent
to the collection and use of your personal information by Rubber Duck Design as explained below.
Personal Information.
You have complete control over your personal information. In general, you can visit our web site without providing us with any personal information.
However, there are instances where we must have your personal information in order for us to grant you an access to our protected and secured
sites. This information may include registration data (your name, address, email address, phone number, title, etc.), information request data
and response data ("User Information"). When you receive your confirmation email or when you receive any email from the list server, you will
be given instructions on how to remove yourself from the list.
Use of User Information.
We intend to use such information for purposes of supporting your and your employers relationship with Rubber Duck Design by designing a web site
content that is suitable to your needs and alerting you to new product and service offerings as they become available. This User Information
may be retained by Rubber Duck Design to verify compliance with the agreement between Rubber Duck Design and your employer, to keep track of
the domains from which people visit us, to create a user profile to better serve you and your employer, or to simply contact you either electronically
or otherwise. If you decide that we should not use your personal User Information to contact you, please let us know and we will not use that
information for such purpose. However, please do not submit any User Information if you are less than 18 years of age.
Disclosure of User Information.
Rubber Duck Design does not sell, trade or transfer User Information to third parties. However, we may share User Information with our business
partners for marketing, advertising or product/service offering purposes. For example, we provide User Information to our service providers
for direct emailing of our newsletters, online surveys or notifications on Rubber Duck Design Offerings to our viewers. We also disclose User
Information if: we have your consent; we need to share it in order to provide you with the products and/or services you requested; we respond
to a court order or you violate our Terms of Use. You may separately agree to provide your personal information to third parties that provide
content for Rubber Duck Design Offerings, in order to access and/or use their products and/or services. If you agree to provide such information
to these third parties, then your personal information will be subject to their privacy policies.
Accuracy and Security.
The accuracy and security of the User Information is important to Rubber Duck Design. Currently, you may review and request updates to your User
Information retained by contacting Rubber Duck Design. If you contact us to correct your User Information, we will attempt to correct such
inaccuracies in a timely manner. Rubber Duck Design is concerned with the security of your User Information and is committed to taking reasonable
steps to protect it from unauthorized access and use of that personal information. To that end, we put in place the appropriate physical, electronic
and managerial policies and procedures to secure your personal User Information. We also continue to implement procedures to maintain accurate,
complete and current User Information.
Usernames and Passwords.
Access to certain content on our web site may be allowed under a written agreement between you or your employer and Rubber Duck Design and will
require a username and/or password. In some cases, failure to provide personal information may prevent you from accessing certain Rubber Duck
Design web site containing certain confidential information, products, services, or promotional offers ("Rubber Duck Design's Offerings").
By accessing and using our protected and secured web site, you agree to maintain the confidentiality of the username and password you selected
to access such site and consent to our Terms of Use.
Cookies.
Rubber Duck Design uses "cookies". A cookie is a small data file that a web site can transfer to a visitor's hard drive to keep records of the
visits to such site. A cookie contains information such as your username and password that helps us recognize the pages you have visited and
improve future visits, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is the information that you provide yourself. A cookie cannot
read data off of your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites. Information stored in cookies may be encrypted, however, we do
not store your credit card number in cookies. If you prefer not to accept a cookie, you can set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer
or Netscape Navigator) to warn you before accepting cookies or you can refuse all cookies by turning them off in your web browser. However,
access to some of our secured web site(s) may require the use of cookies, which you must enable only cookies that get sent back to the originating
server. Otherwise, you can still access most of the features on our web site even without accepting a cookie.
External Links.
Rubber Duck Design's web site provides links to other third party web sites. Even if the third party is affiliated with Rubber Duck Design through
a business partnership or otherwise, Rubber Duck Design is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices or the content of such external
links. These links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and you access them at your own risk.
Terms of Use.
Please also see our Terms of Use, which describes the restrictions, disclaimers, indemnification and limitation of
liability governing the use of the entire Rubber Duck Design web site.
General.
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, please contact Rubber Duck Design via our Contact page.
What Our Clients Say
The labels just arrived and I must tell you that they are the most gorgeous foil labels I have ever seen!! So thick and beautiful. They really make my
gold boxes shout out that something really good is inside!
—Bob Tullock, Rose City Chocolatier
Oh my goodness!! Everything is FANTASTIC!!! I can't even begin to tell you how pleased I am with them! My wedding invitations and favors are going to
be so much more special because of them!! Thanks so much!
—Diane Vellon - New York
They basically brought a tear to my eye they're so nice...thank you!
—George Cela, Metro Plex Wood - Texas
The stamp you designed is AWESOME!! I haven't found another company as easy to work with and as quick as Rubber Duck Design.
—Kelly Hirst, A.K.T Collectibles LLC
I received my order on Wednesday and I must tell you that I was actually stunned when I opened the box.
The seals are absolutely beautiful!
I really wasn't expecting this level of quality in a non-embossed product but these little gold seals are individual works of art.
—Ken Lewis, Krill Publishing, LLC
You are a great bunch of people - Thanks so much for all you do for us - We could never grow without you behind us all the way!
—Maryanne Newman, Transcription Connection, Inc
You guys are the best thing since sliced bread.
—Mr. B, Big Buffalo's Hide - Connectcut
You have the absolute best customer service of any printer that I have ever done business with!
—Paul, Four Seasons Films
I received the order in the mail today…One word – PERFECT! Thanks so much
—Phillip, Covenant Faith Christian Center
This is my third time ordering from Rubber Duck, I find myself more pleased each time your product arrives.
—Stephen Gerard Little, Hire Standards Pool Construction