http://www.self-help.org/website-privacy-policy
Skip to Content
HomeWebsite Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Introduction
Self-Help Credit Union and Self-Help Federal Credit Union (the "Credit Union" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.  This policy covers your interaction with the Credit Union, its affiliates, and companies engaged by the Credit Union and its affiliates to render online services when you visit any mobile or online site or application that we own, including, but not limited to, www.self-help.org or www.self-helpfcu.org, and our mobile apps (the “Sites”).
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Sites, including when you log into our online banking platform.
This policy also describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy does not apply to information collected by:
The Credit Union, offline or through any other means, including on any other Sites operated by the Credit Union or any third party; or
Any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Sites.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Sites. By accessing or using the Sites, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of the Sites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit our CCPA notice and policy page.
Children Under the Age of 16
Our Sites is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Sites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on the Sites or on or through any of its features. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at:
301 West Main Street
Durham, NC 27701
Attention: Privacy Rights
privacy@self-help.org
privacy@self-helpfcu.org
1-855-841-2828
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Your California Privacy Rights (below) for more information.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Sites, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information"); and/or
That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as search queries, your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Sites, anonymized IP addresses or usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, anonymized IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
We use Google Analytics for aggregated, anonymized website traffic analysis. In order to track your session usage, Google drops a cookie (_ga) with a randomly-generated ClientID in your browser. This ID is anonymized and contains no identifiable information like email, phone number, name, etc.  We do not send Google Analytics your full IP address.
We use GA to track aggregated website behavior, such as what pages you looked at, for how long, and so on. This information is important to us for improving the user experience and determining site effectiveness.
Information You Provide to Us
Information provided through our Sites may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Sites. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our online banking services, or requesting further services such as a loan. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Sites.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.  Please note that emailing information or forms cannot be guaranteed to be secure and we recommend that you NOT share sensitive personal information or account data via email.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our online banking platform on our Sites.
Your search queries on the Sites.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
The technologies we use for automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Sites.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Sites and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Credit Union, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related Sites statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Sites content and verifying system and server integrity).
Some content or applications, on the Sites are served by third-parties. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Sites. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different Sites and other online services.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests;
to inform you about important information regarding the Site, products or services for which you apply or may be interested in applying for, or in which you are already enrolled, changes to terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information; to personalize your experience on the Site;
to allow you to apply for products or services;
to verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your representative or agent) in order to allow access to your accounts, conduct online transactions and to maintain measures aimed at preventing fraud and protecting the security of account and Personal Information;
collected through our social media pages and other online interactions with you to assist in verifying your identity and account status. We may combine this online information with information collected from offline sources or information we already have;
for business purposes, including data analysis, audits, developing and improving products and services, enhancing the Site, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of promotional campaigns;
for risk control, for fraud detection and prevention, to comply with laws and regulations, and to comply with other legal process and law enforcement requirements.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements; we do not disclose your personal information that we have collected through this website except for legally permitted business purposes.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Self-Help Credit Union and Self-Help Federal Credit Union's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Self-Help Credit Union and Self-Help Federal Credit Union about our Sites users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Self-Help Credit Union and Self-Help Federal Credit Union, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
To opt-out of any future automated data collection from Google, install the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On.
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your cookie settings, visit the support website for your browser. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see Your California Privacy Rights below for more information.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Sites home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Sites home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Sites and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices contact us at:
301 West Main Street
Durham, NC 27701
Attention: Privacy Rights
privacy@self-help.org
privacy@self-helpfcu.org
or via our toll-free number:
1-855-841-2828