http://www.unmuessig-timber.com/en/privacy.html
PrivacyData privacyResponsible body in the sense of the data protection laws, in particular the EU data protection basic regulation (DSGVO), is:Unmüssig Timber GmbHBertoldstrasse 44D-79098 FreiburgYour rightsYou can always exercise the following rights under the contact details of our data protection officer:• Information about your stored data and their processing (Art. 15 GDPR),• correction of incorrect personal data (Art. 16 GDPR),• Deletion of your stored data (Art. 17 GDPR),• limitation of data processing, if we are not yet allowed to delete your data due to legal obligations (Art. 18 GDPR),• objection to the processing of your data with us (Article 21 GDPR) and• Data portability, provided that you have consented to the data processing or have concluded a contract with us (Article 20 GDPR).If you have given us your consent, you can revoke it at any time with effect for the future.You can contact a regulatory authority at any time with a complaint, such as: B. to the competent supervisory authority of the federal state of your domicile or to the authority responsible for us as responsible authority.A list of the supervisory authorities (for the non-public area) with address can be found at: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/contact formType and purpose of processing:The data you enter will be stored for the purpose of individual communication with you. This requires a valid e-mail address and your name. This serves to assign the request and the subsequent answering of the same. The specification of further data is optional.Legal basis:The processing of the data entered into the contact form takes place on the basis of a legitimate interest (Article 6 (1) (f) DSGVO).By providing the contact form we would like to allow you an uncomplicated contact. Your information will be stored for the purpose of processing the request and for possible follow-up questions.If you contact us to request an offer, the processing of the data entered in the contact form for the implementation of pre-contractual measures (Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR) will take place.Receiver:The recipient of the data may be a processor.Storage time:Data will be deleted no later than 6 months after processing the request.If it comes to a contractual relationship, we are subject to the statutory retention periods according to HGB and delete your data after these deadlines.Provision required or required:The provision of your personal data is voluntary. However, we can only process your request if you provide us with your name, your e-mail address and the reason for the request. Cookies
Use of Google AnalyticsType and purpose of processing:This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 USA (hereafter: "Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", ie text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, due to the activation of IP anonymization on these websites, your IP address will be shortened by Google beforehand within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services related to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. The IP address provided by Google Analytics as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google information.The purposes of the data processing are the evaluation of the use of the website and the compilation of reports on activities on the website. Based on the use of the website and the Internet, other related services will be provided.Legal basis:The processing of the data is based on the consent of the user (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).Receiver:The recipient of the data is Google as a processor. For this we have concluded with Google the corresponding order processing contract.Storage time:The deletion of the data takes place as soon as they are no longer necessary for our recording purposes.Third country transfer:Google processes your data in the US and has submitted to the EU_US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US Framework.Provision required or required:The provision of your personal data is voluntary, solely on the basis of your consent. If you prevent access, this may result in functional restrictions on the website.Withdrawal of consent:You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; however, we point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the functions of this website in full. You may also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) to Google and the processing of this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link and install: Browser Add On to disable Google Analytics.In addition or as an alternative to the browser add-on, you can prevent tracking by Google Analytics on our pages by clicking on this link. An opt-out cookie will be installed on your device. This will prevent the collection by Google Analytics for this website and for this browser in the future, as long as the cookie remains installed in your browser.Profiling:With the help of the tracking tool Google Analytics the behavior of the visitors of the website can be evaluated and the interests analyzed. For this we create a pseudonymous user profile.Using script libraries (Google Webfonts)Type and purpose of processing:To make our content cross-browser accurate and graphically pleasing, we use "Google Web Fonts" from Google LLC (1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA, hereafter "Google") to display fonts.The privacy policy of the library operator Google can be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/Legal basis:The legal basis for the integration of Google Webfonts and the associated data transfer to Google is your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).Receiver:The call of script libraries or font libraries automatically triggers a connection to the operator of the library. It is theoretically possible - but currently also unclear whether and, if so, for what purposes - that the operator collects Google data in this case.Storage time:We do not collect personal information through the inclusion of Google Webfonts.More information about Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Google's Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Third country transfer:Google processes your data in the US and has submitted to the EU_US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US Framework.Provision required:The provision of personal data is neither statutory nor contractually required. However, without the correct representation of the contents of standard fonts can not be made possible.Withdrawal of consent:For the presentation of the contents the programming language JavaScript is used regularly. You can therefore object to data processing by disabling the execution of JavaScript in your browser or installing a JavaScript Blocker incorporation. Please note that this may result in functional restrictions on the website.Using Google MapsType and purpose of processing:On this website we use the offer of Google Maps. Google Maps is operated by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (hereafter "Google"). This allows us to show you interactive maps directly on the website, allowing you to conveniently use the map feature.For more information about Google's data processing, please refer to the Google Privacy Notice. There you can also change your personal privacy settings in the privacy center.For detailed instructions on how to manage your own data related to Google products, click here.Legal basis:The legal basis for the integration of Google Maps and the associated data transfer to Google is your consent (Article 6 (1) a DSGVO).Receiver:By visiting the website, Google receives information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. This is done regardless of whether Google provides an account that you are logged in to, or if there is no user account. When you're logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account.If you do not wish to be assigned to Google on your profile, you must log out of Google before activating the button. Google stores your data as usage profiles and uses them for purposes of advertising, market research and / or tailor-made website design. Such an evaluation is carried out in particular (even for non-logged-in users) to provide appropriate advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the formation of these user profiles, and you must comply with this to Google.Storage time:We do not collect personal information through the inclusion of Google Maps.Third country transfer:Google processes your data in the US and has submitted to the EU_US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US Framework.Withdrawal of consent:If you do not want Google to collect, process or use information about you through our website, you can disable JavaScript in your browser settings. In this case, you can not or only partially use our website.Provision required or required:The provision of your personal data is voluntary, solely on the basis of your consent. If you prevent access, this may result in functional restrictions on the website.Google AdWordsType and purpose of processing:Our website uses Google Conversion Tracking. The operating company of Google AdWords Services is the Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. If you have reached our website via an advertisement sent by Google, Google Adwords will set a cookie on your computer. The conversion tracking cookie is set when a user clicks on a Google-served ad.If the user visits certain pages on our website and the cookie has not expired, we and Google may recognize that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to this page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. Cookies can not be tracked through the websites of advertisers. The information gathered using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. However, they do not receive any information that personally identifies users.Legal basis:The legal basis for the integration of Google AdWords and the associated data transfer to Google is your consent (Article 6 (1) a DSGVO).Receiver:Every time you visit our website, your personal information, including your IP address, is transferred to Google in the United States. This personal information is stored by Google. Google may transfer this personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.Our company does not contain any information from Google that could identify the data subject.Storage time:These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification.Third country transfer:Google processes your data in the US and has submitted to the EU_US Privacy Shield https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US Framework.Withdrawal of consent:If you do not want to participate in the tracking, you can refuse the required setting of a cookie - for example, via a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies or set your browser to block cookies from the domain "googleleadservices.com".Please note that you are not allowed to delete opt-out cookies as long as you do not want to record measurement data. If you have deleted all your cookies in the browser, you must set the respective opt-out cookie again.Provision required or required:The provision of your personal data is voluntary, solely on the basis of your consent. If you prevent access, this may result in functional restrictions on the website.Using Google RemarketingType and purpose of processing:This website uses the remarketing function of Google Inc. The Google Remarketing Services company is Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (hereafter "Google").The feature is designed to present interest-based ads to web site visitors within the Google Network. A so-called "cookie" is stored in the browser of the website visitor, which makes it possible to recognize the visitor when he visits web pages belonging to the advertising network of Google. On these pages, visitors may be presented with ads related to content that the visitor previously viewed on web pages using Google's remarketing feature.Legal basis:The legal basis for the integration of Google Remarketing and the associated data transfer to Google is your consent (Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR).Receiver:Every time you visit our website, your personal information, including your IP address, is transferred to Google in the United States. This personal information is stored by Google. Google may transfer this personal data collected through the technical process to third parties.Our company does not contain any information from Google that could identify the data subject.Withdrawal of consent:Google claims that Google does not collect any personal information during this process. However, if you still do not wish to use Google's Remarketing feature, you can opt out by using the appropriate settings at https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/143465. Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies for interest-based advertising through the Network Initiative by following the instructions at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.Provision required or required:The provision of your personal data is voluntary, solely on the basis of your consent. If you prevent access, this may result in functional restrictions on the website.SSL encryptionTo protect the security of your data during transmission, we use state-of-the-art encryption techniques (such as SSL) over HTTPS.Change of our privacy policyWe reserve the right to amend this privacy policy to always comply with the current legal requirements or to implement changes to our services in the privacy policy, e.g. when introducing new services. Your new visit will be subject to the new privacy policy.Questions to the data protection officerIf you have questions about privacy, please email us or contact the person responsible for privacy in our organization:timber@unmuessig-timber.deThe privacy policy has been created with the privacy statement generator of activeMind AG (version 2018-09-24). Certificates