https://www.memic.com/employers/manage-your-policy/pay-your-bill
Home
Employers
Manage Your Policy
Pay Your Bill
With our many payment methods, MEMIC makes it easy for you to pay your workers’ comp bill. Talk to your agent to choose the method that works best for you.
Three (3) ways to pay. Learn more:
Online Billing and Payments | Enroll in eBill or make a one-time payment
(Please note, our one-time online payment form has changed. To make a one-time online payment, click the link below. You will then be redirected to our eBill site to submit your one-time payment.)
Comp-As-You-Go | No guesswork payroll-to-premium plan
Pay by Mail
1. Online Billing (eBill) and Payments
You are about to leave the MEMIC website
PLEASE NOTE: You are about to leave the MEMIC website for eBill powered by Billtrust. MEMIC does not control the products and/or services of the subsequent website. The linked site may have a different Privacy Policy or provide different security than our website and we recommend that you review their policies.
Stay on SiteLeave
Features
View current installment bills and past bills (if issued after Nov. 21, 2011)
Schedule automatic payments
Get e-mailed when a bill is due or when payments are processed
Relax knowing financial information is safe and secure
Make a one-time online (ACH) payment for the following types of bills:
Premium deposit, renewal and installment payments
Audit bill
Deductible
Make an Online Payment
You are about to leave the MEMIC Website
PLEASE NOTE: You are about to leave the MEMIC website for online billing and payments powered by Billtrust. MEMIC does not control the products and/or services of the subsequent website. The linked site may have a different Privacy Policy or provide different security than our website and we recommend that you review their policies.
Stay on SiteLeave
2. Comp-As-You-Go
You are about to leave the MEMIC website
PLEASE NOTE: You are about to leave the MEMIC website. MEMIC does not control the products and/or services of the subsequent website. If you have any privacy questions regarding that site, please contact us at Comp-As-You-Go (207-791-3500).
Stay on SiteLeave
Features
Works with your current payroll processing method including most payroll companies
Minimize exposure to large year-end audits
Timely and accurate payroll-to-premium calculations
No premium deposit required
Easy enroll at start of policy or renewal—ask your agent to complete an Insured Intent Form
On-going customer service by MEMIC
Comp-As-You-Go Links
Download Comp-As-You-Go with MEMIC
CAYG FAQ
3. Pay by Mail
For payments on policies underwritten by Maine Employers' Mutual Insurance Company (MEMIC), please make check payable to MEMIC and mail to:
MEMIC
PO Box 6900
Lewiston ME 04243-6900
For payments on policies underwritten by MEMIC Indemnity and MEMIC Casualty Company, please make checks payable to the applicable underwriting company
and mail to:
MEMIC Indemnity or MEMIC Casualty Company
PO Box 9500
Lewiston, ME
04243-9500
Make a Payment
eBill Login
You are about to leave the MEMIC website
PLEASE NOTE: You are about to leave the MEMIC website for eBill powered by Billtrust. MEMIC does not control the products and/or services of the subsequent website. The linked site may have a different Privacy Policy or provide different security than our website and we recommend you review their policies.
Stay on SiteLeave
One-Time Online Payment
You are about to leave the MEMIC Website
PLEASE NOTE: You are about to leave the MEMIC website for online billing and payments powered by Billtrust. MEMIC does not control the products and/or services of the subsequent website. The linked site may have a different Privacy Policy or provide different security than our website and we recommend that you review their policies.
Stay on SiteLeave
Alert: MEMIC does not charge a fee for online payments. We encourage you to go directly to MEMIC.COM when paying your premium. Beware of third-party-payment vendors. They are not affiliated with MEMIC, charge fees, and delay timely payment of your premium.
Report Payroll
Comp-As-You-Go Login
You are about to leave the MEMIC Website
PLEASE NOTE: You are about to leave the MEMIC website. MEMIC does not control the products and/or services of the subsequent website. If you have any privacy questions regarding that site, please contact us at Comp-As-You-Go (207-791-3500).
Stay on SiteLeave
Tip
Pay by Bill Look
Support
Premium Billing:
billing@memic.com
1-800-660-1306
(Ask for Premium Billing)
Deductible Billing:
deductible.billing@memic.com
1-800-660-1306
Comp-As-You-Go:
cayg@memic.com
207-791-3500
Employers
COVID-19 Policyholder Resources
Find a Medical Provider
Report an Injury
New Injury Reporting Portal
Manage Claims
Claim Services
Ask About a Claim
Return to Work
Manage Your Policy
Pay Your Bill
Audit
Request Access to Policy Portal
Report Fraud
Fraud Prevention
Report Fraud Online
FAQ for Employers
State Workers' Comp Requirements
Glossary
MEMIC EPLI
What & Why
Coverage
Claims
Cost
Premium Payment Options
Download