https://www.charlottestatebank.com/privacy
Skip to main content
×
Christine Hause invites you to a series of free webinars/seminars to answer your questions about estate planning from a Trust Officer's perspective.
Check out our complete list of upcoming webinars/seminars and register to attend.
Responding to the Coronavirus: We're Better Together
Hours/Locations
Contact Us
Search
Login
X
Online Banking
Trust Balances
Forgot Password
Tutorials
Log in to my account
Browser Support
Enroll Now
privacy and security
Personal
Banking
Borrowing
Online and Mobile Banking
Trust & Investment Management
Investment Management Services
Trust Services
About Us
Our Story
Locations / Hours
Meet the Team
Careers
Contact Us
Business
Banking
Borrowing
Treasury Management
Financial Resources
Blog
Calculators
Support
Resources
Login
View PDF of Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Rev. 2/2019
FACTS
WHAT DOES CHARLOTTE STATE BANK & TRUST DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and account balances
Account transactions and credit history
Transaction history and checking account information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Charlotte State Bank & Trust chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Charlotte State Bank & Trust share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes — such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes — to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
No
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ business purposes — information about your credit worthiness
No
We don't share
For our affiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call (941) 624-5400 or go to www.charlottestatebank.com
What we do
How does Charlotte State Bank & Trust protect my Personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
The bank maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard nonpublic personal information.
How does Charlotte State Bank & Trust collect my Personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Apply for a loan or deposit money
Open an account or pay your bills
Show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a common ownership with Charlotte State Bank & Trust, Crews Banking Corporation: Crews Bank & Trust, Englewood Bank & Trust, and Wauchula State Bank.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Charlotte State Bank & Trust does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Charlotte State Bank & Trust doesn’t jointly market.
Get In Touch
1 888-624-5454
Contact Us
Go
Follow Us
Investments are not a deposit or other obligation of, or guaranteed by, the bank, are not FDIC insured, not insured by any federal government agency, and are subject to investment risks, including possible loss of principal.
About Us
Careers
Bank-owned Property
Disclosures
Privacy Notice
USA Patriot Act
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility
©2020 Charlotte State Bank & Trust. All Rights Reserved.