https://www.globalfabricstructures.com/privacy-policy/
QUALITY PRE-ENGINEERED SOLUTIONS
info@globalfabricstructures.com
Call us on +61 7 5587 7000
Privacy Policy
We take privacy very seriously.
Global Fabric Structures (GFS) respects your right to control how information about you is used. The integrity of personal information is important to us and we are fully committed to protecting your privacy.
We only collect information you have provided to us voluntarily, and we do not sell client lists or other information to third parties.
As you browse the GFS website and blog, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can better understand what you are interested in. You can learn more about advertising cookies in this Privacy Policy.
Our display advertising partner AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other websites based on your previous interaction with our website. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number.
You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted ads.
Who are we?
Global Fabric Structure provides quality pre-engineered fabric structure solutions. GFS is wholly-owned subsidiary of the Alexander Pacific Group (APG). APG also owns Allsite Structure Rentals, Fabritecture and Precise Procurement Services Hong Kong, which are business units that provide related fabric structure products and services around the world.
At GFS, we are committed to acting in the best interests of our clients, employees and website visitors. We do not sell, trade or rent email lists, data or visitor information with companies and businesses outside the Alexander Pacific Group.
This Privacy Policy aims to provide information and clarity regarding when, how and why we collect your personal information, as well as how we use it, the limited conditions in which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.
Why do we collect your information?
The main reason we collect your information is to interact with you and offer you the best experience possible.
Once your project-related interactions with GFS are complete, your contact details remain on file to keep you updated on new projects, industry awards and product information relevant to GFS and the Alexander Pacific Group.
We only store information that you have voluntarily supplied to us, such as your full name, email address and phone number.
What information do we collect?
We only store information that is necessary to perform our day to day business and supply our clients with the best service possible.
Typically, we will collect your full name, email address, phone number (if provided), as well as the company your work for if your interaction with GFS is work related.
General user information is collected from all site visitors, such as session length, page load time, and occasionally geographic location (country) to give us an insight into how our website is performing and provide an overview of our visitors.
How do we collect your information?
Personal data, such as names, phone numbers and email addresses are only collected when you explicitly provide them to us. This is usually done through an enquiry form submission, direct email, phone call or by opting-in to our mailing list.
We will never share, buy or sell customer information.
If you decide not to provide your personal data to GFS, you will not be contacted regarding sales enquiries or for marketing purposes. You can learn more about amending, retracting or deleting your personal data from our servers below.
Alternatively, you may request restricted processing of your personal information. To discuss what options are available, please contact us directly at info@globalfabricstructures.com.
How do we use your information?
We may use your information to contact you directly either as a response to a voluntarily submitted enquiry by you, or in the form of marketing emails that are specific and relevant to GFS and our services.
Occasionally, we may need to share information such as your name, phone number or email address with our suppliers only if it is necessary to perform our business services or carry out an agreement we have with you. This will only be done if absolutely necessary, and we will obtain your consent prior.
Your trust is very important to us. We will never share, buy or sell your information and we take steps to ensure your data is safe and secure.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer through your browser when you visit some websites.
In order to personalise your experience and gain a better understanding of how visitors navigate our website, we use a combination of ‘session cookies’ and ‘persistent cookies’ to build anonymous statistical data & improve user experience.
You can read more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
You have the right to access, rectify or erase your personal information
We are completely transparent with our data storage. At any time, you have the right to view, update or delete any of your personal information that we have stored. Simply send us an email at info@globalfabricstructures.com to request access to your data.
We will provide your information within 1 month of receiving your request free of charge, except in the case of unfounded, excessive or repetitive requests, in which case we reserve the right to charge a proportionate administration fee or refuse.
If any of your personal information that we have stored is incorrect or incomplete, you can make a request for us to correct it at any time. Just send us an email at info@globalfabricstructures.com providing us with the updated information.
You may also request that we delete your personal information at any time. Please keep in mind that deleting your information is permanent and cannot be undone. It is not the same as unsubscribing from our mailing list. This means that we will lose all historical records and any interactions you have had with our systems, including previous instructions regarding your personal data. If you would rather just not receive our marketing emails, you can click ‘Unsubscribe’ at the bottom of any marketing email or send us an email directly at info@globalfabricstructures.com from the email address you wish to be unsubscribed.
If, after deletion, you voluntarily decide to resubmit your personal information and join our database again, you will be entered into the system as a brand new record with no prior history.
To request erasure of your personal information, including any preferences or agreements you may have set up, please email info@globalfabricstructures.com using the email address linked to the personal data we hold for you (or provide another means of proof of identity).
Does this Privacy Policy cover all hyperlinks on the Global Fabric Structures website?
No, this Privacy Policy is only for pages, forms and content stored on globalfabricstructures.com. Hyperlinks provided on the GFS website that link to external sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy as they are not controlled by GFS.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding an external website or how they use your information, you will need to consult with them directly.
Is the data collected by Global Fabric Structures secure?
Security and safety are a top priority for us. When you trust us with your personal information, we endeavour to make sure your data is protected and secure at all times. Personal information is stored on a secure server with limited accessibility. Our employees only have access to your data when it is necessary to perform a specific job, such as providing quotations, contracts, customer service or billing.
Does this Privacy Policy change?
This privacy policy is effective from 5th July, 2018. GFS and its parent company Alexander Pacific Group (APG) may change this policy occasionally by updating this page.
If you have any questions, concerns or comments, please contact us directly at info@globalfabricstructures.com, or by the details listed on our Contact page.