http://www.formanharley-davidson.com/check-out-the--hog-privacy
H.O.G.® Privacy Statement
LAND RUN CHAPTER H.O.G.® ONLINE PRIVACY STATEMENT
Personal privacy and security of information are mutual concerns of H.O.G.®, its members, and visitors to our Chapter's Web site. This Statement explains H.O.G.®'s Internet policies and security measures relating to personal privacy and information security.
The Chapter collects and stores the following information about you when you visit the Chapter's Web site: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account); the date and time you access the site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site. The Chapter uses this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of its site. This helps The Landrun H.O.G.® to make its site more responsive to its members and prospective members.
Landrun H.O.G.® will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information. If you choose to send e-mail, registration, or other personal information over the Internet, you do so voluntarily.
The Chapter will not disclose personal information provided to it except as follows:
To help complete a transaction you initiate, including information requested to verify the existence or condition of your membership;
At your request, which may be oral, in writing, by telephone, electronic or other means we recognize;
To assist Landrun H.O.G.® in evaluating its programs and to continue to improve the quality of your on-line and membership experience;
When disclosure is required by law, such as pursuant to court order, subpoena, legal process or government agency examination or investigation, or to protect or enforce our rights;
To companies that perform services for Landrun H.O.G.® in connection with your membership, such as data processing and financial transaction processing companies and agencies;
To Harley-Davidson® affiliated companies and carefully selected third parties for their own use to provide products and services, or other opportunities to you, unless you have instructed us in writing not to do so; and
In connection with Harley-Davidson® corporate due diligence and audits.
By your use of and connection to our Web site, you understand and consent to this privacy statement. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal or member information maintained by Landrun H.O.G.® is not correct or if for some reason you believe Landrun H.O.G.® has not adhered to these privacy principles, please notify us by calling 1-800-CLUB-HOG.
×
×
×
×
Get Financing
|
Shop All Inventory
|
Shop Online
Join Our Mobile Club
TEXT THE WORD "Forman" TO 313131