http://www.fcx.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Search
Search
ABOUT USOVERVIEWHISTORYCOPPER AT A GLANCECORPORATE GOVERNANCEBoard of DirectorsLeadershipBoard AdvisorsGovernance DocumentsBusiness Ethics PoliciesBoard Committees and ChartersContact the BoardMULTIMEDIA LIBRARYOUR RESPONSE TO COVID-19Company Covid-19 InformationThe Power of ProtectionCommunities and Health ServicesOPERATIONSNORTH AMERICAMorenciBagdadSierritaMiamiSaffordChinoTyroneHendersonClimaxSOUTH AMERICACerro VerdeEl AbraINDONESIAGrasbergINVESTORSNEWS RELEASESPRESENTATIONSSTOCK & DIVIDEND INFORMATIONStock QuoteDividend HistoryFINANCIAL INFORMATIONAnnual Reports & ProxiesSEC FilingsQuarterly Earnings ReportsINVESTOR RESOURCES Shareholder FAQsSet Email AlertsRequest InformationRSS FeedsSUSTAINABILITYOUR APPROACHGovernancePrinciples of Business ConductPolicies & PracticesStakeholder EngagementVoluntary Memberships & CommitmentsDefining Responsible ProductionThe Risk RegisterEconomic Value ContributedPerformance TargetsBUSINESS INTEGRITYAnti-CorruptionPolitical EngagementTransparency of Government PaymentsResponsible Value ChainsCompliance LinePEOPLEHealth & SafetyHuman RightsDue DiligenceVoluntary PrinciplesUK Modern Slavery Act StatementWorkforceInclusion & DiversityLocal Hiring & Skills DevelopmentEmployee EngagementLabor RelationsCommunitiesCommunity Engagement & Social InvestmentsAssessing & Managing ImpactsPublic HealthArtisanal MiningFreeport in My CommunityIndigenous PeoplesLand Use and Customary RightsENVIRONMENTEnvironmentalClimateWater StewardshipTailings Management Tailings Management and StewardshipBiodiversityMine Closure & ReclamationWaste MangagementREPORTS AND DOCUMENTS2019 Annual Report On SustainabilityClimate ReportVoluntary Principles on Security & Human RightsESG Performance DataExternal Assurance StatementUK Modern Slavery Act StatementGRI Content IndexCAREERS
NYSE: FCX
PRIVACY POLICY
FREEPORT-MCMORAN ONLINE PRIVACY NOTICE
Freeport-McMoRan Inc. (“Freeport-McMoRan,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) values your support and is committed to protecting your privacy.  This Online Privacy Notice (“Notice”) applies to fcx.com and other external Freeport-McMoRan websites or online services that we operate and that link to this Notice (collectively, the “Services”). This Notice describes the types of information we collect on the Services, how we use the information, with whom we share it and the choices available to users of our Services regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how users can contact us about our privacy practices. Certain of the Services may provide additional detail about privacy practices specific to those Services. Internal company policies and procedures govern Freeport-McMoRan’s internal networks and systems and the processing of information relating to employees and other authorized Freeport-McMoRan network users.
Information We Collect
We may collect information that users provide to us on the Services, such as when users register or contact us directly.  This information may include:
contact information (such as name, postal address, telephone number and email address);
employment information (such as title, division and employer);
login credentials for the Services;
other information submitted by job applicants, such as a résumé or C.V., work authorization information, salary history, education history, information about security clearances, citizenship information and, for jobs with U.S.-based Freeport-McMoRan entities, ethnicity, race and gender; and other information found in content that users provide or correspondence users send to us.
We may also collect information about users from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations.  This may include information submitted to us by suppliers and subcontractors, such as Social Security numbers, diversity-related information (such as ethnicity), federal tax ID numbers, disability status, and civil or criminal court history.
Information We Collect By Automated Means
When you use our Services, we may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons and JavaScript.
Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device. Our Services may use cookies (such as HTTP and HTML5 cookies) and Flash cookies, as well as other types of local storage (such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage). Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Panel and Global Storage SettingsPanel.
Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our Services or other websites and online services.
In conjunction with gathering information through cookies, our web servers may log information such as your device type, operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located. We also may record information such as the address of the web page that referred you to our Services and the IP address of the device you use to connect to our Services. We also may log information about your interaction with the Services, such as which pages you visit. We may place tags on our web pages called “web beacons,” which are small files that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies.
We may use third-party web analytics services on our Services. These service providers help us analyze how users use the Services. The information collected for this purpose (including your IP address and other information collected by automated means) may be disclosed to or collected directly by these service providers.
Both we and others (such as our service providers and advertising networks) may collect information about our visitors’ online activities, over time and across third-party websites. Our Services are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
The providers of other third-party plug-ins on our Services, such as embedded videos and social sharing tools, may use automated means to collect information regarding your use of the Services and your interactions with the plugins. This information is subject to the privacy policies or notices of the third-party plug-in providers and is not subject to this Notice.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We may use the information described above to:
provide products and services;
send you promotional materials or other communications;
communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, programs, offers, surveys and market research;
respond to your inquiries;
process employment applications, including by assessing qualifications, verifying information, and conducting reference or other employment-related checks;
evaluate potential suppliers and subcontractors and manage our relationships with them;
perform data analyses (including anonymization and aggregation of personal information);
operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our products and services; managing our communications; analyzing our products, services and communications; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
protect against, identify and prevent cybersecurity and other security events, espionage, fraud and other unlawful activity, claims and other liabilities; and
comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies.
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
In addition, we use information collected through automated means for the purposes set forth above, including by (i) customizing our users’ visits to our Services, (ii) analyzing the manner in which our users interact with our Services and online advertisements, (iii) delivering content tailored to our users' interests and (iv) managing our Services and other aspects of our business.
Information We Share
We do not sell or otherwise disclose information we collect about you, except as described in this Notice. We may share information with service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions, including email deployment, business analytics, and data processing. We may share certain information with our affiliates for the purposes described in this Notice.
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government entities, and (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual espionage, cybersecurity or security events or other fraudulent or illegal activity. We also reserve the right to transfer information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, spin-off, dissolution or liquidation).
Finally, we may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.
Your Choices and Rights
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect from you. To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us as indicated in the “How To Contact Us” section of this Notice.
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may have certain rights as a data subject under local law.  For example, local law may afford you the right to access, update, erase, port, and/or correct inaccuracies in your personal information under our control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.  To exercise these rights, please contact us using the contact information in the “How to Contact Us” section below. If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in the personal information under our control, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected.  Where provided by law, you may at any time withdraw any consent you previously provided to us (without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal) or restrict or object to the processing of your personal information, and we will apply your preferences going forward.  If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes applicable law, you may lodge a complaint with a competent supervisory authority, which, if you are resident in the European Union, may be the authority in your country of residence or employment (the EU data protection authorities, https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm, designated to address complaints and provide appropriate recourse free of charge.
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.  We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
International Data Transfers; International Data Processing
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected, including to the United States. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to recipients in other countries (such as the U.S.), we will require those recipients to protect that information as described in this Notice and remain liable in certain circumstances if that recipient processes personal information inconsistently with the Privacy Shield Principles.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we will comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information to recipients in countries outside of the EEA.
With respect to transfers of personal information to the U.S., Freeport-McMoRan is certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission regarding the transfer of personal information from the EEA to the U.S. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit http://www.privacyshield.gov/. For more information, please visit the Freeport-McMoRan EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Privacy Policy Statement by clicking the following here.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Freeport-McMoRan commits to resolve complaints about or collection or use of your personal information.  EU individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact us by using the contact information in the “How to Contact Us” section below.  If we are unable to resolve your complaints in a satisfactory manner through our internal procedures, you are further recourse to no cost to you.  We are also further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data transferred from the EU.  You may, under certain conditions, have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms.  Visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction for more information.  The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Freeport-McMoRan’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.
To the extent Freeport-McMoRan’s activities are subject to international data protection laws that specify limited legal grounds to process your information, Freeport-McMoRan relies on the following legal grounds: conclusion or performance of a contract, including our Terms and Conditions; for legitimate interests of Freeport-McMoRan or third parties (including the promotion and development of our Services; preventing potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and enforcing our Terms and Conditions); compliance with legal obligations; where necessary for public interest grounds, or to protect your or others’ vital interests; or on the basis of your consent.
How We Protect Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the information you provide on the Services against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.  However, please understand that no security system is impenetrable.  We cannot 100% guarantee the security of our systems, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
We will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, considering criteria such as the duration of your use of our Services and applicable laws.
Children’s Privacy
We do not target or knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent, unless permitted by law.
Links To Other Websites
Our Services may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked websites are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the websites’ content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of the websites, even though you may enter that site directly from visiting ours.
Updates To Our Online Privacy Notice
This Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our information practices. We will post the updated version on our Services and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Notice, if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, or if you would like to exercise your rights under applicable data protection laws, please contact us by writing to us at:
Attn: Corporate Communications
333 North Central Ave.
Phoenix, Arizona 85004
fcx_communications@fmi.com
QUICK LINKS
Sustainability News
Freeport in My Community
CONTACT OUR SD TEAM
sustainability@fmi.com
QUICK LINKS
2019 Annual Report On Sustainability
GRI Content Index | External Assurance
Policies
Footer Menu Two
SITEMAP
CONTACT
SUPPLIERS
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
© 2020 Freeport-McMoRan