https://www.weconnor.com/privacy-policy/
Website Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our websites, www.weconnor.com, TrakWizard, SupplierConnect, and all of their subdomains and aliases (collectively, the “Website” or “Site”). This data protection notice is intended to tell you how William E. Connor & Associates Limited (“Connor”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) uses Personal Data (as defined below) collected at these sites.
What is Personal Data?
“Personal Data” means any personally identifiable information that can be linked back to you such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, and email address.
How Does Connor Collect Personal Data?
We collect Personal Data when you visit our Site, submit information through our submission forms, contact us, send information to us directly, or upload information to our technology platforms. We also receive Personal Data collected by our affiliates, business partners, service providers, and other third-party providers.
How Connor Uses Personal Data
Connor uses Personal Data to respond to your inquiries, to provide information to you, to run our technology platform(s), to improve our services, for hiring/ employment purposes, to comply with legal obligations, and as otherwise described in our data protection notice(s) and applicable agreements for services.
If you are a registered end user:
If you are an end user and your organization uses the Connor platform, we recommend you reach out to your Account Owner to exercise your rights. You may also email misassist@weconnor.com, to access, amend, delete, rectify, withdraw consent, or object to the processing of your Personal Data, and we will reach out to your Account Owner for you.
Contact Us
Please direct any requests or inquiries to misassist@weconnor.com. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are in the European Economic Area or other applicable jurisdictions, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
TRAKWIZARD
FORGOT PASSWORD?
SUPPLIER CONNECT
FORGOT PASSWORD?
FORGOT PASSWORD?
If you have forgotten your USER ID, please email Connor IT support at misassist@weconnor.com
FORGOT PASSWORD?
If you have forgotten your USER ID, please email Connor IT support at misassist@weconnor.com