http://www.hobartwelders.com/terms-of-sale
Home
|
Terms of Sale
Terms of Sale
Acceptance. Hobart Welding Products, a division of Hobart Brothers Company, is herein referred to as "Hobart", and the customer purchasing products ("Products") or services ("Services") from Hobart is referred to as "Purchaser." These terms and conditions of sale ("Terms"), any Hobart quotation, acknowledgment or invoice and all documents incorporated by specific reference herein or therein ("Hobart Documents" and together with these Terms, the "Agreement"), constitute the complete terms governing the sale of Products and Services. HOBART HEREBY REJECTS ANY ADDITIONAL OR DIFFERENT TERMS OR CONDITIONS PROPOSED BY PURCHASER, WHETHER OR NOT CONTAINED IN ANY OF PURCHASER'S BUSINESS FORMS OR IN PURCHASER'S WEBSITE, AND SUCH ADDITIONAL OR DIFFERENT TERMS WILL BE OF NO EFFECT. No site usage agreement or any other click through agreement on a website will have any binding effect whether or not Hobart clicks on an "ok," "I accept," or similar acknowledgment. Commencement of any work by Hobart or Purchaser's acceptance of delivery of the Products or Services will manifest Purchaser's assent to the Agreement. Additional or different terms applicable to a particular sale may be specified in the body of an Hobart Document or agreed to in writing by the parties. In the event of a conflict, the following order of precedence will apply: (a) terms agreed to in writing and executed by an authorized officer of Hobart; (b) Hobart Document terms, (c) these Terms.
Quotations. Quotations are only valid in writing and for 30 days from the date of the quotation. All quotations are subject to change or withdrawal without prior notice to Purchaser. Quotations are made subject to approval of Purchaser's credit. Hobart may refuse orders and has no obligation to supply Products or Services unless Hobart issues an order acknowledgement or upon the shipment of Products or commencement of Services.
Prices and Payment Terms. Prices are in U.S. Dollars and are subject to change without notice. All orders are accepted subject to Hobart's price in effect at time of shipment. Prices do not include any sales, use, value-added or other taxes, import duties, license fees or like charges ("Fees") related to the sale, importation or use of Products or Services, and Purchaser is responsible for those Fees. If Hobart is subsequently required to pay any Fees, Purchaser shall fully defend and indemnify Hobart therefor. Terms of payment are 30 days net from the date of Hobart's invoice. Overdue invoices will incur interest at the rate of 1.5% per month, or at the maximum rate allowable by governing law. Purchaser's inspection rights herein will not affect the payment terms. Under no circumstances will Purchaser have a right of set-off. If Purchaser fails to make any payment as required, Purchaser agrees to indemnify Hobart for all associated costs incurred by Hobart, including reasonable attorney fees and court costs.
Credit Approval. All shipments are subject to approval by Hobart's credit department. Hobart may invoice Purchaser and recover for each shipment as a separate transaction. If, in Hobart's sole judgment, Purchaser's financial condition is or becomes unsatisfactory, then Hobart may, without prejudice to any of its other remedies: (a) defer or decline to make any shipments except upon receipt of satisfactory security or cash payments in advance; and/or (b) terminate any or all of Purchaser's purchase orders.
Cancellation or Modification. Hobart may cancel any purchase order or release thereunder, or terminate any agreement relating to the purchase of Hobart's Products or Services upon 30 days' written notice to Purchaser. Once Hobart has accepted a purchase order or begun taking actions with respect to a purchase order, Purchaser cannot cancel or modify that purchase order except with Hobart's written consent. In such event, Purchaser will be liable for cancellation or modification charges and all costs incurred and committed for the order or in connection with the cancellation or modification, as applicable, together with a reasonable allowance for prorated expenses and anticipated profits.
Inspection / Non-Conforming Shipments. Purchaser may inspect Products for a period of 21 days after delivery ("Inspection Period"). Purchaser must notify Hobart in writing of any Products that do not conform to the specifications applicable to their sale within the Inspection Period and afford Hobart a reasonable opportunity to inspect such Products and cure any nonconformity. If Purchaser fails to provide Hobart such written notice within the Inspection Period, Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted the Products. Purchaser may not return any Product without Hobart's prior written authorization. Any return authorized by Hobart must be made in accordance with Hobart's return policies. Purchaser will be responsible for all costs associated with returns of Products and will bear the risk of loss, unless Hobart agrees otherwise in writing or determines that the Products do not conform to the applicable terms of sale. Any variation in quantities shipped over or under those ordered (not to exceed 10%) will constitute compliance with Purchaser's order, and the stated price per item will continue to apply.
Shipment. Hobart anticipates use of common carriers for shipment of Products. The carrier, and not Hobart, will bill for freight rates and other shipping charges. Payments for such charges shall be paid by Purchaser directly to the carrier. All Products will be shipped F.O.B. Hobart's facility. Shipping dates are approximate and are based upon prompt receipt of all necessary information from Purchaser. Hobart may ship items in a single or multiple shipments.
Title/Risk of Loss. Title to the Products shall pass to Purchaser upon delivery to the carrier. Purchaser assumes all risk and liability for loss and use or misuse by third parties who acquire or use the Products illicitly after delivery to the carrier. Purchaser must notify Hobart and the delivering carrier within 21 days from date of receipt of Products, of any damage or shortage, and afford Hobart a reasonable opportunity to inspect the Products. Any loss occasioned by damage or shrinkage in transit will be for Purchaser's account, and claims for such loss must be made solely against the carrier.
Warranty. Warranty. Hobart Products are subject to the then current "Hobart 5/3/1 Warranty," or replacement thereof, which is available at http://www.hobartwelders.com/pdf/warranty.pdf or upon request of Purchaser. Reconditioned Products are subject to the then current Factory Reconditioned Limited Warranty, or replacement thereof, which is available at http://www.hobartwelders.com/about/reconditioned.php or upon request of Purchaser.
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH ABOVE, HOBART MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED (INCLUDING NO WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE).
Limitation of Liability and Remedies. HOBART WILL NOT BE LIABLE, AND PURCHASER WAIVES ALL CLAIMS AGAINST HOBART, FOR INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, DOWN TIME, LOST PROFITS OR COMMERCIAL LOSSES, WHETHER OR NOT BASED UPON HOBART'S NEGLIGENCE OR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR STRICT LIABILITY IN TORT OR ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION. IN NO EVENT WILL HOBART'S LIABILITY UNDER THESE TERMS OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE OF HOBART'S PRODUCTS OR SERVICES EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE OF THE SPECIFIC PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AS TO WHICH THE CLAIM IS MADE.
Training Obligations. Purchaser agrees to properly train all persons, including employees, subcontractors and transferees, who may use or handle Products sold hereunder. Purchaser shall indemnify Hobart for all costs incurred with respect to claims for personal injuries and property damage in connection with the use of Products by any person without property training. Hobart may provide Purchaser with training upon request, provided, however, any training provided by Hobart will not affect Purchaser's obligations set forth above.
Product Use. Purchaser is solely responsible for determining if a Product is fit for a particular purpose and suitable for Purchaser's method of application. Accordingly, and due to the nature and manner of use of Hobart's Products, Hobart is not responsible for the results or consequences of use, misuse or application of its Products. All physical properties, statements and recommendations are either based on the tests or experience that Hobart believes to be reliable, but they are not guaranteed.
Ownership of Intellectual Property. All drawings, know-how, designs, specifications, inventions, devices, developments, processes, copyrights and other information or intellectual property disclosed or otherwise provided to Purchaser by Hobart and all rights therein (collectively, "Intellectual Property") will remain the property of Hobart and will be kept confidential by Purchaser in accordance with these Terms. Purchaser has no claim to, nor ownership interest in, any Intellectual Property, and such information, in whatever form and any copies thereof, shall be promptly returned to Hobart upon request from Hobart. Purchaser acknowledges that no license or rights of any sort are granted to Purchaser hereunder in respect of any Intellectual Property, other than the limited right to use Hobart's Products or receive the Services purchased from Hobart.
Use of Trademarks and Trade Names. Purchaser shall not use, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, Hobart's name, or any other trademark or trade name that is now or may hereafter be owned by Hobart (collectively the "Trademarks"), as part of Purchaser's corporate or business name, or in any way in connection with Purchaser's business, except in a manner and to the extent authorized herein or otherwise approved by Hobart in writing. Purchaser hereby acknowledges Hobart's ownership of the Trademarks and the goodwill associated therewith. Purchaser shall not infringe upon, harm or contest the validity of any Trademarks. Purchaser shall be entitled to use the Trademarks only in connection with the promotion or sale of the Authorized Products pursuant to the terms of the Agreement. Purchaser shall reproduce the Trademarks exactly as specified by Hobart. Purchaser shall not use the Trademarks in combination with any other trademarks or names. Purchaser agrees that it will not register or attempt to register any Trademark or any colorable imitation thereof (including any non-English language variation thereof), or use such Trademarks for any products or for any purposes other than those set forth in the Agreement. Purchaser shall not at any time during or after termination of the Agreement use in its business any other trademark that is similar to or in any way resembles the Trademarks so as to be likely to cause deception or confusion with the Trademarks. Purchaser shall provide reasonable cooperation to Hobart with respect to any efforts of Hobart to protect, defend or enforce its rights to the Trademarks. Should Purchaser cease being an authorized customer of Hobart for any reason, Purchaser shall immediately discontinue any formerly permitted use of Hobart's name or the Trademarks.
Confidential Information. All information furnished or made available by Hobart to Purchaser in connection with the subject matter hereof shall be held in confidence by Purchaser. Purchaser agrees not to use, or disclose to others, such information without Hobart's prior written consent. The obligations in this section will not apply to any information that: (a) at the time of disclosure was or thereafter becomes generally available to the public by publication or otherwise through no breach by Purchaser of any obligation herein; (b) Purchaser can show by written records was in Purchaser's possession prior to disclosure by Hobart; or (c) is legally made available to Purchaser by or through a third party having no direct or indirect confidentiality obligation to Hobart with respect to such information.
Infringement and Indemnification. Except as set forth below, Hobart agrees to defend and indemnify Purchaser against any claims, costs, damages, liability and expenses resulting from actual patent, trademark or copyright infringement, misappropriation of confidential information, or violation of any other Intellectual Property right, domestic or foreign that may arise from the sale of Hobart's proprietary Product to Purchaser as such pertains to the subject matter of the Agreement (each, a "Claim"); provided, however, (a) Purchaser supplies Hobart written notice of such Claim immediately after the Purchaser has notice of such Claim,(b) Purchaser cooperates with Hobart in the defense and settlement of such Claim; and (c) Purchaser allows Hobart the right to defend and settle such Claim at Hobart's expense If a suit or claim results in any injunction or order that would prevent Hobart from supplying any part or Product falling under the Agreement, or if the result of such a suit or claim would, in the reasonable opinion of Hobart, otherwise cause Hobart to be unable to supply such parts or Products, Hobart may do one or more of the following: (i) secure an appropriate license to permit Hobart to continue supplying those parts or Products; (ii) modify the appropriate part or Product so that it becomes non-infringing; (iii) replace the appropriate part or Product with a non-infringing but practically equivalent part or Product; or (iv) if Hobart cannot reasonably accomplish the actions specified in subsections (i) – (iii), then in Hobart's sole discretion, Hobart may discontinue selling the part or Product without any further liability to Purchaser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Hobart shall have no liability or duty to defend and indemnify Purchaser against any Claim relating to: (1) the use of any part or Product, (2) the combination of any part or Product with any other part or product not supplied by Hobart, or (3) any part or Product or process that is designed or specified by Purchaser.
Hobart Employees. Hobart sales and service employees do not have the training or authority to make legal representations or enter into any agreements or execute any Purchaser documents affecting legal responsibilities or waiving legal rights, including those regarding the transfer of intellectual property rights or related to privacy laws. Any such representations, agreements or documents will not be binding on Hobart or such Hobart employees.
Compliance. Purchaser agrees to comply with all federal, state, local and foreign rules, regulations, ordinances and laws applicable to Purchaser's obligations hereunder and Purchaser's use of the Products and Services, including import/export laws, labor laws and anti-corruption laws.
Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in the Agreement or the course of dealing of the parties may be construed to constitute the parties hereto as partners, joint venturers or as agents for one another or as authorizing either party to obligate the other in any manner.
Force Majeure. Hobart will not be responsible for failure to perform in a timely manner under the Agreement when its failure results from events beyond its reasonable control (an event of "Force Majeure"), including acts of God, epidemics, acts of war whether declared or undeclared, blockades, labor disputes (whether of Supplier's employees or the employees of others), raw material shortages and material increases in costs of raw materials. In the event of Force Majeure, the time for performance will extend for such time as reasonably necessary to enable Hobart to perform.
Assignment; Binding Effect. No assignment of any rights or interest or delegation of any obligation of Purchaser under the Agreement Hobart or Purchaser's purchase order may be made without the prior written consent of Hobart. Any attempted assignment will be void. The Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon each of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.
Integration Clause. The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Hobart and Purchaser with respect to the Products and Services covered by the Agreement, and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings, representations and quotations with respect thereto. No modification hereof will be of any effect unless in writing and signed by the party to be bound thereby.
Waiver. In the event of any default by Purchaser, Hobart may decline to ship Products or provide Services. If Hobart elects to continue shipping or otherwise fails to insist upon strict compliance of these Terms, Hobart's actions will not constitute a waiver of Purchaser's default or any other existing or future default, or affect Hobart's legal remedies.
Bankruptcy. If either party becomes insolvent, is unable to pay its debts when due, files for or is the subject of involuntary bankruptcy, has a receiver appointed or has its assets assigned, the other party may cancel any unfulfilled obligations hereunder.
Limitation of Actions/Choice of Law/Litigation Costs. Any dispute arising out of or related to the Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of the State of Illinois and litigated exclusively in a state or federal court located in Cook County, Illinois. The parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to the Agreement. If either party commences litigation or arbitration concerning any provision of the Agreement, the prevailing party is entitled, in addition to the relief granted, to a reasonable sum for their attorney's fees in such litigation or arbitration, provided that if each party prevails in part, such fees will be allocated in the manner as the court or arbitrator determines to be equitable in view of the relative merits and amounts of the parties' claims.
Survival. Any provisions in the Agreement which, by their nature, extend beyond the termination or expiration of any sale of Products or Services, will remain in effect until fulfilled.
Jury Waiver. The parties hereto expressly release and waive any and all rights to a jury trial and consent to have any dispute heard solely by a court of competent jurisdiction.
Severability. If any provision herein is held to be unlawful or unenforceable, the remaining provisions herein will remain in effect.
Close
View Cart + Checkout
Continue Shopping
Sign Up for Miller eNewsletters
To activate your FREE subscription today, simply select which newsletter(s) you would like to receive and complete the form below.
Miller respects your privacy concerns.  Read our privacy policy for more information.
Already signed up?  Manage your subscription(s) by signing into your account.  Or if you don't have a Miller account, create one today.  Sign in / Create Account.
*Please select at least one e-Newsletter.
NEWS
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Email Address
*
Confirm Email
*
Country
Select
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinia Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Maarten
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet nam
Virgin Islands (US)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
*
Postal Code
Sign Up
All fields are required.
At least one newsletter must be selected.
The entered e-mail addresses do not match.
An unknown error occurred.
Please try again later.
Thank you for subscribing to our eNewsletters.  Miller respects your privacy concerns.  Read our privacy policy for more information.
You can manage your subscription(s) by signing into your account.  Or if you don't have a Miller account, create one today.  Sign in / Create Account.