http://www.tms.co.nz/webpages/privacy.aspx
More Information? Phone: +64 9 836 5317
Menu >>
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Accreditation
Public Accreditation
In-House Accreditation
Hot Topics
Testimonials
Consultant Login
Contact Us
Facilitation
Privacy Policy
General
Team Management Services recognises its responsibility, and is committed to, ensuring the privacy of your information.
Personal Information
You may be asked to submit certain personal information in order to receive or use services from Team Management Services.
We will treat any such personal information submitted by you and any information retrieved while using this website ("site") in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Modification of this Privacy Policy
Team Management Services may, from time to time and at its sole discretion, modify, alter or otherwise change this Privacy Policy with or without notice to you.
All such changes will be effective immediately upon the updating of the page on the site at which the Privacy Policy is contained.
You agree to check the Privacy Policy and be bound by the Privacy Policy that is in effect at the time at which you access the site.
The date of the most recent revision of the Privacy Policy is provided at the end of the Policy.
Collection, Use and Storage of Personal Information
You may browse information contained on the site without providing personally identifiable information.
Where you voluntarily provide personally identifiable information (e.g. if you complete a questionnaire or registration form with us or email us),
we will hold your personal information in accordance with the requirements set out in the New Zealand Government Privacy Act 2020. In particular:
Your personal information will be used only for the purposes for which it is collected and will be retained only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes
for which the information was collected (including any time that we are required by law to retain such information).
We will not release your personal information to any third party except where required to, permitted to, by law,
where you have authorised us to do so or where disclosure is connected to the purpose for which the information was collected.
Information Retrieved while Visiting the Website
Some information is automatically retrieved while you visit the site. This information is outlined below.
In the event that any personal information is collected, we will only use this information in aggregate form so that the identity of individual users cannot be identified.
In order to provide you with better and more relevant services, we compile information about email responses and website usage.
This information helps us to better understand our customers' interests and site usage patterns and also what types of content may help to encourage those visits.
We also log your IP address (the perceived location of your computer on the internet) and your browser and operating system details whenever you use the site.
This is primarily for system administration and troubleshooting purposes but to also assist in understanding the locations of users accessing the site and the different types of
technology platforms being used to do so.
Questionnaires
If you fill in a questionnaire on the site you may be asked to provide Personal Information as part of the process. This information is used:
To allow your responses to be uniquely identified within our internal systems
To enable us to contact you should we need to discuss your questionnaire submission
(Where applicable) to enable our systems to send you access details to cloud-based services directly related to your questionnaire
Personal Information collected through our questionnaires is not used for any other purpose.
Email Communications
We may send emails to you from time to time. Such emails may relate to:
orders that you have submitted to us
accreditation or other learning services that we are providing to you
responses to enquiries
In addition, if you have opted-in to receive such communications, we may send you via email information relating to our products and services.
All ‘opt-in’ emails include links to unsubscribe from the email service. You can also use the Contact Us page of the site to make any such request.
Our emails may track clicks to find out which links in the email were clicked on. We may also track whether the email itself has been viewed and by whom.
"HTML-sensing" may be used to determine if your client supports HTML-based emails.
Cookies
This site uses cookies to enhance your experience while visiting the site. Cookies are small text files created by a web server, delivered through a web browser, and stored on your computer or device.
They provide a means for this site to keep track of online patterns and preferences, as well as to identify return visitors.
Cookies make the personalisation of your web experiences possible, so that you do not need to re-enter your information each time you visit the site.
You have the ability to manage the use of cookies on your computer using controls in your browser.
To learn more about how to manage cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org. Note that disabling of cookies may prevent this site from functioning properly when viewed through your browser.
Data Storage
This website, and the underlying data, is hosted by a third party service provider. This service is based in New Zealand,
subject to New Zealand law (including the Privacy Act 2020) and utilises web hosting and database storage infrastructure which is wholly based in New Zealand.
In addition, several of the services offered by us which store your Personal Information are hosted by third party service providers based in Australia. The providers of these services are subject to Australian law (including The Australian Government Privacy Act 1988).
Data stored by these providers is on infrastructure located within Australia.
These Service Providers employ physical, electronic and managerial processes to protect the hosted services and the data collected.
Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of any information supplied by you, Team Management Services have put in place physical,
electronic and managerial processes to protect your information. Additionally, all user information stored on the site is protected from unauthorised access through the use of secure passwords,
user passwords and other security procedures. Users have specific responsibilities to keep their passwords safe.
Where your activities on our websites result in data exchange between you and the sites, such exchange of information is protected by means of SSL encryption.
Data exchange via email, due to the nature of the technologies involved, is not completely secure. Although we will endeavour to protect any personal information that you send to us via email,
we cannot guarantee the security of such information. Once we have received your personal information via this mechanism, we use security processes and technologies to secure this information.
Access to, Editing and Deleting Personal Information
You can ask to see the personal information that we hold about you, or make a request for information under the New Zealand Government Privacy Act 2020, by sending a written request to:
The Privacy Officer
Team Management Services
PO Box 104-186
Lincoln North 0654
Auckland
New Zealand
privacy@tms.co.nz
You may also ask us to correct, alter or delete any personal information that we hold about you by sending a written request to the above contact details.
It is your responsibility to ensure that personal information provided to us is accurate.
You are advised that alteration or deletion of your personal information may prevent us from continuing to provide you services you receive or use on this site.
Notwithstanding the above, Team Management Services reserves the right to retain and anonymise any and all non-personal information you have
provided to us if such information is being used, or is intended to be used, for research purposes.
Privacy Breaches
Team Management Services recognises its responsibilities under Part 6 of the New Zealand Government Privacy Act 2020.
Privacy Considerations for individuals of the European Union
Where Team Management Services collects personal information from an individual within the European Union,
any such information will be protected in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679.
Privacy Considerations for the TMP Mobile App
For the Privacy Policy specific to the TMP Mobile App, please click here.
Revision Date
This Privacy Policy was last updated 01 December 2020.
Providers already accredited in TMS Profiles
Please click here to see some of the organisations that are accredited to facilitate our profiles
Organisations that use TMS Profiles
Please click here to see some of the organisations that use our profiles
Meet Our Team
Meet Our Team
Contact Us
Team Management Services Ltd
70 Central Park Drive
Lincoln North 0654
Auckland
Contact Us
Team Management Services Ltd
70 Central Park Drive
Lincoln North 0654
Auckland
© 2020 Team Management Services Ltd | Privacy Policy