http://www.firstgearreplicas.com/privacy-policy
Menu PRODUCT SHOPCustom ReplicasDiecast ReplicasToy ReplicasBuilding BlocksDecal InventoryCustom ToolingTestimonialsFAQAbout UsCollector ClubTread Marks™AnnouncementsShows & Events
Account
Home
Privacy & Security Policy
Privacy & Security Policy
First Gear is committed to protecting your private information as you visit this website. The following policy explains how we collect and use the personal information that you provide to us.  By using the First Gear website you consent to the data practices described herein.  This policy may be revised from time-to-time without notice.
Information that is collected from you
First Gear collects information in several different ways in the course of conducting business, including when providing goods or services to customers, when a customer registers on our site or fills out a form, when we are responding to questions regarding our products and our company, or interacting with people via our website through special offer promotions, marketing surveys, etc.
Personal information collected may include such information as your name, email address, city, state, and telephone number, access times, referring website addresses, IP address, etc.
When you contact First Gear we may keep a record of such correspondence.
How your information is used
Any information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:
To process transactions.
Your personal information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any outside party for any reason whatsoever without your consent, other than for the purpose of delivering the purchased product or the service requested by you.
To personalize your experience so we can better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website based on information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service.
To send occasional emails:
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information pertaining to your order, to provide you with company news, new product introductions, related product or service information, special marketing promotions, surveys, etc.
Note:  If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions with each email.
Who is collecting your information
When you are asked for personal information on our website you are sharing that information with First Gear alone, unless it is specifically stated otherwise.
Disclosure of information to outside parties
As a general rule, First Gear Inc. will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to outside parties except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below.
First Gear may disclose personal information to outside parties if it is necessary for the primary purpose of collecting the information, or for a related secondary purpose, if the disclosure could be reasonably expected, such as disclosure to a delivery contractor for the purpose of delivering goods ordered from First Gear. Where such a disclosure is necessary, First Gear will require that the outside party treat the personal information in accordance with First Gear Privacy Policy.
First Gear may disclose personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Terms of Use of the website or may be causing injury to, or interference with, whether intentionally or unintentionally, the rights or property of the website, other users of the website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. First Gear may disclose or access personal information when we believe in good faith that it is necessary or appropriate in order to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, protect or enforce First Gear’s legal rights or interests or to defend any claims, and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website.  These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies.  We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Choices available to you regarding your personal information
If you choose not to register or provide personal information when requested or required, you can still use most of the website but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require registration or personal information.
First Gear Inc. does not sell or rent user information to anyone. We will notify you at the time of data collection or transfer if your data will be shared with a third party and you will always have the option of not permitting the transfer. If you do not wish to allow your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular service by advising First Gear of that choice.
Security precautions
Other than the administrator of our website or other authorized personnel of First Gear Inc., you are the only person who has access to your personal information. As an extra security precaution, you may want to logoff once you have completed a session on our website. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, First Gear does not guarantee that personal information cannot be accessed by an unauthorized person such as a hacker, or that unauthorized disclosures will not occur.
While we strive to protect your personal information, First Gear Inc. cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
Please keep in mind that, whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online, such information can be collected and used by others.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your account information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website.
Terms of Use
Please visit our Terms of Use page to view the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
Your use of our website is your consent to our privacy policy.
Contact First Gear
If there are any questions regarding the First Gear Privacy Policy or the way that First Gear manages personal information, you may contact us via:
Email:  consumerservices@1st-gear.com
In Writing:            First Gear Inc.            Attn:  Website Administrator            PO Box 52            Peosta, IA  52068-0052
Privacy Policy Changes
This privacy policy was created July 2020.  Any changes to this policy will be posted on this page.