http://www.transparentcable.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Transparent is committed to protecting our customers' privacy. Transparent will not sell customer contact, or shipping information, or purchase details to any party. Transparent will take every measure possible to protect a customer's contact, shipping, or payment information. The Transparent Store is a secure website.
Transparent offers the products in this store in partnership with their specialty dealer network. By making a purchase at the Transparent Store, the customer consents to Transparent sharing his or her contact information and purchase details with either the Transparent Dealer selected by the customer, or if no dealer is selected, the Dealer chosen by Transparent. Sharing contact and purchase information with a Transparent Dealer is important because numerous Transparent products are available only through a Transparent Dealer, and the benefits of the Transparent Upgrade Program are only available through a Transparent Dealer. A Transparent Dealer is, therefore, an important key to a customer's future satisfaction with long term home music and film system planning.
Transparent's preferred shipper is Federal Express. Transparent will forward the customer's email address and shipping information to Federal Express at the time an order ships, so that the customer can easily track order progress. Federal Express will automatically email the customer with tracking information. If a customer prefers not to receive this information from the shipper, during check out the customer can instruct Transparent not to provide the customer's email address to Federal Express.
Transparent will not share a customer's contact or purchase information with a third party without the customer's permission (other than with a Transparent Dealer and Federal Express).
Transparent reserves the right to send by mail or email occasional announcements of new products, product upgrades, and product recalls that Transparent considers pertinent to the customer's Transparent Store purchase profile. The customer always has the right to opt out of these occasional communications that will come directly from Transparent.
Transparent provides the option for customers to join our regular email list which would result in more general Transparent announcements. Customers who join this list will always have the option of opting out of the list at any time.
If you have any questions, about our Privacy Policy, please contact us or call us at +1 (207) 284-1100.
Sign up for the latest Transparent Audio news, new product info, promos, and more.
English
English French German Italian Russian Spanish