http://www.firstquality.com/en/privacy
Privacy
LAST UPDATE: July 1, 2020
First Quality and its affiliates (collectively, “First Quality”, “we”, “our”, and “us”) respect your concerns about privacy and personal data protection and value our relationship with you.  This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies solely to personal information collected through the First Quality website, online services, and web pages that post and specifically reference this Policy (all of the foregoing, collectively, the “Site”), whether those Sites are accessed via computer, mobile device or other device (collectively, “Device”).
This Policy describes the types of personal information we collect through the Site and how that personal information may be used and/or with whom it may be shared.  This Policy also describes how you can reach us to update your personal information, access and control the use of the personal information, or get answers to questions you may have about our privacy practices at this Site.  Please read this Policy carefully, because by accessing and using this Site you are acknowledging that you understand and agree to the terms of this Policy.
First Quality’s affiliates are listed in the FIRST QUALITY AFFILIATES section below.
1.  CONSENT
Consent to Data Collection and Processing
You hereby agree with and consent to the collection and processing of your personal information as described in this Policy.
Consent to International Data Transfers
Your personal information may be collected, processed and stored by First Quality or its service providers in the United States and other countries where our servers reside.  Please be aware that the privacy protections and legal requirements in some of these countries, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may not be equivalent to those in your country. You hereby agree with and consent to the transfer of your personal data to the United States and other countries where First Quality operates.
2.  COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
As you interact with First Quality, there may be opportunities for you to provide us with your information. Additionally, we may collect certain information about you as further described below.
You may provide us with information about you through a number of sources: First Quality websites, surveys, social media platforms, sweepstakes entries, and through our customer contact centers.
The categories of information that First Quality collects about you may include, but are not limited to:
Identifiers/Contact information (such as name, address, city, state and ZIP code, email address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, Social Security number, or other similar identifiers).
Demographic information (such as gender, date of birth, marital status, and household composition).
Inferences drawn from other personal information (such as personal preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes).
Geographical location.
Information about your connected devices (such as mobile phone, computer, or tablet) and how you interact with our products, services, applications, and websites (such as IP address, browser type, unique device identifier, cookie data, and associated identifying and usage information).
Marketing profile information.
Product information.
Relationships you have with First Quality.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you as described herein.
Indirectly from you. For example, through information we collect in the course of providing services and products.
Directly and indirectly from activity on this Site.
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with the services and products we provide.
The information First Quality collects about you and your devices may be used:
To provide products and services and maintain customer relationships
To improve the quality, safety, and security of our products and services
To administer your account(s), if applicable
To operate our websites, including online registration processes
To autofill data fields on our websites to improve your online experience
To develop new products and services
To provide customer support and service (such as recall information)
To provide information and product updates
For research, evaluation of use, and troubleshooting purposes
For marketing and analytics purposes
To customize and improve communication content
To comply with legal, regulator, or contractual requirements
Communications with you in connection with these uses may be via mail, telephone, e-mail, text message, social media, or other electronic messages, or via our websites.
Personal Information You Provide
The privacy and security of the personal information that First Quality collects from you is a priority for First Quality.  When you visit this Site you may be asked or choose to provide personal information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally including, but not limited to: your name, address, telephone number, birth date, and email address.
You may choose to receive certain communications from First Quality via your email address upon interaction with the Site.  From time to time First Quality may include surveys, information requests, or other features on the Site which ask you to provide personal information such as your name, telephone number, email address or mailing address. Any information you may provide will be used by First Quality to allow you to participate in the particular feature being offered. First Quality may also retain any information you provide in order to send you information about First Quality’s products and services that may be of interest to you. First Quality will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications. We may use one or more service providers to administer these messages, but we do not share your email address with spammers or any other third parties without your permission.
From time to time, First Quality may offer sweepstakes, games and other contests on the Site either by itself or in conjunction with a third party partner. You may be asked to provide your name, mailing address and/or email address and date of birth, as well as certain other information on an optional basis (e.g., your gender or annual household income), in order to participate in such sweepstakes or contest. This information may also be used by First Quality or its third party partner to send you information about First Quality’s or such third party partner’s products and services in the form of an email or regular mail communication or a telephone call. First Quality will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications from First Quality each time you receive such a communication. However, First Quality does not control, and shall not be responsible for, the privacy policies or practices of its third party partners. If you no longer wish to receive such communications from any third party partner of First Quality in a sweepstakes or other contest that you may enter, you will need to contact such third party partner directly.
You will be informed what personal information is required and what information is optional when asked to submit personal information to us.  By submitting personal information to First Quality at this Site, you hereby consent to First Quality’s collection, use and disclosure of such personal information.
Passive Information Collection and Use
As you navigate around this Site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information), using various technologies.  We may passively collect and use information in a variety of ways, including:
Through your browser and Device:  Certain information is collected by most browsers, such as your computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system version, and Internet browser type and version.  We collect Device-specific information (such as your hardware model, and operating system version).
Cookies:  Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer you are using.  Cookies allow us to collect information such as browser type, time spent on this Site, pages visited, and language preferences.  We and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, and display information more effectively.  In addition, we use cookies to gather statistical information about Site usage in order to continually improve its design and functionality, understand how individuals use it, and to assist us with resolving questions regarding it.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) to disable existing cookies; or (iii) to set your browser to automatically reject any cookies.  If you set your browser to reject cookies, part of the Site may not work for you.
Pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs, or other similar technologies:  These may be used in connection with some Site pages to, among other things, track the actions of Site users and compile statistics about Site usage and response rates.
IP Address: Your IP Address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider.  An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits this Site, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited.  Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites.  We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering this Site.
Do Not Track Requests:  Your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes.  The only way to completely opt out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively management the settings on your browser or Device to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools.  Please note, depending on your type of Device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your Device.
We permit third-party advertising partners to use the foregoing tracking technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites when you use the Site.  For example, we use advertising services provided by third-party ad partners, such as Google, to market our service to you on other websites and online services.  Through a process called “retargeting,” each service places a cookie on your browser when you visit the Site so that they can identify you and serve you ads on other sites around the web based on your browsing activity.  To avoid use of this information for advertising by these third-party ad partners, you can change your browser settings to reject cookies or to notify you when cookies are set and you could select the Do Not Track option on your browser, though we have no control over and cannot confirm whether these third-party ad partners honor the Do Not Track browser signal.  Additionally, many advertising companies are members of the NAI or DAA and/or provide opt-outs on those industry pages at networkadvertising.org/choices or aboutads.info/choices.
We utilize Google Analytics on the Site. Google Analytics is a website analysis service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this Site, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on Google’s Privacy Policy go to https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. Users can opt-out of Google Analytics tracking at https://tools/google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.  Some additional Google Analytics features that First Quality may use are:
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting – allows First Quality to see the age, gender and interests of website visitors to better understand them and personalize advertising.
Google Display Network Impression Reporting – for banner ads.
Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising – allows personalization of ads on our ad networks.
User ID Extension for Google Analytics – allows First Quality to connect multiple devices, sessions and engagement data.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website. Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Integrated Accounts and Social Media Information
We may implement applications or "widgets" from third party providers (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, etc.) that allow interaction, integration or content sharing with third party services.  These widgets or applications may be visible on a page you visit on our Site or may require log-in through the third party provider’s service.  The third party providing the widget or integration may offer controls for you to manage your interactions.  Any interaction with a third party widget or application typically allows the third party to collect some information about you (whether through cookies, registration information or otherwise).  These third parties may even track you when you do not interact with the widget.  If you have engaged any of these third party service providers, their respective privacy policies will govern their tracking and collection of information.  You should review these third party policies to understand these practices.
How We Use and Disclose Information
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy. The information may be disclosed for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To our affiliates for related business purposes.
We use and disclose personal information you provide to us as described to you at the point of collection, such as when you (1) register for a business account, and (2) submit your name and e-mail address to receive product updates and marketing information.  When you elect to engage in such activities, we may ask that you provide us personal information, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), e-mail address, and telephone number(s).
We also use and transfer personal information from or about you:
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests, such as to send you documents you request or e-mail;
to send you important information regarding our relationship with you or regarding this Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information; and
for our business purposes, such as marketing new products and services, data analysis, audits, developing new products or services, enhancing our Site, improving our products and services, identifying Site usage trends, and determining the effectiveness of our Site.
to our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting and moderating, data analysis, infrastructure provision, IT services, e-mail services, marketing services, auditing services, and other services, in order to enable them to provide services;
to verify your information;
You may submit information about First Quality products or stories and photographs for inclusion on First Quality’s social media platforms. Any information you submit to First Quality for posting on the Site may be available to the public and may be collected and used by persons other than First Quality. You should not submit to First Quality any information that you do not want others to know. First Quality does not routinely monitor these areas of the Site, and you submit such information to First Quality for posting only at your own risk.
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings); and
when we otherwise have your consent.
In addition, we use and disclose personal information collected through this Site as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) as permitted by applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with any legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our contractual relationships with you; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We may also use and disclose personal information collected through this Site in other ways, with your prior consent.
We also use and disclose information we collect passively as described above, under "Passive Information Collection and Use," and for any other purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law (for example, if we are required to treat such information as personal information). In addition, we may use and disclose information that is not in personally identifiable form (such as anonymized, masked or de-identified information) for any purpose. If we combine information that is not in personally identifiable form with information that is (such as combining your name with your geographical location), we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is combined.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
In the event that First Quality begins selling personal information, this Policy will be updated to reflect that sale and you will be notified of such update. Additionally, you will be provided the ability to opt-out of the sale of your personal information collected by First Quality by clicking the DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION webpage link.
In the last 12 months, we have disclosed these categories of personal information about consumers for a business purpose:
Personal identification information such as real name, postal address, online identifier, email address, and account number.
Demographic information, such as gender.
Product information.
Geographical location.
Internet or other electronic network activity, including but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with the Site.
Use of Information for Marketing Purposes
First Quality and our affiliates may send you regular promotional communications about our products, services, events and promotions. Such promotional materials may use the “First Quality” brand or our product brands and may be sent to you via different channels, such as: email, phone, SMS text messages, postal mailings, and third party social networks.
In order to provide you with the best personalized experience, sometimes these communications may be tailored to your preferences (for example, as you indicate these to us, as we may have inferred from your Site visits, or based on the links you click in our emails).  When required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before starting these activities.  In addition, you may withdraw your consent (opt-out) at any time.
In particular, you can opt-out from receiving marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each email.
Please note that even if you opt-out from receiving marketing communications, you might still receive administrative communications from us.
3.  GENERAL PRINCIPLES FOR THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information will be collected, stored, processed and transmitted in accordance with First Quality’s established policies and applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations.
The principles of First Quality with respect to the processing of personal information are as follows:  (1) personal information will be processed fairly and lawfully, (2) personal information will be collected for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes and not further processed for incompatible purposes, (3) personal information collected by First Quality will be adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are collected and processed, (4) personal information collected by First Quality will be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date to the best of our ability, (5) personal information collected by First Quality will be retained as identifiable data for no longer than necessary to serve the purposes for which the personal information was collected, and (6) personal data will be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures.
If First Quality engages in the processing of personal information for purposes other than those specified in this Policy, First Quality will provide notice of these changes, the purposes for which the personal information will be used, and the recipients of personal information.
4.  THIRD PARTY SITES AND SERVICES
This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or web property that is available through this Site or to which this Site contains a link.  The availability of, or inclusion of a link to, any such site or property on this Site does not imply endorsement of it by us or by our affiliates.
5.  CHOICES AND ACCESS
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information. First Quality provides you with the opportunity to receive information by email, regular mail or telephone calls from First Quality, or third parties which may be of interest to you, including information relating to new products and services offered on the Site by First Quality, or other third parties.  If you do not want to receive any information by email, regular mail or telephone calls, you may opt-out of further communications provided by First Quality at any time by: (i) sending First Quality an email at privacy@firstquality.com; or (ii) writing to First Quality at First Quality Enterprises, Inc., 80 Cuttermill Rd. Suite 500, Great Neck, NY 11021, Attention: Business Practices Department. Please note that First Quality can only comply with requests relating to email, regular mail or telephone communications provided by First Quality. If you no longer wish to receive further information by email, regular mail or telephone from any third party, you will need to contact such third party directly to opt-out of further communications being provided to you.  We will seek to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.
If applicable, and you would like to review, correct, update, or delete the personal information that you have provided via this Site, please contact us.  We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in compliance with applicable law.
6.  ACCURACY
It is your responsibility to provide First Quality with accurate personal information.  Except as otherwise set forth in this Policy, First Quality shall only use personal information in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by you.  To the extent necessary for these purposes, First Quality shall take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete, current and relevant to its intended use.
7.  YOUR RIGHTS OVER YOUR INFORMATION
California Privacy Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) grants users of our Site that are California residents certain rights in regards to our collection of personal information. These rights include:
The right to request the disclosures of (1) what personal information has been collected; (2) the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collection or selling personal information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information; and (5) the specific pieces of personal information First Quality has collected;
The right to request the deletion of their personal information that has been collected; and
The right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information.
Under the CCPA, a data subject may only make a personal information request twice in a 12-month period. First Quality will respond to such personal information request within 45 days of receiving the personal information request.
Exercising Your Rights
To exercise your rights as described herein, you may submit a verifiable consumer request to us (as described above) by either contacting us at 833-590-1218 or by visiting the request portal. First Quality will not discriminate in any way against any users of the Site that exercise their rights provided by law.
8.  RETENTION PERIOD
We retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law or to otherwise fulfill a legal obligation.
9.  SECURITY
First Quality has implemented security measures designed to protect personal information provided by you against unauthorized access and use. Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by parties other than the intended recipient.  If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the CONTACTING US section below.
10.  USE OF SITE BY MINORS
We do not intentionally collect information from individuals under the age of 13.  The Site is not directed to individuals under the age of 13 and we request that these individuals not provide personal information through this Site.
11.  COMPLIANCE WITH LOCAL LAWS
This Policy is meant to guide First Quality with respect to personal information collected from or about you at this Site.  While this Policy applies to personal information generally, the local laws, rules and regulations of jurisdictions that are applicable to First Quality (“Local Laws”) may require standards which are stricter than this Policy and, in such event, First Quality will comply with applicable Local Laws.  Specific privacy policies may be adopted to address the specific privacy requirements of particular jurisdictions. All the information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Policy. Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or service providers, and by using our Site or by providing consent to us (where required by law), you specifically acknowledge and consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including to the United States, which may provide for different data protection rules, and a lower standard of required protection, than in your country. Irrespective of which country your personal data is transferred, we would only share your personal data under a ‘need to know’ basis.  In these circumstances we will, as required by applicable law, ensure that your privacy rights are adequately protected by organizational, technical, contractual and/or other lawful means.
12.  UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Policy.  Please review the LAST UPDATE legend at the top of this page to see when this Policy was last revised.  Any changes to this Policy will become effective when we post the revised Policy on this Site.  Your use of this Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Policy.
13.  COMPLIANCE
First Quality will use a self-assessment approach to verify compliance with this Policy and periodically verify that the Policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, implemented and accessible.
If you believe that your personal information has been processed or disclosed in violation of this Policy, First Quality encourages you to raise any concerns using the contact information provided in this Policy.  First Quality will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information.
14.  YOUR RIGHT TO COMPLAIN
If you have a complaint as to our use of your information, you may file a complaint with us, the California Attorney General, any other governmental agency, and/or a judicial body.
A complaint may be submitted directly to First Quality by utilizing one of the contact methods described in the CONTACTING US section of this policy below.
15.  FIRST QUALITY AFFILIATES
First Quality’s affiliates are:
First Quality Consumer Products, LLC
First Quality Tissue, LLC
First Quality Tissue SE, LLC
FQP&P
First Quality Products, Inc.
First Quality Baby Products, LLC
First Quality Retail Services, LLC
First Quality Hygienic, Inc.
Nutek Disposables, Inc.
Fempro Consumer Products ULC
16.  CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact First Quality directly.
Our contact information is as follows:
First Quality Enterprises, Inc.
80 Cuttermill Rd., Suite 500
Great Neck, NY 11021
Attention: Business Practices Department
833-590-1218 (Monday to Friday, 8am – 5pm EST)
privacy@firstquality.com