https://www.lewa.com/en/privacy
Legal Notice
Please read the following information to ensure that you are fully aware of how personal data is collected, processed, and used on our website.
1. Controller for processing the personal data
Your data is processed in the name and on behalf of:
LEWA GmbH  Ulmer Str. 10 71229 Leonberg
Controllers and managing directors: Tsunehisa Suita (CEO), Dr.-Ing. Martin Fiedler, Stefan Glasmeyer
You can contact our data protection officer at the mailing address above or by e-mail at datenschutz@lewa.de.
Please note:
This privacy policy may be adjusted from time to time, for example due to changes caused by technological advancement, legal requirements or other factors.
For this reason, we ask that you occasionally visit this page to find out about any changes we make here.
2. Data collection for statistical and internal system processes
For technical reasons, your Internet browser automatically sends data to our web server when you access our website. This data includes the name of the website accessed, the file, date and time of the access, status codes, browser type and version, and the visitor’s IP address. This data is stored separately from other data that you enter while using our services. This data does not refer to a specific person. The log data collected is used exclusively for statistical evaluations to ensure reliable operation, security and improved usability for our Internet presence, and is then deleted. If we have concrete reasons for suspecting unlawful use, we reserve the right to review the log data later and evaluate it with regard to the concrete suspicion as necessary.
3. Collection and processing of personal data
Personal data is only collected and processed if you provide it to us through our Internet presence. This could be the case: When you request a consultation or offer When you use our after-sales and service forms When you submit a supplier application When you make a general inquiry (which you can also make by e-mail, phone, or on social media such as Facebook) When you download one of our white papers When you order our newsletter When you register for the LEWA press distribution list When you use our application and contact forms When you register for our online shop When you use our contact form for the online shop The personal data sent to us depends on which form you use to contact us.
The personal data you enter will be collected and stored for the internal uses listed below and for our own purposes: To create a customer profile and for the contact history To transfer the data to the subsidiaries or sales partners responsible for serving you For assignment and processing of your inquiry To create and send you offers of products and services To create and process contracts For customer satisfaction surveys To process applications for job listings (see also the specific information under item 5) To conduct any necessary personal communication by phone, fax, letter, e-mail, or on social networks For storage in a customer relationship management system (CRM system) For managing visitors who visit our premises For advertising measures for products and services from companies in the LEWA Group, affiliated companies and licensed commercial products To send you the newsletter, invitations to trade shows and events, product information and general news about our corporate group, industry and technologies by e-mail 4. Processing data for our newsletter
In order to send the newsletter, we will retain your data until you send us a corresponding notice or terminate your subscription to our newsletter. You may terminate your subscription at any time using the link provided in the newsletter. By terminating, you are revoking permission to use your contact data. Your data will then be immediately deleted at no cost to you.
In addition, personal data is automatically collected when you access the newsletter and its content. We use this data for statistical purposes and to optimize our products and services.
5. Data privacy during the application process
We collect and process applicants’ personal data in order to process their applications. The data may also be processed electronically. In particular, this is the case if applicants send us the relevant application materials electronically, for example using our online form or by e-mail. If LEWA GmbH concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the personal data sent will be stored for the purpose of managing the employment relationship in accordance with the legal requirements. If we do not conclude an employment contract with an applicant, the application materials will be deleted by no later than six months after we turn down the application, unless deleting them would conflict with LEWA GmbH’s other legitimate interests. Other legitimate interests in this sense include, for example, the burden of proof in proceedings based on the German General Act on Equal Treatment (AGG). When you use our online form, the data is encrypted using state-of-the-art methods before it is sent to us. Alternatively, you may also send us your application by e-mail. However, please note that applicants must encrypt it themselves in this case. For that reason, we recommend either using our online form or mailing it to us.   Any documents that you submit in connection with reimbursement of your travel expenses will be stored in accordance with the requirements of applicable tax law, and will be deleted after expiry of the retention periods defined by law.
6. Legal basis for processing your data
The lawfulness (legal basis) for processing your data results from your consent (in accordance with Art. 6, Par. 1(a) of the GDPR) and/or the necessity of doing so in order to perform a contract or take steps prior to entering into a contract (in accordance with Art. 6, Par. 1(b) of the GDPR). If it is necessary for legitimate interests pursued by LEWA GmbH, we will process the data in accordance with Art. 6, Par. 1(f) of the GDPR. Any data you provide during the application process is also processed in accordance with Section 26 of latest version of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). If you voluntarily provide us with special categories of personal data in your application (for example information about a disability), your data will also be processed in accordance with Art. 9 Par. 2(b) of the GDPR. If we need to request data about your health to ensure that the requirements for the position advertised are met, processing of this data will also comply with Art. 9 Par. 2(a) of the GDPR.
7. Duration of data storage
We will store your data for the period of time for which your consent is valid or until the data has fulfilled its purpose. Afterwards, we will delete this data if no legal obligations require us to retain it.
8. Transferring data
The data you enter in the forms will always be sent in encrypted form.
We may arrange for data to be transferred to one or more processors, such as service providers (web hosting service providers) or our affiliated companies or the sales agencies commissioned by LEWA GmbH, which will also use the personal data exclusively for internal purposes that can be attributed to our company.
We will not disclose your personal data to any other third parties without your consent unless doing so is required by law or necessary in order to protect LEWA GmbH’s rights, property, or security.
If external service providers come into contact with personal data, we demand mandatory legal, technical and organizational measures to ensure compliance with data protection regulations.
9. Cookies
Among other things, our website uses “cookies” that are used to make our Internet presence more user-friendly, more effective, and more secure – for example, to accelerate navigation on our platform. Cookies also permit us to measure information such as the frequency of page calls and general navigation. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer system. Please note that some of these cookies are copied from our server to your computer system; these are usually what are known as “session cookies.” Session cookies are characterized by the fact that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive after the end of the browser session. Other cookies (“persistent cookies”) remain in your computer system and allow us to recognize your computer system the next time you visit our site. Of course, you can always reject cookies at any time as long as your browser allows you to. However, this might limit the convenience and options for using our Internet presence.
10. Use of Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Please note that this website uses Google Analytics with the extension of IP anonymization and that therefore only abbreviated IP addresses are further processed in order to rule out direct personal identification.
Google Analytics uses what are known as “cookies,” which are text files stored on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports about the website activities for the website operators, and provide other services related to website and Internet use. Google may also transfer this information to third parties to the extent that this is required by law or these third parties process the data on Google’s behalf. Under no circumstances will Google associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You can prevent cookies from being set at any time using the corresponding settings in your browser software; however, we do warn you that in this case you will not be able to use all of the functions of this website to their full extent. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Data collection and storage can be denied at any time, remaining effective for the future. You can find our contact address for this denial on our contact information page. Alternatively, you can use the deactivation add-on for Google Analytics (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) if it is available for your browser.
The website https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites?hl=en offers an overview of how Google uses data.
11. Matomo (formerly Piwik)
This website belongs to the open source web analysis service Matomo. Matomo can be used to reopen the user across pages to analyze user behavior (e.g. cookies or device fingerprinting). The information collected by Matomo about the authorization of this website is set on our server. The IP address is anonymized before being saved.
The use of this analysis tool was based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. The website operator has an interest in the anonymization analysis of user behavior in order to include its website as well as its advertising. If a possible consent was requested, e.g. B. Consent to the storage of cookies 6 (1) lit. a GDPR; The consent can be temporarily revoked.
The information collected by Matomo regarding the authorization of this website does not become a third party influence.
12. Analysis by WiredMinds
Our website uses a counting pixel technology provided by wiredminds GmbH (www.wiredminds.de) to analyze visitor behavior. If necessary, data is collected, processed and stored, from which user profiles are created under a pseudonym. Wherever possible and reasonable, these usage profiles are completely anonymized.
Cookies can be used for this purpose. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the visitor's Internet browser and serve to recognize the Internet browser. The collected data, which may also contain personal data, will be transmitted to wiredminds or collected directly by wiredminds. wiredminds may use information that is left by visiting the websites to create anonymized usage profiles. The data obtained without explicit consent of the affected person will not be used to personally identify the visitor of this website and will not be merged with personal data of the bearer of the pseudonym.
Whenever IP addresses are recorded, their immediate anonymization takes place by deleting the last number block. You can opt out of website tracking at this link.
13. Google (re)marketing services
We use the (re)marketing function from Google Inc. (“Google”) on our website. The purpose of this function is to present visitors to our website with interest-based advertisements through the Google advertising network. In this process, your browser stores cookies, which are text files stored on your computer in order to recognize you when you visit websites that belong to the Google advertising network. This allows these pages to display advertisements related to content that you previously accessed on websites that use Google’s (re)marketing function. Google has stated that it does not collect any personal data in this process. If you do not want the Google (re)marketing function, you can make the appropriate settings for general deactivation of this function at http://www.google.com/settings/ads. Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies for interest-based advertising through the Network Advertising Initiative by following the instructions at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. For more information about Google (re)marketing and Google’s privacy policy, please visit http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/.
Exclude from Tracking
Alternatively, you can opt out of interest-based advertising through Google marketing services using the setting and opt-out options Google offers at http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.
14. Data processing by YouTube
Our website includes what are known as “embedded” YouTube videos. Our site only enables the connection to YouTube. YouTube is a product of Google Inc. Please refer to YouTube’s privacy policy (http://www.youtube.com/t/privacy) for information about the purpose and extent of data collection and use by Google, as well as your rights and setting options for your protection as a YouTube customer.
15. Google Maps
Our website uses the Google Maps service offered by Google Inc. Visit https://www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html to find out which data of yours this service processes.
16. Links to other websites
Our Internet presence includes links to other websites. We have no influence on whether the operators of other websites comply with the data protection regulations.
As a provider, we are responsible for our own content in accordance with the general legislation. Our own content is distinct from links to content provided by other providers. We do not assume responsibility for external content provided for use through links, nor do we endorse such content.
The provider of the external site linked has sole liability for illegal, inaccurate or incomplete content, and in particular for damages that result from use or failure to use the information presented there.
If legal violations are found, we will immediately remove the links in question.
17. Your rights to your personal data
According to the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to information free of charge about your stored personal data, as well as the right to correct, restrict, or delete that data as applicable, at any time. In cases where we are required to observe legal retention periods, we will restrict your data from further processing instead of deleting it, so that it can no longer be used for the aforementioned purposes.
You still have the right to receive your stored personal data from us in electronic form. You can revoke your consent to storage and processing of your stored data at any time. In this case, we will immediately delete your stored data or restrict its processing if legal requirements prohibit us from deleting it.
If you need to contact us about this subject, please use the contact details below. If you believe that LEWA GmbH is not processing your data in accordance with the applicable data protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority of your choice.
18. Data security
We use technical and organizational means to secure our website and other systems against the loss, destruction, access, change, or distribution of your data by unauthorized persons. The security measures are continuously improved in keeping with technological developments. Access to your customer account is only possible after entering your personal password. You should always handle your access information confidentially and close the browser window when you have ended communication with us, particularly if you are sharing use of the computer with others.
19. Additional information and contact details
If you have additional questions about data privacy, please contact us.
For questions about the collection, processing, or use of your personal data, or for notification, correction, blocking/restriction, or deletion of data, or to revoke previously granted authorization, please contact:
LEWA GmbH Ulmer Str. 10 71229 Leonberg, Germany Phone: +49 7152 14-0 E-mail: dsm@lewa.de
Data protection officer
datenschutz@lewa.de
Get updates
Subscribe to our newsletter!
Get LEWA insights on products, applications and the business of metering fluids. Subscribe now for free.
Your Email Address
Subscribe
Social Media
©2020 LEWA GmbH  Terms & Conditions Privacy Imprint
search
Search
contact_phone
LEWA GmbH
Ulmer Str. 10
71229 Leonberg
Telephone: +49 7152-14-0
// Contact Form
explore
Find the right product series quickly and easily in our pump navigator.
Open the pump navigator
Stay informed - Get an insight into LEWA products, applications and learn more about liquid metering. Subscribe to our newsletter!
Your Email Address
Subscribe
play_circle_filled