http://www.exegon.com/quality-policy
Home
Products
Applications
Specialist Chargers
About Exegon
Contact us
Home / Quality Policy
It is the policy of Exegon to maintain a quality system designed to meet the requirements of ISO 9001:2015 in pursuit of its primary objectives, the purpose and the context of the organisation.
It is the policy of Exegon to:
Strive to satisfy the requirements of all of our customers, stakeholders and interested parties whenever possible, meeting and exceeding their expectations;Comply with all legal requirements, codes of practice and all other requirements applicable to our activities;The reduction of hazards, prevention of injury, ill health and pollution;Provide all the resources of equipment, trained and competent staff and any other requirements to enable these objective to be met;Ensure that all employees are made aware of their individual obligations in respect of this quality policy;Maintain a management system that will achieve these objective and seek continual improvement in the effectiveness and performance of our management system based on “risk”.
This quality policy provides a framework for setting, monitoringm reviewing and achieving our objectives, programmes and targets.
Customer service is an essential part of the quality process and to ensure this is fulfilled, all employees recieve training to ensure awareness and understading of qualiy and its impact on customer service.
To ensure the company maintains it awareness for continuous improvement, the quality system is regularly reviewed by the management team to ensure it remains appropriate and suitable to our business. The quality syste is subject to both internal and external annual audits.
Marcus Batty
Managing Director
26/06/2020
Back to top
Exegon.com uses cookies, see more in our Privacy and Cookie policy page
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Settings