http://www.indtrk.org/privacy-policy
Contact
Resources
Training
About
Become a Member
Member Login
ITA Member Login
Forgotten Password?
User Name:
Password:
Not a Member? Here’s how to join:
Click to learn more about becoming a member.
NOTE: If you're not a manufacturer or you don't represent one, we’re sorry, but you are not eligible to join ITA.
Members
About Members
Associate Members
Regular Members
Regular Member Products
Market Intelligence
OSHA & Education
Engineering & Standards
Newsroom
National Forklift Safety Day
Privacy Policy
The Industrial Truck Association (“ITA”) respects the privacy of its Members and visitors to the ITA website. ITA does not sell, share, or otherwise disclose e-mail addresses or other personal information of persons who visit and/or download information from the ITA website to third parties, unless required by law.
ITA uses “session cookies” in order to control access to certain areas of the ITA website. These session cookies are not used for any other purpose. A session cookie is a line of text that is stored temporarily in the random access memory (RAM) of the user’s computer. The session cookie is deleted from RAM when the computer’s Internet browser is closed. ITA does not use session cookies or any other means to review or analyze any individual usage of the ITA website, nor does ITA aggregate any usage data.
Except for certain limited registration information that eligible users voluntarily and explicitly submit in order to obtain a username and password from ITA. ITA does not collect identification or other personal information from persons who browse the ITA website.
The ITA website provides links to other websites. ITA has not participated in developing the content of those other sites or their privacy policies, and does not exert any editorial or other control of those sites.
Quick Links
Members
About
Resources
ITA Members ITA’s membership is comprised of industry manufacturers of lift trucks, tow tractors, rough terrain vehicles, hand-pallet trucks and automated guided vehicles throughout the U.S., Canada and Mexico. In fact, ITA represents 90 percent of the forklift manufacturers in the United States and Canada. Suppliers of component parts and accessories may also join as associate members. Read More
Find a Regular Member
Find an Associate Member
QUICK LINKS
Welcome
Our Members
Engineering & Standards
Market Intelligence
Training
Resources
OSHA
Blog
Events
Contact
©2020 Industrial Truck Association
1750 K Street NW, Suite 460
Washington, DC 20006
Marketing or Statistical Inquiries
Name *
Email*
Company *
Phone
Questions or Comments
Legal Information
|
Privacy Policy
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close