http://www.bdiusa.com/privacy-policy
Pin-Premier
Created using Figma
Pin
Created using Figma
Skip to Content
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
At BDI, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is a summary of what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit BDIUSA.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell or transfer your personal information to third parties. We make this notice easy to find via a link at the bottom of all pages of the site.
The Information We Collect:
Forms
On some pages, you can contact us for Customer Service support or register your BDI products. The types of personal information collected on these pages are:
Name  Email address
Phone number
Log Files, Cookies and Web Beacons
As with most websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. These files can include your ISP (internet service provider, such as Verizon), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Chrome or Safari), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. We also use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once during your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features.Cookie information may be stored for up to 26 months. You can delete cookies or disable them by visiting your browser settings.
The Way We Use Information
The information that we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your request, and for the purposes of completing that request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the request.To improve customer service and your experience on our website. We continually strive to improve our website, based upon the information and feedback we receive from you. This may include a customer service survey or quality assurance feedback request.To send periodic emails, including updates on new and existing products, and any additional information that you might find valuable. Please note that if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.To administer or promote a contest, giveaway, sales event, or survey.You can also register on our website if you would like to receive additional information and updates on our new products and services. Email addresses are not used for any other purpose and are never shared with outside parties.We use log files, cookies and other non-identifying and aggregate information to improve our website design. For example, we can tell that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website and might use that information to gauge interest in a product, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Note: We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Any information collected will only be used for the purposes listed above.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access or correct any your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us at customerservice@bdiusa.com. We will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please email us at customerservice@bdiusa.com or visit the Contact Us page.