http://www.darice.com/home/legalinfo
Crafting creativity since 1954
Register
Log In
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Darice Inc. Legal Notice
©2016 Darice Inc.
13000 Darice Parkway
Park 82
Strongsville, Ohio 44149
(1-800-321-1494)
This Legal Notice applies to all material available throughout this internet site (this “Site”).
Your use of this Site constitutes your acceptance to each of the terms and conditions set forth in this Disclaimer.
Intellectual Property.
Unless otherwise noted, product names, designs, logos, titles, text, images, audio and video within this Site are the trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, copyrights or other intellectual property (collectively, “Intellectual Property”) of Darice Inc., and its subsidiary and affiliate companies (collectively “Darice”). All other unregistered and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained within this Site grants, should be construed as granting, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Darice Intellectual Property displayed within this Site without Darice’s prior written permission in each instance.
Use of this Site.
Darice maintains this Site for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication.
Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site only for non-commercial, personal use, provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of this Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and video without Darice’s prior written permission in each instance. Changes periodically are made to the information contained in this Site.
No Warranties; Limitation of Liability.
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “WITH ALL FAULTS” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHERWISE.
Darice assumes no responsibility for, and shall not be liable for any damage to, or any virus, mal-ware or other computer code that may infect, your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in this Site or any linked sites, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Site or any linked sites. Your use of this Site is at your own risk.
In no event shall Darice or any other party involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering this Site, or any of their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents (collectively, “Released Parties”), be liable for damages of any kind whatsoever including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, exemplary, incidental, consequential, punitive, special or other types of damages, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with your access to, use of, or browsing in this Site or any linked sites, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Site or any linked sites.
Darice does not warrant that your use of materials displayed on this Site will not infringe rights of others not associated with Darice.
By your access to, use of, or browsing in this Site, you release Darice and the other Released Parties, and agree to indemnify and hold it and them harmless from and against, any and all claims, demands, losses, actions, suits, proceedings or other liability arising out of or in any manner relating to your access to, use of, or browsing in this Site or any linked sites, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Site or any linked sites including, without limitation, its and their attorneys fees and costs of defense.
Unaffiliated Products and Sites.
Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or sites not owned by Darice do not imply endorsement of that product, publication or site. Darice has not reviewed all material linked to this Site and is not responsible for the content of any such material. Your linking to any other sites is at your own risk.
Communications with this Site.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Darice will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Darice to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any such information or materials.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit may be edited by or on behalf of Darice, may or may not be posted to this Site at the sole discretion of Darice, and may be used by Darice for any purpose, including, without limitation, reproduction, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Further, Darice is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
United States Governing Law.
This Site was developed in the United States of America in accordance with and shall be governed by, and your use of or browsing in this Site shall be deemed acceptance of, the above terms and conditions, and the internal laws of the State of Ohio, United States of America, without regard to any conflicts of law principles. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Site may be viewed internationally and may contain references to products or services not available in all countries. References to a particular product or service do not imply that Darice intends to make such products or services available in such countries.
Darice controls and operates this Site from its headquarters in Strongsville, Ohio, United States of America. Darice makes no representation that these materials are appropriate for use in other locations.
Should any provision of this Disclaimer be declared void or unenforceable, such provision shall be deemed severed and the remainder of this Disclaimer shall continue in full force and effect to the extent permitted by law.
In the event that applicable laws are hereinafter changed making this Disclaimer void, voidable, or otherwise unenforceable, this Disclaimer shall be deemed reformed to the extent necessary to bring this Disclaimer into conformity with such laws.
Privacy Statement
Darice Inc. Privacy Policy
©2016 Darice Inc.
13000 Darice Parkway
Park 82
Strongsville, Ohio 44149
(1-800-321-1494)
Darice Inc. (“Darice”) is sensitive to your rights of privacy on the Internet. We believe it is important that you know what information we collect on our websites and how the information is used.
In general, you can visit and browse any Darice website without telling us who you are or reveal any information about yourself. Our hosting servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of the visitors. None of the information collected identifies you personally. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. Darice uses this information to measure the use of the site and to improve its contents.
On certain pages such as the “Feedback”, “Request Information” or “Apply for an account” pages, you may voluntarily provide us with your e-mail address, state and answer survey questions relating to your design and crafting activities. We will use this information to improve our products and services. We may also use it to see how this website is being used and/or to adjust this website to your personal preferences. Additionally, we may further use this information to send to you materials and information such as new product announcements or other information that we feel may be of use or value to you.
If you do not want to receive further communications from us via e-mail, please contact our customer service department.
We are committed to respecting your privacy.
Darice may share the information collected at this website with its subsidiaries and affiliates for use as described above. Darice will not share any of this information with third parties except marketing companies engaged by Darice to conduct marketing campaigns or promotions under the control and direction of Darice.
Darice reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time. Such modifications will be effective on the date that we post the modified policy on our websites and your continued use of this website after that date shall constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those modifications.
Please see our Legal Disclaimer for more information. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or about this website in general, please contact us at your convenience.
An error occurred during submission. Please try again.
Ok
×
Sign Up
for Darice Emails
Sign Up for Darice Emails
Sign Up for Darice Emails
Get exclusives on craft trends, promotions, newly added Darice products and much more!
Thank you for subscribing. Don’t forget to check your email for an exclusive discount off your next purchase.
SALE
NEW
{{product_name}}
Did You Mean:
{{word}}
Product Types
{{product_type_displayname}}
Categories
{{category_name_displayname}}
Brands
{{brand}}
21
XS
SM
MD
LG
XL