http://www.burtonandburton.com/customer-service/security-and-privacy.aspx
Top
Click Here To Register or Login
Customer Service
Help/FAQs
Contact Us
Shipping Information
Returns
Request A Catalog
Custom Imprinting
See Our Catalogs
Tax Forms
Ballooniversity 2022
2020 Trade Shows
Monogram Form
Image Use Request Form
Español
Holiday List
Security & Privacy
Your privacy is extremely important to us. burton + BURTON™ created this web site Privacy Policy to assure our visitors and valued customers that any information obtained from this web site will not be shared nor distributed to anyone outside of burton + BURTON™.
The Information We Collect Business information such as your business name, contact name, mailing address, email address, and phone numbers must be collected to fulfill your orders. This information may also be used to send you information about our company, products, and services. If you communicate with us via email or complete any online forms, that information may also be collected as business information.
Financial information such as your credit card number will be collected to complete your on-line transaction.
Technical information such as your IP address and type of web browser may be collected when you visit our site. This information is anonymous and does not personally identify you but is helpful for improving the site for all users.
When you visit our site, a "cookie" or small file may be placed on your computer to enable certain web site features.
Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information All information submitted to us will be kept private and will NEVER be shared or distributed to anyone outside of burton + BURTON™.
All information is stored on secure servers that are not accessible to unauthorized individuals. State-of-the-art firewalls and other security products and procedures protect these servers. Sensitive information such as credit card numbers are encrypted before being transmitted.
The Username and password combination that you use to sign on to our web site should be closely guarded. You share in the responsibility to make your online account secure.
Our web site contains links to other web sites.We are not to be held responsible for any privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
On January 1, 2020, California enacted a statute called the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).  Under the CCPA, consumers who reside in California have the right to obtain copies of and/or demand deletion of their collected information.  For consumers placing orders, burton + BURTON only collects the information voluntarily given to us that is necessary for the complete fulfilment of the orders which the consumer instructed us to ship to them.  Outside of the order fulfilment, burton + BURTON™ does not use this information – unless a consumer has indicated a desire to receive promotional emails from us.  burton + BURTON™ will never share consumer information, unless required by law, or sell it to any third party.
Changes to Security & Privacy Policy We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such changes on our web site. Any changes, updates, or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting to our web site.
Back to Top
Let us customize your shopping experience!
Tell us a little about yourself.
Thanks! We’re happy you’re shopping with us today.
With over 15,000 products online, creating an account and a wish list is the best way to shop our site. And luckily creating an account is quick and easy. (1 step only - we promise!)
Let's Go!
Welcome! Want to save money on your shopping trip today?
Apply for a wholesale account and receive these great benefits:
* Access to Wholesale Pricing * 5% Off Your First OrderCreating a wholesale account is quick and easy. (3 steps only - we promise!)
Let's Go