http://www.smartline.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Personal Mortgage Brokers Australia
Skip to content
We value your privacy
Smartline recognises the importance of protecting your personal information.  It’s also imperative that you understand how we protect your privacy, as well as how, when and where we may use your personal information. You can be confident in the fact that we abide by and are bound by the Australian Privacy Principles set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). This Privacy Policy covers the Smartline Group which comprises Smartline Home Loans Pty Ltd (ABN 38 085 370 270) (Smartline), its subsidiaries and its network of franchise consultants. Smartline is a subsidiary of REA Group Ltd (REA Group). You can find the REA Group Privacy Policy here.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information.  Personal information means information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information or opinion is true or not and whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not.
The kinds of personal information we may collect about you include your name, date of birth, address, account details, occupation, and any other information we made need to identify you.
If you are applying for finance we may also collect the ages and number of your dependents and cohabitants, the length of time at your current address, your employment details and proof of earnings and expenses. If you apply for any insurance product through us we may also collect sensitive information, such as your health information. Sensitive information is a sub-set of personal information. We will only collect health information from you with your consent.
The personal information we collect about you may also include credit information.
Credit information is information which is used to assess your eligibility to be provided with finance and may include any finance that you have outstanding, your repayment history in respect of those loans, and any defaults. Usually, credit information is exchanged between credit and finance providers and credit reporting bodies. We may also collect other information about you including, but not limited to, data relating to your activity on the Smartline website and REA Group websites (including IP addresses) via tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons and measurement software or data relating to survey responses.
You acknowledge that the personal information you provide us and which we collect from you, is your own information or information which you have been authorised to provide us.
How do we collect your personal information?
Where reasonable and practical we will collect your personal information directly from you, like from enquiries we make of you when you seek credit assistance from us. Sometimes, where reasonably necessary, we may also collect your personal information from finance brokers and other people such as accountants and lawyers, who are referred to in your responses to our enquiries, or we may need to request a credit report from a credit reporting body when you apply for a credit facility. We may also collect your personal information through third parties who undertake the collection on our behalf.
Why do we collect your personal information?
We collect, use, hold and exchange your information for purposes including:
giving you credit assistance;
giving you information about loan products or related services and products including help, guidance and advice;
considering whether you are eligible for a loan or lease or any related service you requested including identifying or verifying you;
assisting you to prepare an application for a lease or a loan;
administering services we provide, for example, to answer requests or deal with complaints;
administering payments we receive, or any payments we make, relating to your loan or lease;
telling you via direct marketing services about other products or services we make available and that may be of interest to you, unless you tell us not to;
identifying opportunities to improve our service to you and improving our service to you;
telling you about other suppliers, with whom we have arrangements, that supply goods or services that may be of interest to you;
preventing or investigating any fraud or crime or any suspected fraud or crime;
ensuring your security when visiting our website and to learn which areas of the site are of most interest to you (see the section ‘Cookies and Web Beacons’ below);
as required by law, regulation or codes binding us;
any purpose related to the above; and
any purpose to which you have consented.
You can let us know at any time if you no longer wish to receive direct marketing offers from us by emailing us at unsubscribe@smartline.com.au or by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ on any of the marketing communications we send you. We will process your request as soon as practicable.
Why do we share your information?
We may need to disclose your personal information in order to offer you the products and services you have requested or any related products or services we reasonably think you may be interested in. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to disclose information about you.
We may disclose your personal information:
to prospective funders or other intermediaries in relation to your finance requirements;
to other organisations that are involved in managing or administering your finance such as third party suppliers, printing and postal services, call centres;
to companies that provide information and infrastructure systems to us;
to anybody who represents you, such as finance brokers, lawyers and accountants;
to anyone, where you have provided us consent;
where we are required to do so by law, such as under Anti-Money Laundering Laws;
to investors, agents or advisers, or any entity that has an interest in our business; or
to your employer, referees or identity verification services.
Prior to disclosing any of your personal information to another person or organisation, we will take all reasonable steps to satisfy ourselves that:
(a) the person or organisation has a commitment to protecting your personal information at least equal to our commitment; or
(b) you have consented to us making the disclosure.
We may use cloud storage to store the personal information we hold about you. The cloud storage and the IT servers may be located in Australia or in the data centres of our outsourced data processors with data centres in Australia, the United States of America, Europe and Asia.  We transfer data outside of Australia to our service providers in order to obtain secure storage, back-up and data retrieval services and to provide services.  We may also disclose your information to our offshore support team to help with processing your loan application or conducting annual file reviews. We have implemented policies and procedures to safeguard the secure storage and processing of data with our related companies and have verified the security arrangements of our outsourced data processors and service providers.  When you provide us with your personal information you give us your consent to store your personal information outside of Australia for the purposes described above.
Where we have obtained your consent to do so, we may also share your personal information with our service providers and other third parties located outside Australia so that they can provide you with any products or services requested by you, including contacting you in relation to the products or services.  As these entities are located outside of Australia, they are not required to comply with the Privacy Act and you will not be able to seek any redress under the Privacy Act in connection with the use of your information.
Access to and correction of your personal information
We will endeavor to take all reasonable steps to keep accurate and up to date, any information which we hold about you.  If, at any time, you discover that information held about you is incorrect or you would like to review and confirm the accuracy of your personal information, you can contact us at privacyofficer@rea-group.com.
You can also gain access to the personal information we hold about you, subject to certain exceptions provided by law.  To request access to your personal information, please contact us at privacyofficer@rea-group.com.
Business without identifying you
In most circumstances it will be necessary for us to identify you in order to successfully do business with you, however, where it is lawful and practicable to do so, we will offer you the opportunity of doing business with us without providing us with personal information, for example, if you make general inquiries about interest rates or current promotional offers.
Complaints
We are committed to providing you with a fair and responsible system for the handling of complaints.
If at any time you have any concerns, complaints or questions in relation to your privacy or the operation of Smartline, please contact our privacy officer at privacyofficer@rea-group.com so that we may resolve your concerns.
Our privacy officer will consider your query and endeavor to respond to you promptly.
For more information about privacy issues in Australia and protecting your privacy, visit the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner’s website.
Further information
You may request further information about the way we manage your personal information by contacting us.
Change in our privacy policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are updated on any changes.
You may request this privacy policy in an alternative form.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies, web beacons and measurement software and tools on the Smartline website and REA Group websites and so do our service providers and third parties such as our analytics, advertising or ad serving partners. We use and disclose the information collected through the use of cookies, web beacons and measurement software and tools in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This includes using the information to report statistics, analyse trends, administer our services, diagnose problems and target and improve the quality of our products and services. We may allow other third parties to use their own cookies and web beacons to collect information about your visits to the Smartline website and REA Group websites.
We may combine our cookies, information collected through the cookies and web beacons on the Smartline website and REA Group websites with other information (including information collected by third parties using their own cookies and web beacons and providing our cookies and information to third parties) and use analytics services such as Firebase Analytics – to provide better or more relevant services and advertising to you on the Smartline website, the REA Group websites and third party websites. Our service providers and other third parties may do the same in order to provide more relevant services and advertising to you through other websites that you may visit.
Cookie Choices
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, web beacons or measurement software and tools, you may be able to delete or reject Cookies or some of the measurement software features through your browser or the settings section of your mobile or tablet device. Disabling these features may cause some of the functions on the Smartline website and REA Group websites, or products and services not to work properly.
To learn more about how we use Cookies and similar technologies, and how you can manage your preferences, visit REA Group’s Cookie Policy.
Last updated February 2020.
Talk to a Smartline Adviser today
Request callback
About Smartline
How we help you
Calculators
Client reviews
Latest news
Smartline report
Talk to an Adviser
Home loans
Investment loans
Refinance loans
Commercial & business
Asset finance
Smartline Select™
Car finance
Mortgage broker directory
Mortgage Brokers Sydney
Mortgage Brokers Melbourne
Mortgage Brokers Perth
Mortgage Brokers Brisbane
Mortgage Brokers Adelaide
Mortgage Brokers Darwin
Mortgage Brokers Canberra
Mortgage Brokers Tasmania
Request a callback
×
Find an Adviser near you
×
or