http://www.sharis.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Top Bar
TOP BAR
Menu
Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner
Pies & Dessert
Specials
Locations
Rewards
Order
Login
Privacy Policy
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO YOU GATHER?
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses this website.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from us if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, you can unsubscribe at any time.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
WHAT ABOUT COOKIES?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as a shopping cart.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the Website of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of www.sharis.com’s essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any www.sharis.com products and services that require you to Sign in.
DO YOU SHARE THE INFORMATION YOU GATHER?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Shari’s Management Corporation, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
HOW SECURE IS INFORMATION ABOUT ME?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We do not reveal your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
WHAT ABOUT THIRD-PARTIES AND EXTERNAL WEBSITES?
You may be able to access third party web sites through links available on this Site. You understand and agree that your use of such third party sites, including other Shari’s Management Corporation sites, will be governed by the privacy policies of those sites and not by this Privacy Statement.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of other features. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, you can unsubscribe at any time.
ARE CHILDREN ALLOWED TO USE YOUR WEBSITE?
We do not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact us.
LEGAL
GENERAL USE RESTRICTIONS
All information, documents, products and services, trademarks, logos, graphics, and images (“Materials”) provided on this site are copyrighted or trademarked and are the property of Shari’s Management Corporation. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on the site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and communications statutes.
Shari’s Management Corporation grants you the limited right to display the Materials only on your personal computer for your personal use. You agree not to use the materials for any other purpose without the prior written consent of Shari’s Management Corporation. Without limitation, you agree not to reproduce, re-distribute, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate any information contained in the materials to anyone, including others in the same company or organization. You may not post content from this site to news groups, mail lists, or bulletin boards. You acknowledge and agree that, except as set forth herein, you have no right to modify, edit, alter or enhance any of the materials in any manner. This limited license terminates automatically, without notice to you, if you breach any of these terms. Upon termination you agree to immediately destroy any printed or downloaded materials.
You agree not to “frame” or “mirror” any materials or third-party content contained on this site on any other server or internet based device without the advanced written permission of Shari’s Management Corporation or its licensors, respectively. This site may be linked to other sites on the World Wide Web or Internet which are not under the control of or maintained by Shari’s Management Corporation. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Shari’s Management Corporation. You acknowledge that Shari’s Management Corporation is providing these links to you only as a convenience.
Certain areas of this site are password restricted to authorized users (“Restricted Areas”) If you are an authorized user of the Restricted Areas, you agree that you are entirely responsible for the confidentiality of your password and account information, and agree to notify Shari’s Management Corporation immediately if your password is lost, stolen, disclosed to an unauthorized third party, or other wise may have been compromised. You agree that you are entirely responsible for any and all activities which occur under your account, including any fees which may be incurred under your password protected account whether or not you are the individual who undertakes such activities. You agree to immediately notify Shari’s Management Corporation of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security in relation thereof known to you.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, SHARI’S RESTAURANTS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY CLAIMING THROUGH YOU FOR ANY DAMAGE SUFFERED AS A RESULT OF YOUR DISPLAYING, COPYING OR DOWNLOADING INFORMATION OR MATERIAL CONTAINED ON THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHARI’S MANAGEMENT CORPORATION BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, EXTRAORDINARY, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA, REVENUE, PROFITS OR OTHER ECONOMIC ADVANTAGE) HOWEVER ARISING, WHETHER FOR BREACH OR IN TORT EVEN IF SHARI’S RESTAURANTS HAS PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH POSSIBLE DAMAGE.
LOCAL LAWS
Shari’s Management Corporation controls and operates this site from its headquarters in the United States of America. If you use this site from outside the United States of America, you are entirely responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
VIOLATION OF TERMS OF THIS SITE
If you violate the terms of this site, Shari’s Management Corporation reserves the right to terminate service to you without further notice or explanation. Shari’s Management Corporation’s preferred course of action is to advise you of your inappropriate behavior and advise you of any corrective action. You agree that Shari’s Management Corporation and its licensors may make improvements and/or changes in the services and prices described in this site, if any, at any time without notice, and further agree that Shari’s Management Corporation can revise these Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting. Your continued use of the site after such modifications have been made constitutes your acceptance of such revised Terms.
Any action related to these Terms will be governed by Oregon Law and controlling U.S. Law without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction. You agree to the jurisdiction of the courts located in Washington County, Oregon for the resolution of all disputes arising from or related to these Terms and/or your use of the site. The failure of Shari’s Management Corporation to enforce any right or provision in these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Shari’s Management Corporation in writing. The Terms comprises the entire agreement between you and Shari’s Management Corporation and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, discussions or agreements, if any, between the parties regarding the subject matter contained herein. Your use of the Site, however, is subject to the additional disclaimers and caveats that may appear throughout the site.
TRADEMARKS
“Shari’s Management Corporation” and “www.sharis.com” are trademarks of Shari’s Restaurants in the United States and other countries. Unauthorized use or duplication of these marks is strictly prohibited by law.
About Us
Founded in 1978, Shari's is the largest family-style
brand in the Pacific Northwest. We’re famous for
our fresh Northwest comfort food, welcoming
service, and grand selection of award-winning pies!
9400 SW Gemini Drive
Beaverton, OR 97008
503.605.4299
800.433.5334
Info
GIFT CARDS
COMMUNITY
CAREERS
ACCESSIBILITY
CONTACT US
NEWS AND PRESS
PRIVACY POLICY
LEGAL
SHARI'S REWARDS TERMS & CONDITIONS
Join the Rewards Club
Start Earning Today! Earn points for every
dollar you spend. 100 points = $5 reward.
JOIN NOW
Connect