http://www.angloamerican.co.uk/site-services/cookie-policy
.
skip to main content
Project history
Read more
our-community
Read more
Search Close
Main Content
Cookie Policy
Home
Site services
Cookie policy
SHARE
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
SHARE
Cookie policy
This website uses cookies. Further information about these cookies is set out below.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. The cookies used on this website have been categorised as follows.
Strictly necessary cookies
Some of the cookies on this website are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website.
Third party cookies
This website also allows third parties to download cookies to your device.
When you use the social media sharing tools, like Facebook, Twitter or YouTube, through this website, the relevant third party websites also set a range of performance and other cookies onto your device.
Further information about these cookies is available from:
Visit Facebook's privacy policy at http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/
Visit Twitter's privacy policy at http://twitter.com/privacy
Visit YouTube's privacy policy at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/policies/privacy/
How we use cookies
We use cookies for a number of different purposes. Some cookies are necessary for technical reasons; some enable a personalized experience for both visitors and registered users; and some allow analytics cookies such as google. Some of these cookies may be set when a page is loaded, or when a visitor takes a particular action.
For more information on the choices you have about the cookies we use, please see the How to ‘Control and Delete cookies’ section.
Cookies table
This table summarises the cookies which may be set on your machine or other device when it is used.
How to Control and Delete Cookies?
We will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, should you choose to disable, reject or block our cookies, some parts of our websites will not function fully, or in some cases, our website will not be accessible at all.
For more information on how to control your cookie settings and browser settings, or how to delete cookies on your hard drive, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
How do I change my cookie settings?
You can control which types of cookie are set by changing your preferences through our cookie banner when you first visit our website or at any time by using the preference table below:
Cookie TypeSet Preference
Necessary CookiesOnThese cannot be disabled as they are required for the website to work
Cookies can also be controlled by your web browser settings. Whether our cookies are used will depend on your browser settings, so you are in control. You can choose not to accept any cookies, or accept only certain cookies, or to be prompted before a cookie is saved to your hard drive, or to only accept cookies from certain websites that you designate. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please use the following links:
Internet Explorer cookies information
Chrome cookies information
Firefox cookies information
Safari cookies information
Please be aware that by blocking all cookies you may not be able to access or use all the features of our website and you will not receive a personalized service.