https://www.greengridroofs.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (“Policy“) describes how Weston Solutions (“Weston Solutions“, “we“, “us” or “our“) handles the information collected from you (“User“, “you” or “your“) and your device when you visit the greengridroofs.com website or use any of its features or services (collectively, “Website“). This Policy does not apply to information collected offline or to websites and other online services that do not link to this Policy.  This Policy also does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.
Information Collection
We receive and store information in a few different ways, including when you give it to us and when generated automatically by your use of our Website. The information we collect may include information that can reasonably be used to identify or contact you or a particular device (we refer to this as “personal information“) and technical information regarding the use of our Website.
You can generally visit our Website without submitting any personal information. However, to use certain Website features (such as to submit an inquiry via the Website ‘Contact’ form), you need to give us certain information voluntarily. This information may include your email address, name, and any other information you include with your submission.
Like any other website or internet service, we also collect certain technical information that your browser sends automatically when you visit the Website. This data may include information such as your device’s IP address, browser type and version, operating system type and version, language preferences or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Website, pages of our Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Website, access times and dates, and other statistics.
Use and Sharing of Information
We use the information you give to us to respond to your inquiry or otherwise provide you with the information, products, or services requested.  We may also use the information we collect on our website to personalize your experience; improve and secure our Website; improve customer service; send notification emails such as password reminders, updates, etc.; run and operate our Website; and respond to governmental requests and as required by applicable law, court order, and governmental regulations.
We may disclose your information to third parties who provide us with various business services (e.g., monitoring and maintaining our Website or internal business applications, preparing newsletters and mailings).  We may also share your information with our affiliates (e.g., for internal administrative purposes) or if required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. In the event we go through a business transition, such as a merger or acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your user account, and personal information will likely be among the assets transferred.
Links to Other Websites
Our Website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites or third parties. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that may collect personal information.
Information Security
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of information in our control and custody. However, no data transmission over the Internet or wireless network can be guaranteed. Therefore, while we strive to protect your information, you acknowledge that (i) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (ii) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and our Website cannot be guaranteed; and (iii) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite best efforts.
Policy Changes
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, effective upon posting of an updated version of this Policy on the Website. When we do we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. Continued use of the Website after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this statement or our handling of personal information please contact us by e-mail at info@westonsolutions.com.
CVs/Resumes sent to this inbox will not be accepted. If you want to apply for a job, visit the Weston Solutions Careers site.