http://www.hda.org/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Healthcare Distribution Alliance – Patients Move Us.
Share
Print
Home |
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
The Healthcare Distribution Alliance (HDA) values your privacy. If you visit our website or we provide you with our services, we may request you to provide information that includes your personal data.
HDA is committed to maintaining the privacy of personally identifiable information (which includes information such as name, credit card number, phone number, address and email address) that you provide to us. This privacy notice describes how we treat the information we receive when you share personally identifiable information with us. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update this information.
This Privacy Statement is subject to change from time to time. We will publish the most recent version of the Privacy Statement on our website. If you have questions or complaints regarding this privacy notice, or our practices, please contact us at privacy@hda.org.
Privacy Principles
HDA follows the following principles in order to protect your privacy:
• We do not collect any more personally identifiable information about you than is necessary.
• We only use your personally identifiable information for the purposes we specify in this privacy notice, unless you agree otherwise;
• We do not keep your personally identifiable information if it is no longer needed;
• Other than as specified in this privacy notice, we do not share your personally identifiable information with third parties
How We Use Your Information
Our processing activities are dedicated to our overall mission as a nonprofit membership organization. These activities may include:
3.1   Providing membership benefits to HDA members
Companies may apply for membership in HDA. Within the membership relationship, which establishes a contract between parties, HDA keeps its member companies and individuals from those companies updated on industry developments.
The processing activities that HDA undertakes to that effect include: sending newsletters and other publications; providing access to the content on the HDA website; offering the opportunity to publish contact details within the HDA network to connect with other professionals; offering invitations to educational and industry events by email; and collecting industry data and information and sharing the results.
The personal data that we (may) process in this regard are names, addresses (physical and email), country of residence, photos, phone numbers, gender, job titles, bank account and credit card information, and other voluntarily provided details.
3.2   Organizing conferences and meetings
We organize conferences and meetings to provide educational, networking and business opportunities.
The processing activities that HDA undertakes for this purpose include collecting personal information of registrants and attendees; recording their registration; collecting payments from them; keeping them updated on event details by email and through mobile applications; including them on a participants list; offering them the opportunity to register as an HDA member or nonmember; and providing them with HDA newsletters and notifications of future events.
HDA also assists in planning meetings between individuals from its member companies.
The personal data that we (may) process in this regard are names, addresses (physical and email), country of residence, photos, phone numbers, gender, job titles, bank account and credit card information, and other voluntarily provided details.
3.3   Processing your transactions, including, as applicable, customer service, order confirmation, billing, delivering products or services, and otherwise fulfilling our obligations to you.
3.4   Informing website visitors of information on the industry and the activities of HDA.
3.5   Responding to your requests or inquiries.
3.6   Fulfilling any other purpose for which you provide your personally identifiable information to us
3.7   In accordance with its mission, information specific to members may be offered in restricted areas of the website.
Your Rights
You have the right to request a copy of any personally identifiable information that we hold about you.  If you would like a copy of your personally identifiable information, please contact us using the contact information below. If you discover that the information we hold about you is incorrect or out of date, you may ask us to correct that information.
You may ask us to delete the personal data we hold about you in certain circumstances. It may not be possible for us to delete all of the information we hold about you where we  are fulfilling a transaction or have a legal basis to retain the information, however, please contact us to discuss how we can assist you with your request.
When we process your information on the basis that you have consented to such processing, you have the right to withdraw your consent, or ask us to stop or restrict processing the personally identifiable information we have about you.
You may also ask us to transfer your personally identifiable information to a third party in certain circumstances.
Please direct any questions, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, to privacy@hda.org.
We will retain your information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, or as otherwise required to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
If you receive marketing emails from us you can unsubscribe to our emails by clicking "unsubscribe" within each email. You may not opt-out of service-related communications, which are not promotional in nature.
Vendors/Affiliated Businesses/Service Providers
We may share your personally identifiable information with the HDA Research Foundation, HDA’s research partner, and with the vendors whose products we use to provide HDA’s products and services.
We use third party service providers to assist us in providing our services, including database backup providers to protect our data, conference registration vendors and credit card processing vendors. We may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf for your benefit. All service providers are authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide their respective services to us and are obligated to protect your personally identifiable information.
Legal Process
We may disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, investigate fraud or respond to a government request.
Effective May 25, 2018
Privacy | Antitrust | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Contact
© 2020 Healthcare Distribution Alliance. All rights reserved.
HDA: E | C | C2 | NF | O365