https://www.celebritytalent.net/about/privacy-policy.php
Company HistoryWhy Book with CTIOur ProcessNot Just Booking AgentsReviewsContact UsRequest InformationEmployment Center Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyTerms of ServiceUnsubscribeNotificationsDo Not Sell My Information
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: Dec 31st, 2019
Celebrity Talent International, LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.celebritytalent.net website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from http://www.celebritytalent.net
Definitions
Service
Service is the http://www.celebritytalent.net website operated by Celebrity Talent International, LLC
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about an individual who can be identified from by that data (or from other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). Such data includes Name, Address, Email, Phone, Age, Height, Race, and Gender
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device). You may read our Cookie Policy
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data. Contact info@celebritytalebt.net for any questions related to your data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so ("Location Data"). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
In any case, if you want to manage, deactivate or authorize the cookies, you can use the below links to learn how. Please consult your Device's manual if your browser is not listed here:
Internet Explorer/Edge
Chrome
Safari
Mozilla ("Firefox")
Opera
Use of Data
Celebrity Talent International, LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Celebrity Talent International, LLC legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Celebrity Talent International, LLC may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Celebrity Talent International, LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Celebrity Talent International, LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Celebrity Talent International, LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If Celebrity Talent International, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Celebrity Talent International, LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Celebrity Talent International, LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Celebrity Talent International, LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers / Vendors
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These enities may have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose, such as directly marketing to you.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AddThis
AddThis is a sharing and analytics service that offers code to website publishers for the purpose of allowing social-bookmarking and visitor tracking. It streamlines the ability for users to share a websites's
links, web pages and content across a vast array of other third-party social media websites and services.
For more information on the privacy practices of AddThis and how to opt-out, please visit their Privacy & Data Practices web page: http://www.addthis.com/privacy
Zoho
Zoho is a cloud based CRM.
For more information on the privacy practices of Zoho please visit their Privacy Policy webpage: https://www.zoho.com/privacy.html
Behavioral Remarketing
Celebrity Talent International, LLC may, at times, use marketing services to advertise on third party websites after you visited our Service. Our third-party vendors may use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google Ads
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Your Data Protection Rights Under California Privacy Rights
Please be advised that Celebrity Talent International, LLC never sells or shares any personally identifiable information to any third-party for the purposes of making a profit or deriving other gains based on the sell, transfer, and/or use of such data.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits users who are a California resident to request and obtain from us, once per year and free of charge, personal information (if any) we've disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request or to determine if we have data about you and want it deleted, then please submit your request in writing to us at: info@celebritytalent.net
Your Data Protection Rights Under The "California Consumer Privacy Act (Ccpa)"
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a 2018 bill that enhances privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California
Please be advised that Celebrity Talent International, LLC never sells or shares any personally identifiable information to any third-party for the purposes of making a profit or deriving other gains based on the sell, transfer, and/or use of such data.
If you are a California resident and have questions related to any personal data you may submitted to us and wish for us to determine if we've retained such information and/or request that data to be deleted, please contact us at: info@celebritytalent.net
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Celebrity Talent International, LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Celebrity Talent International, LLC relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You may contact us at: info@celebritytalent.net
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us at info@celebritytalent.net. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: privacy@celebritytalent.net
Talent Library
Get Started
×
Find Talent To Match Your Event
Build a tailored list of talent specific to your needs, from a pool of over 5000 profiles. Select a type of celebrity or act that your event requires, then choose the minimum and maximum budget you have to work with.
Actors
Performers
Speakers
Sports
Budget Min: - - - Select - - -$7,499$7,500$10,000$20,000$30,000$40,000$50,000$60,000$75,000$100,000$150,000$200,000$250,000$350,000$500,000$750,000$1,000,000Budget Max: - - - Select - - -$7,499$10,000$20,000$30,000$40,000$50,000$60,000$75,000$100,000$150,000$200,000$250,000$350,000$500,000$750,000$1,000,000$1,500,000$2,000,000
Go to Next Step >
Budget Min: - - - Select - - -$7,499$7,500$10,000$20,000$30,000$40,000$50,000$60,000$75,000$100,000$150,000$200,000$250,000$350,000$500,000$750,000$1,000,000Budget Max: - - - Select - - -$7,499$10,000$20,000$30,000$40,000$50,000$60,000$75,000$100,000$150,000$200,000$250,000$350,000$500,000$750,000$1,000,000$1,500,000$2,000,000
Go to Next Step >
Budget Min: - - - Select - - -$7,499$7,500$10,000$20,000$30,000$40,000$50,000$60,000$75,000$100,000$150,000$200,000$250,000$350,000$500,000$750,000$1,000,000Budget Max: - - - Select - - -$7,499$10,000$20,000$30,000$40,000$50,000$60,000$75,000$100,000$150,000$200,000$250,000$350,000$500,000$750,000$1,000,000$1,500,000$2,000,000
Go to Next Step >
Reviews
American Cancer Society booked Dwight Yoakam
All was GREAT!! (We) got to spend some time with Dwight in his bus and he was really great to talk to and very generous. He wanted to know if there was anything he could donate to the event and he donated some signs and autographed them. He couldn't have been nicer during the photo op...
Read Our Reviews
Music Acts
CTI can book any music act, from the latest Grammy Award performers to the best Nostalgia performers.
Business Speakers
Add intrinsic value to any corporate event or tradeshow by hiring a celebrity guest speaker.
Sports Figures
We have access to 100's of high profile professional athletes, race car drivers and Olympians.
Motivational Speakers
You want your attendees to remember your event, book a motivational speaker to energize your audience.
Corporate Comedians
Comic relief is an effective tool to get your message across & leaves your event goers with something to remember.
Magicians
Turn an otherwise boring corporate event into something magical. Your event will not disappear from memory.