http://www.fundmojo.com/about/privacy/
Skip to content
Fund Mojo is committed to the responsible management, use, and protection of your personal information on this Web site (the Site). This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we gather, how we use it, with whom we might share it, the means by which we keep it secure, and the choices you have about the information you choose to share with us. Please note that, depending on the area of the Site from which you access or select a particular product or service, you may be required to enter different or additional information to register for, subscribe to, or purchase that product or service. If a separate privacy policy applies to the information you submit in conjunction with that product or service, then that separate privacy policy will be accessible through the page on which you enter the information.
We recognize that the personally identifying information that you enter on the Site (whether your own or that of your clients) is very sensitive, and protecting the privacy of this information is a top priority for us. Any personally identifying information that you enter on the site is kept strictly confidential and not voluntarily shared with any third parties (except as set forth herein).
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?
When you register for, subscribe to, or purchase a product or service on this Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal and/or professional information. This demographic information may include, but not be limited to, your name, street address, phone number, e-mail address, age, gender, any professional designations or licenses that you hold, your credit card number, household income and other, related types of personal information.
We use this personally identifying information (a) to contact you with details about the product or service you registered for, subscribed to, or purchased, (b) to send you information on other Fund Mojo products that may be of interest to you, and (c) to provide you with the products or services you subscribe to or order from us. Except as provided below, it is our policy not to share personal identifiable information that you send us as part of the registration/subscription/use process with anyone outside of Fund Mojo. There are only two limited exceptions to this policy. First, in cases where you check the appropriate opt-in box to receive products, services, or information from third-party advertisers listed on certain pages of the Site, we can forward your contact information (including your phone number and e-mail address) to those advertisers in whose products or services you have indicated an interest. Second, we offer certain well-screened partners the opportunity to share information about products and services that we think might be of interest to you. You may, of course, notify us at any time that you no longer wish to be contacted by Fund Mojo or have your contact information forwarded on to these third-party companies. Please remember, however, that we do not have any control over this information once it has been released to a third party. Subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and applicable law, Fund Mojo retains the right to use and disclose any information provided by you through this Site (including but not limited to information provided through e-mail) or made available through your use of this Web Site, for any lawful purpose. In no event shall you be entitled to any compensation for the use of any of this information.
Please note that, in addition to personally identifying information, Fund Mojo also collects and uses aggregations of demographic and usage information. Fund Mojo may utilize and/or share this information with third parties for a variety of purposes, including, but not limited to, marketing, product development, and Site maintenance. Because this information contains only aggregations of individual inputs, no personally identifying information is made available to any third party as a part of this process.
Is Information Collected by Advertisers?
Advertisers (or the companies that serve up advertisements on their behalf) often track and store certain anonymous information about the users of a site. While Fund Mojo does not control this process or have access to the information gathered by these advertisers/ad servers on the Site or other Fund Mojo Web sites, we did want to make you aware of the practice.
Although different advertisers may collect different information, the information gathered generally includes such things as: (a) the anonymous cookie ID associated with the user’s computer; (b) portions of the user’s Internet Protocol (IP) address that identify the user’s domain name and the general geographical area in which the user is located; (c) the particular ad(s) viewed by the user and the date, time, and duration of that viewing; and (d) whether the user clicked on an ad (or any information within it). This anonymous tracking process is not supposed to reveal the user’s name, phone number, mailing address, e-mail address, or any other personally identifying information. Instead, the tracking system is designed merely to show the advertiser how and when the user’s computer moved to different ads on the site. Unless the user voluntarily provides personally identifying information, for instance, by requesting that he or she be sent specifications on a particular product or service, the personal identity of the user should remain unknown to the advertiser.
How is this Anonymous Information Used?
As a general rule, the anonymous tracking of information from each user is bundled with that of other users to create an overall usage summary for the ad(s) in question. This summary allows the advertiser to better evaluate the reach and effectiveness of its ads, both from a content and placement perspective; for instance, by analyzing how many “hits” a particular ad receives. However, please note that, in certain instances, the advertiser may also use the unbundled or individual results of this tracking to target specific products or service offerings to particular users based on their individual usage patterns.
What About Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses and Cookies?
The Site logs IP addresses and browser types, but does not link IP addresses to personally identifying information. This means that, while a user’s session is tracked, the identity of that user remains anonymous. We also use these IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Cookies are used for the same reasons. Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer’s hard drive for recordkeeping purposes. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their visitors. Cookies allow us to monitor what sort of content you find most interesting. By better understanding how you and our other users are using the Site, we can develop tools and customize content to personalize and improve everyone’s experience. If requested, we also use cookies to remember any passwords for you so that you don’t have to keep re-entering them each time you come back to the Site, and to better target advertising on the Site that we think will be of most interest to you. Your privacy and security are not compromised when you accept a cookie from this Site because we do not use cookies to collect personal information for marketing purposes. Please note, however, that advertisers may also serve you their own cookies when you click through to their sites. We do not control, nor do we have access to, any of the information that they may collect. Also, this Site does contain links to other sites that may contain cookies. In the same way that we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites, we cannot control their use of cookies.
Of course, you can choose not to accept the cookie by adjusting your browser settings but, if you choose to do so, you may not be able to take full advantage of certain customized content on the Site, or you may have to sign into the Site each time you visit.
Links to Third-Party Sites
To provide you with a more complete resource for investment information and services, this Site contains links to certain other sites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of these sites; you should refer to these sites’ privacy policies for details.
Community
Certain pages contain links to Community areas that allow users to engage in a lively discussion with a community of intelligent investors and financial professionals. Please remember that any information you disclose in a conversations area will become public information.
We encourage you to maintain a healthy skepticism about any information posted to the community area and to do your own research before making any investment decisions. People writing in a conversations area may not be who they say they are, may not know what they say they know, or may not be affiliated with whom they say they are affiliated. Conversations areas are offered for entertainment purposes only. Fund Mojo expressly disclaims any responsibility for the content or accuracy of any information posted to these areas and for any trading, investment, or other decisions made on the basis of this information.
How to Control or Change Your Profile Information
You can edit any of the personal information you’ve provided by visiting http://www.FundMojo.com. Because this information is protected, you will be required to enter your user name and password to make changes.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If we ever change the Privacy Policy, we will post that information on this Privacy Policy page. We invite you to come back from time to time to review the policy.
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Linkedin
Recent Posts
Revisit Rationales behind Commodity Investments
Fed liquidity and Portfolio Implication
Risk and Balance
Health and Biotech Funds
Growth Opportunities
Going “Green”
SPAC and Venture Investments
Kiplinger 25 Model Portfolios
Water related investments
Managing Uncertainty
Categories
Asset Allocation
Crypto Currency
ETF
Mutual Fund
Venture Investment
Venture InvestmentsVentures Media
Get notification on our latest blog and news!
Name*Email*
Please accept terms & condition
Search for:
Go to mobile version