http://www.pctonline.com/privacy-policy/
GIE Media, Inc. Security and Privacy Policy
Acceptance of Policy
Please read this Security and Privacy Policy carefully before using the content and services on giemedia.com and all microsites included therein (collectively, referred to as the “Website”).  By using the Website, you are agreeing that you have read and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, your only option is to discontinue use of the Website.  Any use that contradicts the terms of this Privacy Policy is unauthorized.  Further, if you reject these terms, you are not authorized to use the Website and, accordingly, please do not use the Website.  The term “giemedia.com” refers to, giemedia.com, GIE Media, Inc., its affiliates and related entities.  The term “you” refers to the user, viewer, or person accessing the Website.
Article I
Scope
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted through the Website.  By doing business with or interacting with giemedia.com in the manner described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise using the Website in any way, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the application of this Privacy Policy to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of all your personal information as described.
The Privacy Policy applies to your use of the Website, any content, including, without limitation, text, data, information, magnetic translation, digital conversion, software, scripts, graphics, photographs, design, sounds, music, videos, interactive features, and the design and organization thereof (“Materials”) that may be available through the Website and any services that may be provided through the Website (“Services”).  The Website, Materials, and Services are collectively included in the definition of “Website” as used in this Privacy Policy.
Article II
Information Collected
In order to purchase a product on the Website you will need to create an account with the Website. This account is password-protected that can be used, among other things, to purchase products, submit an online customer review, establish account preferences or contact data.  Giemedia.com recommends you do not share your password with anyone.  Because any information you choose to post will be available on the Internet, giemedia.com can make no assurances that other will not use, or misuse, that information.
Giemedia.com may receive and store information you enter or provide through your use of the Website.  For example, you may enter or provide giemedia.com information that giemedia.com may receive and/or store when you place an order, register, complete your profile and preferences, complete a survey or questionnaire, participate in any Services provided to you by giemedia.com or the Website, or send giemedia.com an e-mail or other type of correspondence.  This information may include, but is not limited to:
Your name;
Your mailing address;
Your e-mail address;
Your phone number;
Your credit card information;
Your billing address;
Other personal or preference information you provide to giemedia.com regarding communications, likes, dislikes, interests and other information related to its products and offerings; and,
Information you provide to giemedia.com about other people, including but not limited to, the name and address of a gift recipient of a product purchased through the Website.
Giemedia.com may receive information about you from other sources.  This information may allow giemedia.com to improve the level of service offered to you through product recommendations or special offers that may be of interest to you.
Giemedia.com uses your personal information to provide you with a superior customer experience on and through the Website and, as necessary, to administer giemedia.com’s business. For example, giemedia.com uses your personal information to:
Provide superior customer service;
Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure, maintain, protect, develop and improve giemedia.com’s products and services;
Administer contests, promotions or surveys;
Communicate with you about special offers, events, or new products or services that may be of interest to you;
Customize and enhance the Website and advertising;
Make communications necessary to notify you regarding security, privacy and administrative issues;
Manage giemedia.com’s business; and
Better understand giemedia.com’s users to be able to provide promotions that better relate to your likes, dislikes, needs and interests.
Every user that has an account on the Website is responsible for (i) keeping his or her account password confidential and secured, (ii) avoiding unauthorized access to his or her computer; and (iii) keeping the e-mail address associated with that account current (you acknowledge that it is important to keep the e-mail address associated with that account current because although you may be able to log into your giemedia.com account using an old e-mail address, you will not receive messages from giemedia.com about your orders and inquiries or other matters).
You shall be responsible for protecting the confidentiality of your password(s).  You acknowledge that, although the Internet is often a secure environment, sometimes there are interruptions in service or events that are beyond the control of giemedia.com, and giemedia.com shall not be responsible for any data lost while transmitting or receiving information on the Internet.
Upon accessing the Website, giemedia.com may receive, collect, and record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website including, for example, the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the date and time you access the Website; and, the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Website.  Giemedia.com may use this information to monitor the usage of the Website and as necessary for giemedia.com’s business.  This information does not include personal information.
The Website is marketed for and directed towards use and purchase by adults or with the consent of adults.  Minors, individuals under eighteen (18) years of age, are not authorized or permitted to use the Website without the supervision of their parent or legal guardian. Giemedia.com does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under thirteen (13) years of age.  Should giemedia.com learn that someone under thirteen (13) years of age has provided any personal information to giemedia.com or on the Website, giemedia.com will remove that information as soon as possible.
If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States and provide giemedia.com with personal information
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Thanks to GDPR everyone is receiving an education about internet cookies and their uses.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small piece of information in a text file that is placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. It allows the website owner to learn things about your behavior on the website. Cookies can make websites easier and quicker to use by storing information about your preferences.
A cookie enables GIE Media and its microsites to ‘remember’ you, either for the duration of your visit using a ‘session cookie’ or, for repeat visits using a ‘persistent cookie’. Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences and generally improving your experience. Some of these things can make the interaction between you and the website faster and easier.
For more information about cookies and their use visit: www.cookiecentral.com
What if I don’t want cookies stored?
Some people find the idea of a website storing information on their computer or mobile device a bit intrusive. If preferred, it is possible to block some or all cookies or even to delete cookies but, you need to be aware that it may have a negative affect on the user experience of the website.
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser, so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. This can be done through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
If you choose not to accept or to disable cookies that are set by GIE Media you may lose some features and functionality.
For a more comprehensive description of how to change cookie settings in different browsers visit: www.aboutcookies.org
The Pulse
PCT Poll: COVID-19 and Remote Working
Videos & Podcasts
Webinar: 3 Tips for Increasing Customer Engagement