http://www.firstnebraskabank.com/privacy-policy
You are leaving the First Nebraska Bank website. Do you wish to continue?
Leave
Stay
Select LanguageEnglishSpanish
About
Resources
Locations
Contact
E-news
Careers
Financial Education
Personal
Business
Select LanguageEnglishSpanish
Products
Loans
Insurance
Convenience Services
Personal
Business
Username:
Username:
Password:
Lost or Damaged Token
Account Login
Privacy Policy
Your Right to Financial Privacy First Nebraska Bank
Date last revised and approved 11/2018
Printable Privacy Policy
FACTS
What does First Nebraska Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Income
Account balances
Transaction history
Credit history
Checking account information
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons First Nebraska Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does First Nebraska Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your transactions and experiences
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
YES
YES
For our affiliates to market to you
YES
YES
For nonaffiliates to market to you
NO
WE DON’T SHARE
To limit our sharing, complete the form below.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing
Questions? Call toll-free (800) 291-6657
Who We Are
Who is providing this notice?
First Nebraska Bank
What We Do
How does First Nebraska Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does First Nebraska Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account
Deposit money
Pay your bills
Apply for a loan
Use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
affilates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account — unless you tell us otherwise.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Our affiliates include:
Financial companies such as First Nebraska Bank Insurance Group, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
First Nebraska Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include insurance companies.
Other Important Information
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Customers.
We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization.
For California Customers.
We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Customers.
We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing – without your authorization.
For Vermont Customers.
We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates for them to market to you without your authorization and we will not share personal information with affiliates or for joint marketing about your creditworthiness without your authorization.
AboutLocations/ATMsDebit Card SupportContactE-newsPrivacy PolicyLegal DisclosuresConsumer EducationTerms of UseADA PolicyCareersMedia Center
© 2020 First Nebraska Bank
First Nebraska Bank
AboutResourcesLocationsContactE-newsCareersFinancial EducationPersonal Banking
Products
CheckingSavingsInvestmentsOverdraft Services Back
Loans
Personal LoansMortgage Loans Back
Convenience Services
First Time User Back
Insurance Back
Business Banking
Loans
Agriculture LoansCommercial Loans Back
Products
CheckingSavingsBusiness Services Back
Insurance Back