http://www.cincinnatiama.org/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Terms of Use
Terms of Useamacincinnati2020-07-09T01:52:33+00:00
The following Cincinnati American Marketing Association (“AMA Cincinnati”) Terms of Use apply to all use of AMA Cincinnati Sites located at www.amacincinnati.org, additional Sites or domains that we may adopt (the “Site”). These Terms of Use state the rules and agreement that govern use of the Site, other Products and the information, and materials contained therein.
Details
The Site is made available by AMA Cincinnati to persons 18 years of age and older. By using any AMA Cincinnati Site, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS OF USE. If you do not agree, please do not use the Site. We may change these policies from time to time by updating this page. Your continued use of this Site after we post any revised policy means that you accept our revised policy.
Privacy and Copyright Protection
The American Marketing Association’s privacy policy explains how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you use our Site. By using our Site, you agree that the American Marketing Association can use such data in accordance with our privacy policy.
Ownership, License, Use
Unless otherwise stated, the Site and its contents are owned and operated by the AMA Cincinnati. The AMA Cincinnati owns all rights in the names AMA Cincinnati, AMERICAN MARKETING ASSOCIATION CINCINNATI, and various other AMA Cincinnati trade names, trademarks, and service marks and reserves all rights to such property. This Site, and all materials appearing on it, are protected by copyright and may not be used without our prior written permission. Other trademarks or copyrighted materials appearing on the Site are the property of their respective owners and may not be used without permission.
You may access and use the materials and information on our Site as they appear there for your own personal use, educational advancement, or professional development. Any materials that you download for your own use must maintain all copyright or other notices. Except as AMA Cincinnati expressly permits, any redistribution, retransmission, commercial exploitation, linking, or other uses are strictly prohibited. For permission to reuse articles from AMA Cincinnati publications in other published works, please visit copyright.com.
You shall not copy or edit the materials, or integrate them into any other media. You shall not claim ownership or authorship, or otherwise use the materials except as we expressly permit. You shall not hack into our Site or text messages, or otherwise gain unauthorized access to or make improper use of our content or Site.
No Representations or Warranties
AMA Cincinnati strives to ensure that the information contained in our Site and Products are accurate and reliable. We provide you access to the information and materials on the Site and other Products on an “AS IS” basis without any representations or warranties. THE AMA Cincinnati EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. We reserve the right to amend or withdraw our information, materials, and services provided on or through the Site or Products at any time without notice. We will not be liable or responsible for any damages or injuries caused by use of the Site or other Products (such as viruses, omissions, or misstatements). No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through or from the Site or Products shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein. We are not responsible or liable for any interruption or discontinuation of the Site, Products or our subscriptions. We also have the right to terminate your access to all or part of our Site, Products or our subscriptions without notice. While we offer a wide variety of useful information, materials, and services, we make no promises about the content, your ability to secure a position, or advance in your career. By using this Site, Products and other methods of communication, you confirm that you have not relied on any of their respective content.
Exclusion of Liability
By using the Site or other Products, you expressly understand and agree that the AMA Cincinnati shall not be liable for any damages, including direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages or lost profits, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses that are in any way related to the distribution, use, or inability to use the information or materials on this Site or the actions of third parties on or through the Site, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. In all events, our total liability is limited to the amount, if any, that you actually paid us for accessing this Site.
Release
AMA Cincinnati, its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, successors, or heirs (the “Protected Entities”) shall in no event be liable for any claims, damages, or related expenses or liabilities, including but not limited to indirect, incidental, consequential, special, general, exemplary, or punitive damages arising from, or directly or indirectly related to, (a) the use of, or the inability to use, the Site, materials, and functions related thereto, your provision of information via the Site, lost business, or lost sales, even if such protected entity has been advised of the possibility of such damages; (b) the purchase and/or use of any products, services, discounts, or deals obtained through the Site; (c) the activities of the issuer of any card by which you access the Site; or (d) any misprints or inaccuracies that may be found to exist on the Site.
Your Responsibility
You are responsible for complying with the laws of the jurisdiction wherever you are located, and you agree that you will not access or use this site, its information, or materials in violation of such laws. You are solely responsible for the confidentiality and protection of any access tools, user name, and password by which you utilize the Site. You must notify us immediately if you believe your user name and/or password has been compromised.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold AMA Cincinnati, its members, and affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees arising in any way from your use of the Site; the unauthorized use of your member name and/or password; your placement or transmission of any message, content, information, software, or other materials available on or through the Site; or your breach or violation of the law or of these Terms of Use. AMA Cincinnati reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with AMA Cincinnati’s defense of such claim.
Third-Party Links
We occasionally link to third-party sites. This is to provide you with the opportunity to learn additional information. Third-party sites are not endorsed or are otherwise affiliated with the AMA Cincinnati. We have no responsibility for the content or activities on those sites, and each third-party site likely has its own terms of use and/or privacy policy. We urge you to review the terms of use and privacy policy of third-party sites before using those sites.
Linking to the Site
Other Internet websites may freely provide hypertext or “Hot Links” to the Site, including “deep” links (i.e., links other than to the home page of the Site), provided that they are not “framed,” surrounded, or obfuscated by other non-AMA Cincinnati content, materials, or branding that is inconsistent with the mission of the AMA Cincinnati (as judged by the AMA Cincinnati in its sole discretion). We reserve the right to require that any link to the Site be discontinued and to revoke your right to link to the Site from any other website at any time upon written notice to you.
General
We may revise these terms at any time without notice. By continuing to access and use this site or our text messages, you consent to these policies. Your obligations may not be sublicensed or assigned without our prior permission. These policies constitute the entire agreement between us governing your access and use of our site and text messages and all such information and material. If any provision of these policies is unenforceable, it shall be modified to provide AMA Cincinnati with the greatest protection possible. Your obligations to respect our intellectual property (trademarks, copyrights, Site, and text message content) continue even after you stop using the site or our materials. These policies are governed by the laws of Ohio, and any dispute between us shall be brought in the state or federal courts located in Cincinnati, Ohio. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of those courts. If you have violated or threatened to violate these policies, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief against you; this is in addition to any claims for damages that we may have. You agree to pay all our costs of enforcement, including reasonable attorney fees.
Termination
AMA Cincinnati may terminate, change, suspend, or discontinue any aspect of the Site at any time. AMA Cincinnati may restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to the Site if we believe you are in breach of these Terms of Use or applicable law, or for any other reason without notice or liability.
Terms Governing International Use
We control and operate the Site from our offices in the United States of America. We do not represent that materials on the Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Persons who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. Any information collected through this Site will be transferred to and processed within the United States of America.
Governing Law, Miscellaneous
These Terms of Use and the relationship between you and AMA Cincinnati shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Ohio, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and AMA Cincinnati agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the County of Hamilton, State of Ohio. All parties to these Terms of Use waive their respective rights to a trial by jury. The failure of AMA Cincinnati to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms of Use remain in full force and effect. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Site or these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
How to Contact Us
You can contact us by using the Contact form. Please include your contact information and a detailed description of your request or privacy concern.
Go to Top