http://www.avprojections.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
info@avprojections.co.uk+44 207 620 2001Facebook page opens in new windowTwitter page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new windowYouTube page opens in new window
Home Services About Us Gallery Careers Contact
Under the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the company understands that your privacy is important and that you are aware of how we handle your personal data. The GDPR came into effect on May 25th 2018 and this replaces the current Data Protection Act.
Company information
AV Projections Ltd
Registered address: The Arches, 65 Webber Street, London SE1 0QP
Registered in England and Wales 2809717
VAT number 625 9845 03
Data Protection Officer: Susan Chessher
Email address: DPO@avprojections.co.uk
Company Telephone number: 020 7620 2001
Company Website address: www.avprojections.co.uk
We value the privacy of our customers and will only collect and use personal data in the ways that are described below:
Personal Data
In line with the GRPR, personal data is defined as information that is collected and held about you and the rights that you have under this regulation.
Your rights
Under the GDPR you have the right to:
be informed of the information that is being held
the right to restrict information held and how it is used
the right to remove the information held
How We Collect Your Personal Data
We obtain personal data about you by:
telephone enquiry
email enquiry
our website – the cookies only records your device’s pixel ratio
post
referral
The information that is held may include
personal details – name, contact name, contact number, email address
contact details – where we have had contact with you in the provision of our AV services
history of projects that we have conducted on your behalf
correspondence or communications that we have had with you
It is important that you notify us if your personal information changes please do so by emailing DPO@avprojections.co.uk
How we use your personal data
We use your data in accordance with the data protection regulations. Your personal information is used so that we can perform an agreed contract with you and the fact that you have consented for us to use this information.
The purpose of the information held (not limited to)
to manage your account
to provide product and services to you as agreed
communicate with you by telephone, post, email, survey (please note that you can opt out of any marketing emails/surveys by emailing DPO@avprojections.co.uk
We will never share your details with anyone else and will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam emails.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as it is required in order for us to perform work for you. Also we will continue to comply with legal requirements with regards to retaining information.
Data Sharing
We will only share your data with a third party where we are required to do so in order to perform a service to you. Our third party service providers are also regulated by the GDPR and make every effort to secure the information that is shared with them.
Change of Purpose
Should we need to use your data for another reason, other than the purpose we collected it for you will be notified in writing stating the reason for this.
Data Security
Our internal systems are protected and are consistently monitored for any data breaches. Should such a breach occur the correct authority will be notified as well as the affected customers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy in the future (in line with any changes to legislation), you will be notified by email.
If you have any queries in relation to our GDPR compliance, our Privacy Policy or if you wish to gain access to your records, please email dpo@avprojections.co.uk and your request will be complied with within one month of receipt. Alternatively you can write to AV Projections Ltd, The Arches, 65 Webber Street, London SE1 0QP for the attention of the GDPR Officer.
Further information regarding the General Data Protection Act can be found on the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) www.ico.gov.uk or your Citizens Advice Bureau.
Go to Top