http://www.bell-mark.com/company/privacy-policy.aspx
BELL-MARK, Privacy Policy
973.882.0202
Toggle navigation
Products
Piezo Inkjet
InteliJet HD
Thermal Inkjet
InteliJet TS & TSX
InteliJet TS UNO PLUS 3.0+
InteliJet TS C
InteliJet TSX / Bag Loader
Thermal Transfer
EasyPrint III
EasyPrint MLP ApeX
EasyPrint MLP mini
Web Advance System
Offline System
Offline Feed and Print System
Flexographic
FlexPrint M
FlexPrint mini
FlexPrint Servo
Custom Flexo
Printers for the Converting Industry
Ink Coders
Reciprocating Ink Coder
Supplies
Ink
Ink Cartridges
Thermal Transfer Ribbon
Industries
Solutions by Industry
Medical Device
Pharmaceutical
Meat & Poultry
Prepared Foods
Paper Converting
Extruded Plastic
Service & Support
Technical Support
Downloads
Product Brochures
Employee Access
Company
Trade Shows
Careers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Privacy Policy
Overview
At BELL-MARK, we respect the privacy needs of our valued customers. This Privacy Policy outlines what specific information is gathered on the BELL-MARK site and how that information is used.
Collection and Use of Information by BELL-MARK
BELL-MARK explicitly asks when we need information that personally identifies you ("Personal Information"). Your personal information is used to contact you in the course of using BELL-MARK products, or sending you BELL-MARK literature. Demographic and profile data collected by BELL-MARK may be used to tailor our Web site or any requested email communications, and to display information that is more relevant to you.
Under no circumstances will BELL-MARK make any personal information about an individual user available to anyone.
Your email address is used to send you information that you have requested. As part of your use of any BELL-MARK product, BELL-MARK allows you to elect to receive, or not receive, certain information from BELL-MARK or its partners. BELL-MARK adheres strictly to permission-based email policy. BELL-MARK will not sell, rent, or loan our contact lists (including customer data) to any outside firms. All emails that you have requested will have an option to unsubscribe. Unsubscribe requests are fulfilled within minutes and no further communications will be sent to users who have stated that they do not wish to receive the specified information. All BELL-MARK partners who offer you information via email from our Web site must adhere to this unsubscribe policy.
While IP addresses are logged to track a user's session, the user's identity is anonymous. Tracking IP addresses gives BELL-MARK information about which parts of our site are used most often and what information is viewed. IP addresses are not linked to anything that can personally identify a visitor. Thus, session details are tracked, but the user is anonymous. When we send marketing related emails to our own registered customers, we'll sometimes track who opened and who clicked. We do this to measure the performance of our email campaigns, and to improve our offerings to specific customer segments. One of the data analysis packages that BELL-MARK currently utilizes is Google Analytics. The use of Google Analytics is for the sole purpose of evaluating the user traffic of BELL-MARK.com so that design may be altered or modified based on performance of certain pages or areas of the site.
Information Use by Third Parties
It is BELL-MARK's policy to never provide your personal information to third parties without your express permission or only in instances where such disclosure is necessary to process transactions or provide services that you have requested. We do not release personal information about you as an individual. There are two exceptions to this policy. One - if BELL-MARK is compelled to do so by an appropriately empowered governmental authority. Two - if BELL-MARK makes services available to you through its business partners. BELL-MARK will not share with them any more information than is necessary to perform the service you have requested. Where you have purchased our services through a BELL-MARK partner, we may provide customer name and business information to the partner. Such partners have agreed to use the information only in regard to analyzing the success of the partnership arrangement. BELL-MARK only does business with partners who agree to respect our Privacy Policy.
The Bottom Line
Maintaining the privacy of your information is of paramount importance to us as it helps foster confidence, goodwill and stronger relationships with you, our customers.
Inline Printing and Coding Specialists
For over 60 years, BELL-MARK has been developing innovative solutions for package and carton printing applications in the medical device, pharmaceutical, prepared foods, meat, bakery, dairy, and poultry packaging industries. BELL-MARK offers many in-line printing technologies including piezo inkjet, thermal inkjet, thermal transfer, flexographic, and ink coder, all of which satisfy requirements to print directly onto package and carton substrates.
BELL-MARK Sales Co.
331 Changebridge Rd.
PO BOX 2007
Pine Brook, NJ 07058
973.882.0202
Copyright © 2020 BELL-MARK - All Rights Reserved.