http://www.bbibenefits.com/privacy
Home
About
Services
Clients
News
Bulletin Board
Contact
FSA/HSA/HRA
•
(978) 474-4730
Business Benefits Inc.
Privacy Policy
Effective as of January 1st, 2020Privacy PolicyProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.BBIbenefits.com and Business Benefits, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Business Benefits Inc. include www.BBIbenefits.com and BBI. The BBI website is an Insurance Brokerage site. By using the BBI website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of your Personal InformationIn order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site and our mobile app, BBI may collect personally identifiable information, such as your: First and Last NameMailing AddressE-mail AddressPhone NumberEmployer IDSocial Security Number BBI may also collect demographic and health information, such as your:Date of BirthGenderFamily StatusMedical ClaimsWe do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site.Use of your Personal InformationBBI collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you or your employer have requested. From time to time BBI may provide such information to nonaffiliated third-party service providers to perform services for or functions on behalf of us. BBI also provides de-identified and/or aggregate claim information to employers for billing and financial review purposes.Sharing Information with Third PartiesBBI does not sell, rent, or lease its customer data to third parties.  BBI does not share your personal information with anyone outside of BBI for their promotional or marketing use. BBI may share data with trusted partners to help facilitate claim substantiation or to provide access to health care shopping data.  All new HSA enrollments are scanned to identify possible fraudulent activity.  All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to BBI, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.BBI may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on BBI or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of BBI; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of BBI, or the public.Tracking User Behavior BBI may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within BBI, in order to determine what BBI services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within BBI to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by BBI. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the BBI website. Use of CookiesThe BBI website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize BBI pages, or register with BBI site or services, a cookie helps BBI to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information. When you return to the same BBI website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the BBI features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the BBI services or websites you visit.Security of your Personal InformationBBI strives to protect your personal information from loss or unauthorized use by through industry-recognized security safeguards that comply with applicable laws.  If you provide information to us through this website, your sensitive information is encrypted when it is transmitted to us. “Information” means individually identifiable personal information.While we take precautions designed to protect the confidentiality of information, due to the nature of the Internet we do not guarantee that all Information will remain secure. By submitting information to this Site, you agree that you are aware of these risks. If you do not wish to submit your information electronically, BBI will accept other forms of communication. You agree that BBI (including our affiliates and vendors, and all owners, directors, employees and agents) is not responsible for any consequence of illegal or unauthorized acts by third parties, including but not limited to hacking or similar crimes.Our policies permit employees to access information only on a business need-to-know basis. Employees who violate our privacy policies will be subject to the disciplinary process.We do not reveal customer information to any external organization unless we have previously informed the customer in disclosure or agreements (such as in this Privacy Policy), have been authorized by the customer, or are required by law.If BBI hires other organizations to provide support services, we require them to conform to applicable state and federal privacy standards.Right to DeletionSubject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:Delete your personal information from our records andDirect any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to comply with our legal and business obligations.Children Under ThirteenBBI does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.E-mail CommunicationsFrom time to time, BBI may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from BBI or click on a link therein.If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from BBI, you may opt out of such communications by replying STOP or clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button. External Data Storage SitesWe may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.Changes to this StatementBBI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.Contact Information BBI welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that BBI has not adhered to this statement, please contact BBI at:Business Benefits2352 Main Street, Suite 304Concord, Massachusetts 01742Email Address:
customerservice@BBIbenefits.comTelephone Number:
(877) 230-8650