https://www.polymerlogistics.com/policies/
Polymer Logistics/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy – Data protection information
POLYMER LOGISTICS LTD, 4 Hacharash St, Hod Hasharon, Israel (“POLYMER LOGISTICS “), is aware of the great importance of data protection. POLYMER LOGISTICS respects your right to privacy and your right to control the dissemination of personal information about you or your company. It is our goal to manage your data in a responsible manner. This Privacy Policy explains what type of information we collect from users of the POLYMER LOGISTICS web site (the “Website”) and is intended to give you an overview of how we use your personal data (“data”).
Customer data
In order to process orders, POLYMER LOGISTICS needs your name, customer number and sales tax identification number, the address of the company for which you are making the order and the name of the contact person, as well as the telephone and fax number. In this context, we reserve the right to record your computer’s IP address in a log file.
Confidentiality of your data
We will always treat the data we have gathered in a confidential manner and use it only for the following purposes:
a) Information concerning products which can be purchased from POLYMER LOGISTICS or products of other partners.
b) Communication with our customers aimed at improving our Web-based services.
c) Processing of orders.
POLYMER LOGISTICS will transfer the collected data to third parties solely for the purpose of fulfilling a contract, for example, a transfer to an external call center to fulfill our customer service obligations.
POLYMER LOGISTICS will not make your data available to other third parties on a paid or unpaid basis, unless POLYMER LOGISTICS is statutorily obligated to do so or you have given your consent. Moreover, POLYMER LOGISTICS will have the customer database analyzed and improved by third parties. In addition, it is possible that anonymous customer statistics, sales revenue, customer behavior and site information with reference thereto will be provided to trustworthy third parties – in particular, the advertising partners of POLYMER LOGISTICS . These data will be compiled in such a manner that individual persons and companies are no longer identifiable.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer by a website you visit. It stores data that are sent back to the website from your browser when you visit that site again, or navigate between pages while the other site. Some cookies are essential to allow you to use a website effectively as they allow the website to remember information you have already entered, such as your username whether you have already logged in. Other cookies are used to store research and reservation for the compilation of analytical data using the website, or to show the different products on the basis of what seems to be interested.
POLYMER LOGISTICS website uses different types of cookies:
Technicians Cookies, which are essential to the operation of the Website.
Functional Cookies, which allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for. The information these cookies collect can be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
POLYMER LOGISTICS website does not use Targeting cookies or advertising cookies which are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization. Polymer Logistics does not use these types of cookies.
You can avoid storing cookies setting the preferences for cookies on every browser (Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox or Safari). There are several ways to manage cookies, for example, enable or disable cookies altogether; delete specific cookies that have already been stored in the browser; block the storage of cookies on your computer by specific web sites; or block third-party cookies (when, while surfing a website, cookies are stored on your computer to another website).
For more information about cookie management of each of the major browsers, visit the following links:
Internet Explorer (link to IE cookies management website)
Google Chrome (link to Chrome cookies management website)
Firefox (link to Firefox cookies management website)
Safari (link to Safari cookies management website)
Google Analytics
This site also includes certain components transmitted by Google Analytics, a web traffic analysis service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Again it comes to third-party cookies collected and managed anonymously to monitor and improve the performance of the host site (performance cookie).
Google Analytics uses “cookies” to collect and analyze anonymous information on the behavior of site usage (including your IP address). This information is collected by Google Analytics, which processes in order to prepare reports on the activities on the websites themselves. This site does not use (and do not allow third parties to use) the analysis tool of Google to track or collect personally identifiable information. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google or seek to link an IP address with the identity of a user. Google can also communicate this information to third parties unless required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
For more information, please refer to the link below:
https://www.google.it/policies/privacy/partners/
You can selectively disable the action of installing Google Analytics on your browser component of the opt-out provided by Google. To disable the action of Google Analytics, please refer to the link below:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Legal protection for youth
Persons below the age of 18 should not transmit personal data to us without the consent of their parents or legal guardians.
Links to websites of other providers
Where the Website of POLYMER LOGISTICS refers to other websites. POLYMER LOGISTICS accepts no responsibility nor liability for the contents of external Internet sites linked from the POLYMER LOGISTICS Website. POLYMER LOGISTICS has no bearing on whether the other providers comply with the data protection act.
Question and comments
If you have questions or comments concerning data protection by POLYMER LOGISTICS, please contact us at (email address)
POLYMER LOGISTICS reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at anytime. Changes will be announced on this page in a timely manner.
Responsible for the content:
POLYMER LOGISTICS LTD
4 Hacharash St,
Hod Hasharon
Israel
Please feel free to contact us if you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or your use of this Website.
Fruit & Vegetables
Eggs
Meat
Non Food
Beverages
Post & Parcel
Home Shopping
Smart Supply Chain
My iLog
Pooling
Washing
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.