http://www.michaelpage.com/complaints-policy
You are hereHome>Complaints policy
Complaints policy
PageGroup is committed to providing a quality service to our customers. If you are not satisfied with the level of service you have received from us we would like you to tell us about it. All complaints are taken seriously and all feedback is appreciated as it provides us with an opportunity to improve our standards. All complaints and feedback are referred on to the Candidate Services team, which sit separately from the operational business and are responsible for impartially reviewing and investigating any concerns you may have without delay.
Complaints Procedure
If you have a complaint, please contact Hayley Williams, Manager of the Candidate Services team at the following email address:
[[email protected]]
1.  We will send you written acknowledgement via email, on receipt of your complaint. You should expect to receive this confirmation within 5 working days of us receiving your email;
2.  We will then record your complaint in our central register and start to investigate on your behalf. This is likely to involve the following steps;
Examining your records to ascertain the sequence of relevant events & related correspondence
Interviewing the relevant members of staff for clarification on the issue
Liaising with senior management where appropriate
3.  A full response to your complaint will be drafted by the appointed member of the Candidate Services team, and this will be sent out to you with any supporting documentary evidence. In addition, if the team member considers it appropriate, s/he may wish to discuss the events surrounding your complaint directly with you. The majority of complaints we receive are resolved in this way as the team member will be able to explain how Michael Page intends to resolve the issue and, if appropriate, offer an apology.
4.  If you are not satisfied with the outcome you can request in writing that the decision of the Candidate Services team member to whom the matter was first referred, be reviewed. This will then be escalated to Caroline Shelley, Director of Legal & Quality Compliance who will review the initial decision. We will let you know of the outcome of this review in writing as soon as possible. This decision will be final.
5. We aim to acknowledge, investigate and resolve all complaints within 14 working days of receipt.
Site information
Site information
Site Map
Site Terms
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Feedback
Complaints policy