http://www.hempel.com/cookies-and-privacy-policy
All
Products
News
Home
Cookies and Privacy Policy
Cookies and Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting this website (“Website”), which is brought to you by Hempel A/S. This Privacy Policy tells you how we collect, use and disclose personally identifiable information that you provide to us, e.g. as a visitor on this Website, a customer or a supplier.
If you apply for one of our vacancies published on the Website, specific information about personal information will be provided during the application process.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
1.1. Hempel collect information about you when you use the Website and/or contact us whether by email, telephone, post or otherwise. Most commonly the information is collected when you complete and submit on-line forms (for example, "contact us" forms), subscribe for marketing materials or newsletters and when you provide your details during the contact Hempel have with you as a current or potential customer/supplier or as a contact person at such customer/supplier.
1.2. The information may include your name, business address, job title, telephone number and email address and information on services or products that you or your organisation has asked to be provided or will deliver to us. For customers and suppliers Hempel will in addition process relevant billing details, e.g. VAT number, together with purchase/delivery history.
1.3. Hempel may use "cookies" to collect information about your visit(s) to the Website via your IP address.
1.4. Hempel may collect additional information throughout the period where Hempel have a business relationship with you or the organisation that you are working for and may notify you in other ways than in this Privacy Policy about eventual processing of personal information.
2. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
2.1. Hempel use the information collected via our Website to provide the services you have requested, e.g. to send you marketing materials, newsletters or answering requests in “contact us” forms. Hempel also use personal information to send marketing materials and newsletters when the information is provided to us in campaign materials, during exhibitions or if you otherwise have asked to be provided with these services.
2.2. Hempel use information about customers or suppliers and you as the contact person in order to provide services or products which your organisation has ordered from us or is going to deliver as a supplier. Hempel will from time to time also use such information, including for potential customers, for purposes such as offering other products or services, to send customer satisfaction surveys or to establish a new business relationship with you or your organisation.
2.3. Hempel will share information with relevant affiliates in the Hempel Group for internal administrative purposes. Such transfer is e.g. taking place when necessary for the production or delivery of ordered products and services, when a Hempel company is handling marketing activities on behalf of other Hempel companies and when necessary for the provision of support services from an internal Hempel IT-Servicedesk.
2.4. Hempel will also share information with external parties when relevant for the specific services. Most commonly, it will be when an external agency is handling marketing activities or customer satisfaction surveys on our behalf, as part of the delivery of necessary IT services such as data hosting or if delivery of products is handled by an external freight company.
2.5. For the above mentioned purposes, the information may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”) which is not deemed to secure an adequate level of protection of your personal data. Hempel have however entered into agreements with group companies or suppliers outside the EEA which secure that the personal data is treated by those parties in a way that is consistent with and respects European laws on data protection.
3. USE OF COOKIES
3.1. Hempel register how you navigate around this Website, so Hempel can become smarter as to how the Website is used. The information is only used to improve the Website’s content and functionalities and Hempel receive the information with the help of a file called a “cookie”. A cookie is a text file that is sent to your browser from our Website and saved on your computer, phone or whichever device you use to access the internet. Cookies have many uses, but basically, they are used to save information about your activity on the internet.
3.2. In addition to Hempel’s own cookies, Hempel work with reputable companies to help us analyse how the Website is used, and to optimize our Website to deliver the best possible experience. Hempel achieve this through use of Google Analytics which is a service provided by Google, Inc. in the USA. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyse how users use our Website. Google will use this information for the purpose of examining the use of our Website, compiling reports for us on Website activity and providing other services relating to Website activity and Internet usage. You can opt-out of Google Analytics by visiting http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
3.3. Cookies delete themselves after a certain number of months (can vary), but are automatically updated when you visit the Website again.
3.4. You can use the settings within your browser to control and delete cookies that are set on your computer. However, please be aware that if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to enjoy all of the features on the Website.
4. LEGAL GROUNDS FOR USING INFORMATION
4.1. Hempel processes your personal information with your consent when you have subscribed for marketing materials and newsletters, typically provided by you in on-line forms on our Website or in campaign materials. You may at any time withdraw consent to receive marketing materials or newsletters. This will typically be possible in an unsubscribe functionality in the footer of marketing e-mails. Otherwise you can always unsubscribe by sending an e-mail to unsubscribe@hempel.com.
4.2. Where allowed, Hempel may also send marketing materials / customer satisfaction surveys or contact you in order to establish or continue a business relationship with the organisation you are working for. Hempel will only process your personal data when Hempel deem to pursue a legitimate interest in doing this and your fundamental rights do not override such interest, e.g. if you are a contact person at our customer or potential customer and Hempel believe the communication is relevant for the organisation you are working for.
4.3. Hempel processes personal information about you if you are a customer or supplier when it is necessary to fulfil the contract that Hempel has entered into with you. If you are a contact person at our customer/supplier, Hempel will typically also process personal information about you in order to fulfil such a contract. Hempel does not ask for your consent to process personal data when it is necessary to manage such a customer relationship. Hempel does not believe that this method of processing disadvantages you in any way.
4.4. Processing of billing information such as VAT number and purchase/delivery history is needed to comply with legal obligations relating to tax and book keeping legislation etc.
4.5. You consent to the use of cookies by continuing to use of our Website.
5. SECURITY
5.1. Hempel has implemented appropriate organizational and technical security measures to protect your personal data. Hempel stores personal data on servers located in secured facilities, and our security measures are evaluated on an ongoing basis. Your personal data is, among other measures, protected by antivirus software and firewalls.
5.2. Only employees with a work related need will have access to your personal data and Hempel secures that the eventual third party service providers with access to data are under strict confidentiality obligations.
5.3. Transmission of information via the internet is unfortunately not completely secure. Although Hempel does its best to protect your data once it is received, Hempel cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via the internet, e.g. through this Website. Any transmission is therefore at your own risk.
6. LINKS TO OTHER SITES
6.1. Hempel may provide links to other websites which Hempel believe may be of interest to you. Please be aware that Hempel is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other websites. Hempel encourages its users to be aware when they leave the Hempel Website and to read the privacy statements of any other website that collects your personal information.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
7.1. Hempel will not keep the information in its systems for any longer than is necessary for us to meet the purpose of holding that information.
7.2. You have at any time the right to request a copy of the personal data that Hempel hold about you or to object to the processing of such data.
7.3. If you have any questions about privacy or wish to exercise any of the above mentioned rights, please send an e-mail to hempel@hempel.com.
Alternatively, please write to us at:
Hempel A/S
Lundtoftegårdsvej 91
2800 Kgs. Lyngby
Denmark
8. REVISION OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
8.1. Hempel may update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any new version will be made available on this Website.
We utilize cookies in order to optimize the website
By navigating further in the site or closing this window, you accept our cookie policy
Close
Download Safety data sheet
PRODUCT NAME
FILTER
Choose Your Leguslative Market
Choose Product Shade
PRODUCT DATA SHEET
PRODUCT NAME
APPLICATION INSTRUCTION
PRODUCT NAME
×
×
LOADING