https://www.imohealth.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyIntelligent Medical Objects, Inc. (“IMO,” “we,” “us,” and “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use and Conditions (described below in Privacy Notice) and any other underlying agreements or terms, describes the basis on which any personal information collected from you, or that you provide to us by using our U.S. based website www.imohealth.com (“Site”).  This Privacy Policy also describes the manner in which we process, use and disclose information that you provide to us when you use our Site.Last updated November 2020This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which we will process any personal information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, through the Site. This Privacy Policy also makes disclosures concerning IMO’s collection of information, including personal information, that we collect or that you provide:on the Site;in email, text and other electronic messages between you and the Site; orthrough mobile and desktop applications you download from the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected or provided outside the Site, including by:IMO pursuant to a separate contractual relationship for the license of IMO products or services unless this Privacy Policy is referenced therein;IMO offline or through any means other than the Site, including or on any other website operated by any third party; orany third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site. By using the Site, you consent to the use of information that you provide us through the Site as described herein in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Site. We do update this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use and Conditions from time to time so please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use and Conditions regularly. If we materially alter our Privacy Policy, we will notify you of such changes by contacting you through your user account e-mail address and/or by posting a notice on the Site.  Your continued use of the Site will be deemed your agreement that your information may be used in accordance with the new Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the changes, then you should stop using the Site, and you should notify us that you do not want your information used in accordance with the changes. PRIVACY NOTICEPlease read this Privacy Policy carefully to fully understand how we collect, share and protect information about you through the Site. By accessing and using the Site, you agree that you have read and understand this Privacy Policy and that you accept and consent to the practices and uses or disclosures of information about you that are described herein.  This Policy is incorporated into and is a part of the Terms of Use and Conditions for this Site.  To access the Terms of Use and Conditions click here: https://www.imohealth.com/terms-of-use. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUWe collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, including information:by which you may be personally identified, such as your name, postal address and email address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);that is collected about you but individually does not identify you, such as your interests and concerns and preferences for products and services;details about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Site and resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, including your IP address, the date and time you accessed or left the Site and which pages you viewed. Some parts of our Site use cookies and other technologies to collect this information about your general internet usage. See section below “Our Use of Cookies” to learn more.Information that you provide directly to us by filling in forms on our Site, such as your name, email address and telephone number.We may collect personal details from you, such as your name, address and contact information, date of birth, birth place, gender, family composition, career history (e.g. CVs, recruitment details, education and training, language and other job-related skills, as applicable), financial information and/or information regarding your use of our resources.We may also collect information from you if you sign up for our webinars, or visit our events and trade shows or conferences;If you request information about our products or services, we may collect First Name, Last Name, Email Address, City, Country, State/Province/Region, Address, Postal Code, Company/Organization, Title, and Phone number.Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason. INFORMATION WE OBTAIN FROM OTHER SOURCESWe may engage service providers to collect information about you on our behalf. For example, we may engage third party service providers to collect publicly available information about certain individuals who work at companies or who are included on various lists. We may also engage entities who assist us in identifying individuals whom we may invite to our webinars or conferences.We also work with third parties (including, for example, business partners and sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services; advertising networks; data and analytics providers; academic institutions; journal owners, societies and similar organizations; search information providers, such as www.zoominfo.com and www.definitivehc.com) from whom we may receive information about you.HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION ON THE SITEthrough the use of fillable forms on the Site;through communications by you to us regarding any of our services or products, including when you report a problem, and responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;in records and copies of your correspondence if you contact us (including email); andthrough information you publish or display (“post”) on public or membership areas of the Site, or transmit other uses of the Site or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”).Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Site with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:details of your visits to the Site and the resources you access, including, but not limited to, your Internet protocol (IP) address, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, the date and time you accessed or left the Site, term searches and other use of the Site;information about your computer and internet connection, operating system and browser type;details regarding your interactions with customer service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number; andinformation collected via the use of cookies (see section below “Our Use of Cookies” for further information) and other technologies.We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). We may track customers across third party websites to provide targeted advertising. Please note, our Site does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Site and deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:estimate our audience size and usage patterns;store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests;speed up or optimize your searches; andrecognize you when you return to our Site.We may contract with third parties to help us manage, monitor and optimize the Site and measure the effectiveness of our communications and use of the Site. We may use cookies for this purpose (see section below “Our Use of Cookies” for further information).By submitting a telephone number to us, you agree that a representative of IMO can contact you at the number you provide, potentially using automated technology (including texts/SMS messaging) or a pre-recorded message. Your consent is not an obligation to receive any of our services.  We may occasionally send informational or promotional materials to you by postal or email. You may choose to exclude yourself from any of these mailings by contacting us at the contact information below or by clicking the unsubscribe link in the promotional email. OUR USE OF YOUR INFORMATIONThe information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you in the best possible manner. We may use your personal information in the performance of any contract or transaction we enter into with you, to comply with legal obligations, or where we have a legitimate business interest.Legitimate business purposes include but are not limited to one or all of the following:To present the Site and its contents to you;To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;To provide third parties with statistical information about the users of our Site;To provide, activate, and/or manage our services, including any interactive features of our services; andTo monitor and conduct an analysis of our Site traffic and usage patterns;To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;To analyze trends and to improve our products and services;Providing direct marketing and assessing the effectiveness of promotions and advertising; modifying, improving or personalizing our services, products and communications;For internal business and research purposes to help enhance, evaluate, develop, and create our websites (including usage statistics, such as “page views” on our websites and the products therein), products, and services;For internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical, and survey purposes;Detecting fraud; investigating suspicious activity (e.g., violations of our Terms of Use and Conditions) and otherwise keeping our Site safe and secure; and conducting data analytics; and.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.In addition, with your prior, explicit consent (where required), we may use your information to contact you about products, events and services that may be of interest to you that may be (i) similar to those you have already purchased or inquired about, or (ii) entirely new products, events and services and for any other purpose that we may notify you of from time to time.If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your subscription preferences here: http://go.imohealth.com/communication-preferences.html.We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria. Please be sure to review any third party advertiser’s own privacy policies and procedures if you should choose to access their website or services.We don’t sell your Personal Information to anyone. OUR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIESWe may disclose your personal information to any affiliated business entities or third parties necessary to provide products or services to you. This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, holding company and its other subsidiaries (if any), as well as third parties involved in the administration and operation of our products and services. We may also disclose your personal information to other third parties:to protect or enforce our legal rights and policies, to protect or enforce the legal rights of a third party, or as we in good faith believe we are required to do so by law (such as to comply with a subpoena or court order, for example);when we are contractually obligated to disclose it;to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of IMO’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by IMO about our Site users is among the assets transferred;for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; orwith your consent.We may contract with various third parties who help us provide, maintain and improve the Site and such third parties may have access to your personal information in order to perform their services. For example, we may work with vendors, technology and marketing partners, resellers, medical professionals and others who assist us in the development, marketing, sales, and support of our products and services. We don’t sell or lease your Personal Information.We may disclose non-personal information, in aggregate form, derived from our operations to potential strategic partners, advertisers, investors, customers, and others for development, promotional, communications, and other business purposes. OUR USE OF COOKIESA cookie is a piece of text which asks permission to be placed on the hard drive of your computer. We use cookies to remember certain user information. This allows users of the Site to avoid logging in more than once, thereby saving time. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. You may, at any time, disable or refuse to accept cookies by changing the preferences or settings on your web browser. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to use the Site. However, you will not be able to fully take advantage of certain automation and other functionality features available in the Site.We also use Google Analytics and Marketo on the Site, among other third party data analytics service providers. For more information on how the Google Analytics cookie works click here; and for more information on how the Marketo cookie works click here. As we explained above, we currently do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) requests. We also do not use flash cookies on our Site. THIRD PARTY USE OF COOKIESSome content or applications, including advertisements, on the Site are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe consider protecting the security of your personal information as very important. When you enter personal information into the Site, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (sometimes referred to as “SSL”).The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we do not guarantee absolute security. We are not responsible for the unauthorized acts of others and we assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access (such as through hacking) or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.CROSS BORDER TRANSFERSIn order to process your transactions, we may store your personal information on our servers which may reside outside the country where you live. IMO has servers and office locations in the United States. Such processing may include, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of products and support services.By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of your information. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and all applicable data protection laws.RETENTION OF YOUR DATAIMO will store and maintain your information for as long as necessary:To fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected;To meet its current and future legal obligations, including in compliance with IMO’s record retention policy; and/or,As permitted to meet its legitimate business interests.Personal information of individuals, other than employees, will be retained for 10 years unless permitted or required by law to retain for a shorter or longer period of time.YOUR PRIVACY CHOICESWhen you submit personal information to the Site, you may receive materials regarding IMO’s products and services by mail or e-mail. You may opt out or change your preferences regarding how you receive these materials here: http://go.imohealth.com/communication-preferences.html. UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou can always contact us to: (i) delete your personal information from our systems; and (ii) update the personal information that you have provided to us. You may request these changes by: (i) visiting IMO’s website (www.imohealth.com) and clicking the “Contact Us” tab; or (ii) contacting IMO’s customer support. CHILDREN’S PRIVACYBy using the Site, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or older. We are not liable for any damages that may result from a user’s misrepresentation of age.The Site is intended for health care providers and others in the healthcare field. Therefore, it is unlikely that children under the age of 18 will use the Site. Accordingly, we will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children that we know to be under the age of 18. In addition, we will delete any information in our database that we know originates from a child under the age of 18.If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you, your parent, or your legal guardian may request that we deactivate any of your personal information in our database and/or opt-out from receiving communications from us. If you wish to do so, please contact us at Customer Support at customersupport@imohealth.com.No one under age 13 is authorized to submit or post any information, including personally identifying information, on our Site. Under no circumstances may anyone under age 13 use our Site. Parents or legal guardians of children under 13 cannot agree to this Policy on their behalf. If you believe we might have information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Customer Support at imohealth.com. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSIf you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit www.imohealth.com/ccpa-rights/.RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION We are committed to having a lawful basis for data transfers from EEA and Switzerland to other countries in compliance with applicable data protection laws.If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to (i) the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which we or our subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities or operations and (ii) to the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.As applicable, IMO has taken steps to implement adequate safeguards to protect such Personal Data (as that term is defined under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)). IMO maintains appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful destruction use and against its accidental, loss, damage or destruction.If you are a resident of the European Union, subject to applicable exemptions, here are your rights in relation to your Personal Data (as that term is defined under the GDPR):To be informed about the Personal Data that is held about you by IMO;To request access to or a copy of your Personal Data that is maintained by IMO and be provided information in relation to that data (including the purposes for which the data is processed and how long it will be stored for);To request that your Personal Data be corrected or deleted;To receive a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or to have your Personal Data sent to another entity;To restrict the processing of your Personal Data;To object to the processing of your Personal Data;Not to be subject to a decision which is based solely on automated processing or profiling that could result in a significant effect on you, such as discriminatory effects; and,To file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority for violations of data protection laws.You may make these requests by contacting IMO at legal@imohealth.com.GENERALThe Site is controlled by us from our offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that the Site, the services or products or the content is appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from jurisdictions where the services, products or content are restricted or is illegal is prohibited. Those persons and entities that choose to access the Site from other locations outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.Your information collected through the Site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we or our subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICYThis Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time. We will notify you by email or on the Site whenever there is a material change in our Privacy Policy. CONTACT INFORMATIONQuestions for clarification of this statement, comments or complaints may be addressed via email to: customersupport@imohealth.com, Intelligent Medical Objects, Inc., 9600 W Bryn Mawr Suite 100, Rosemont, Illinois 60018, Attn: Customer Service, or 847-613-6655.URPowering care as you intended.Intelligently. Intuitively. Intentionally.Solutions
IMO Portfolio
IMO Core
IMO Core Procedure
IMO Core Periop
IMO Precision Sets
Company
Our Story
Leadership
Careers
Partnerships
Resources
Ideas
Events
FAQs
Contact
Call Us
Email Us
Request A Demo
Support
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Headquarters
9600 West Bryn Mawr Ave. Ste 100, Rosemont, IL 60018
©2020 Intelligent Medical Objects, Inc.Web Design by Solid Digital
Privacy
Terms of Use
This site uses cookies to improve your user experience, analyze site traffic and serve targeted advertisements. By using this site you accept our use of cookies.I agree