https://www.imaginationonline.info/cookie-policy/
Home » Cookie PolicyCOOKIE POLICY: Imaginationoline.info
What’s a cookie?
A “cookie” is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive if you agree to this and which records how you move your way around a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyse traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes.
Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system.
We are required to obtain your consent for all non-essential cookies used on our website. You can block cookies (including essential cookies) at any time by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block essential cookies you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
How do we use cookies?
We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regards how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and / or services in response to what you might need or want.
Cookies are either:
– Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any personal data from your computer; or
– Persistent cookies: a persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again. We may use persistent cookies for Google Analytics
Cookies can also be categorised as follows:
– Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to use the website effectively, such as when buying a product and / or service. Without these cookies, the services available to you on our website cannot be provided. These cookies do not gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
– Performance cookies: These cookies enable us to monitor and improve the performance of our website. For example, they allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and see which parts of the site are most popular.
– Functionality cookies: These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced features. For instance, we may be able to provide you with news or updates relevant to the services you use. They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as viewing a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect is usually anonymised.
– Targeting cookies: These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
– First and third party cookies: First party cookies are cookies set by our website. Third party cookies are cookies on our website that are set by a website other than our website, such as where we have adverts on our website or use Facebook pixels so that we can show you relevant content from us when you are on Facebook.
We use third party cookies on our website and these are set out in the table below
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie Title
Cookie Name
Purpose
Persistent Cookies
CookieConsent
This cookie is essential (necessary) for our site. It stores the user’s cookie consent state for the current domain. This is a persistent cookie
Provider: Imaginationonline.info
HTTP Cookie
Expiry: 1 year.
Mailmunch
Mailmunch_second_pageview
This is a 3rd party cookie which is used to manage the mailing list, if the visitor has subscribed to any newsletters or blog posts. This is a persistent cookie Provider: Imaginationonline.info
HTTP Cookie
Expiry: 1 year.
Mailmunch
_mailmunch_visitor_id
This is a 3rd party cookie which is used to manage the mailing list, if the visitor has subscribed to any newsletters or blog posts. This is a persistent cookie Provider: Imaginationonline.info
HTTP Cookie
Expiry: 1 year.
Paypal
SessionID#27
This is a 3rd party cookie which is used to manage the mailing list, if the visitor has subscribed to any newsletters or blog posts. This is a persistent secure cookie
Provider: Paypal.com
HTTP Cookie Secure
Expiry: 1 Day
akavpau_ppsd
This is a 3rd party cookie provided by Paypal. The cookie is used in context with transactions on the website. The cookie is necessary for secure transactions.
Provider: Paypal.com
HTTP Cookie Secure
Expiry: Session
AKA_MVT_ID
This cookie is provided by Paypal. This cookie stores visitor credentials in an encrypted cookie in order to allow the visitor to stay logged in on re-entry, if the visitor has accepted the ‘stay logged in’-button.
Provider: Paypalobjects.com
HTTP Cookie Secure
Expiry: 1 Day
AKA_MVT_BUTTONS
This cookie stores visitor credentials in an encrypted cookie in order to allow the visitor to stay logged in on re-entry, if the visitor has accepted the ‘stay logged in’-button.
Provider: Paypalobjects.com
HTTP Cookie
Expiry: 6 Days
1/associates-ads/1/OP/r/json
Used to present the visitor with relevant content and advertisement – The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers.
Provider: amazon-adsytem.com
Pixel Tracker Secure
Expiry: Session
1/associates-ads/1/OP
This is an unclassified cookie.
Provider: amazon-adsytem.com
Pixel Tracker Secure
Expiry: Session
e/ir
This is an unclassified cookie.
Provider: amazon-adsytem.com
Pixel Tracker Secure
Expiry: Session
AWSESS
Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement – This also allows the website to limit the number of times that the visitor is shown the same advertisement.
Provider: awin1.com
HTTP cookie
Expiry: Session
The following cookies may be used from time to time but as of July 2019 were not active on the website.:
Universal Analytics (Google)
_ga
_gali
_gat
_gid
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
YouTube cookies
PREF*
VSC*
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE*
remote_sid*
We embed videos from our official YouTube channel using YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode. This mode may set cookies on your computer once you click on the YouTube video player, but YouTube will not store personally-identifiable cookie information for playbacks of embedded videos using the privacy-enhanced mode.
Read more at YouTube’s embedding videos information page.PREF – * Expires after eight months
VSC – * expires at the end of your session
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE – *expires after eight months
remote_sid – * expires at the end of your session
You can alter your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the Cookie policy and adjusting the sliders to “off”. Please refresh your page to ensure that the new settings have taken effect.
You can also control your cookie settings through your web browser.
You can opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
If you have any questions about the cookies that we use, feel free to email us at helen@imaginationonline.info
Updated July 2019
Contact Imagination
2 Downlands, Harrietsham
Kent UK
ME17 1LE
+44 (0) 7725 576472
helen@imaginationonline.info
Find out more about how our site works and how we put you in control:
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
Tags
Asparagus
Bag Tax
Bra's
Britain on a Plate
Colour
Colour Psychology
Cookery Class
First Aid
Free Download
Funeral
Graduation
Healthy Starter Programme
Home Demonstration
hosiery
Jute Bag
Let's Mix Again
Lupita Nyong'o
Meal Plan
Orange
Party Dressing Tips
Pasta
Pink
raincoat
Recipe Collection
Recipe Ideas
Recipe Platform
Recipe Review
Red
Review
Shopping
spring2016
stockings
Thermomix
Thermomix TM5
tights
TM5
TM5 Britian on a Plate
top tips
Turtleneck
warobe planning
Water
What no to Wear
What to Wear
White
Winter Warmers
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
error: Content is protected !!