http://www.flightsafety.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Revision: 1.7
Date: August 20, 2020
Home
FlightSafety International Privacy Policy
As both a data controller and data processor, FlightSafety International values the importance of protecting your privacy and personal data and is committed to compliance with global data protection laws including, but not limited to, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). To ensure transparency and security, our privacy notices, privacy policy, cookie policy and privacy consent forms are designed to inform you about the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data processed by us.
Please note that if you enter into a relationship with us as a teammate, prospective teammate, customer, client or contractor you may enter into a separate agreement that will govern the processing of your information and data collected by FlightSafety International in connection with the relationship, including some data collected through our websites, systems and mobile applications. Such agreements take precedence over any conflicting provision in this Privacy Policy.
Categories of Personal Data:
Depending on the nature of your relationship with FlightSafety International we may collect and process (see When to Contact Us):
Personal Data – Information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Protected Health Information – Information relating to individually-identifiable health status, provision of health care, or payment for health care.
Sensitive Personal Data – Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation or any data that would trigger a breach notification.
Criminal Data – Data relating to criminal convictions and offences or related security measures.
Direct Marketing:
FlightSafety will only contact you by electronic means (email or SMS) with information about goods or services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or discussions of a sale to you or if you have consented to this by subscribing or providing consent.
FlightSafety provides the opportunity to opt out of receiving these direct marketing communications at any time by clicking on the relevant link or by using our website contact form.
If you tell us that you do not want to receive any further direct marketing from us, we will not contact you further for the purpose of direct marketing. However, FlightSafety will not necessarily remove your personal data from its database(s) if it considers it is fair and necessary to retain the personal data to ensure you are no longer contacted or for another lawful purposes.
Technical and Organizational Data Protection:
FlightSafety International implements commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk and to protect your personal data against abuse and loss.
FlightSafety utilizes the 20 controls in the Center for Internet Security’s Critical Security Controls as the baseline for determining the minimum level of information security that all organizations that collect or maintain personal information should meet.
FlightSafety’s processes, policies, procedures and network architecture design focus on ensuring confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience.
We store such data in secure environments protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
We provide annual training to our employees on data protection and information security best practices.
While we use all reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.
A copy of our Information Security Program Overview is available by contacting our Data Protection Officer at DataProtection@FlightSafety.com.
Cookies:
We use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience.
You have the ability to review the cookies used on our websites.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies that are not necessary for the website to function.
Our full Cookie Policy is available on www.flightsafety.com.
Third Party Content:
Our websites may also include social media features. Such features are provided by third-party social media platforms such as LinkedIn, Twitter, or Facebook. Where data is collected this way, its processing is governed by the privacy policy of the respective social media platforms.
Our content may link to third party websites to provide relevant references. We are not responsible for such external content, which may contain separate privacy policies and data processing disclosures.
International Data Transfers:
The nature of our operations requires us to transfer and receive data from locations outside of the United States.
In order to transfer our data between FlightSafety locations and to government agencies for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, FlightSafety relies on on e or more of the following depending upon the countries involved:
Third Country Adequate Level of Protection
Standard Data Protection Clauses
Contract Performance
Your Consent
Legal Claims
For more information see our Privacy Notice on www.flightsafety.com.
GDPR Registration and DPO:
For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) FlightSafety is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United Kingdom and our Data Protection Officer is based out of our Farnborough, UK office.
Website Hosting and Data Location:
Our websites, physical data centers, and cloud data centers are hosted in the United States.
www.flightsafety.com
www.flightsafetyacademy.com
www.flightbag.com
www.flightsafetysurvey.com
www.flightsafetytextronaviationtraining.com
Children:
With the exception of our STEM courses that are available at select High Schools in the United States, FlightSafety’s products and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect information on our website or mobile applications about children under 16.
Personal data of children under 16 is only collected with explicit parental consent and only when necessary for legitimate business purposes.
Retention Of Personal Information:
The retention time of the personal data we collect and process varies both due to the requirements of the specific processing activity and due to the requirements imposed by law and/or governmental authorities.
More information is available by contacting our Data Protection Officer at DataProtection@FlightSafety.com
Privacy Policy Updates:
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time without prior notice.
Upon a change in policy, we will alert you with a conspicuous website banner notice.
Use the “Last Updated” date in this policy and the Revision Log to determine when and what changed.
When To Contact Us:
You can receive more detailed information, exercise the rights outlined in our Privacy Notice, or file a complaint at any time by contacting our Data Protection Officer (see How to Contact Us).
How To Contact Us:
You can reach Tracey Clough, Data Protection Officer at DataProtection@FlightSafety.com or
Direct Dial at 1-929-208-4042
Toll-free at 1-844-731-7124
Contact Our Corporate Headquarters:
FlightSafety International
290 Broadhollow Road, Suite 402 E
Melville, NY  11747-4818
United States of America
(718) 565-4100
Privacy Policy Revision Log
Company History
FlightSafety International
Corporate Headquarters
290 Broadhollow Road, Suite 402 E
Melville, NY  11747-4818  USA
+1 718.565.4100 • 1.800.877.5343
Name*
Email*
Phone
Company
Where did you hear about us
Question*
By checking this box I consent to FlightSafety collecting, storing and processing the information I provide on this form solely for the purpose of responding to my request. I understand that it may be necessary for FlightSafety to disclose the information that I provide to others within its organization in order to properly respond to my request and I hereby consent to such disclosure and any associated transfers. I have reviewed the Privacy Notice and Privacy Policy and understand my rights with respect to the processing of this data. I understand that I can withdraw my consent regarding this request at any time by contacting our Data Protection Officer at dataprotection@FlightSafety.com.*
A Berkshire Hathaway company