http://www.medicalmodalities.com/privacy-statement/
Medical Modalities
Just another WordPress weblog
Online Payments
Patient Products
Medical Professional Products
HomeAir Fluidized TherapyInsurance CoverageCase StudiesEmploymentAbout UsContact Us
Home
|Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form or use Live Chat.
WhenÂ making paymentsÂ on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Â
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
Â To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
Â To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you make a payment -
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.Â
Third party links
Â Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Electrotherapy
Orthopedic
Support Surfaces
Clinical Products
FAQs
How to Use Equipment
1.800.849.2716
Medical Modalities | 325 McGill Ave Suite 195 | Concord, North Carolina 28027 | Voice: 800-849-2716 | Fax: 800-953-4487 | info@medicalmodalities.com
Home
Contact Us
News & Events
Privacy Statement
© 2020 Medical Modalities. All rights reserved