http://www.ttra.com/privacy
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
Search this website
contact
member login
Home » Privacy PolicyTravel and Tourism Research Association (TTRA) Privacy Policy – Modified 02-19-2018
What information do we collect?
We collect personally identifiable information from you when you register on our site or place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. We collect non-personally identifiable information (such as general location data based on your internet protocol (IP) address or interactions with the site’s advertisements) through the use of cookies. Cookies do not collect any personally identifiable information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the personally identifiable information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions – Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails – The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information about Association activities and events. We use the non-personally identifiable information to personalize information for a visitor to our site as well as to monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, we use cookies, which are small files on a browser in your device (such as a computer or mobile phone). Most browsers automatically accept cookies but you can change the browser preference setting on your device to prevent that from happening.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing purposes.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent; Opt-Out of Certain Cookies
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy. If you wish to opt out of cookies, please visit http://dc.arrivalist.com/optout/.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date above.
Questions? Please contact info@ttra.com.
Travel and Tourism Research Association, 5300 Lakewood Road, Whitehall, MI 49461 USA
FooterMembership
Member Resources
Chapters
Events
Insights
About
2206 Village West Dr. S., Lapeer, MI 48446 USA
Email: info@ttra.com Tel: 248.708.8872
Privacy Policy / © 2020 TTRA. All right reserved. / Admin