http://www.firstaffirmative.com/privacy?hsLang=en
A message from our CEO, Steve Wallman, on Goldman Sachs’ planned acquisition of Folio Financial Learn More
Advisor Login |
Client Login
About
Leadership Team
Industry Collaborations
Contact Us
For Advisors
Guiding Values
Work With Us
AffirmativESG
For Investors
Find an Advisor
Individual Investors
Family Offices
Foundations & Endowments
Sustainable Investment Solutions
ESG Investing
Shareowner Advocacy
Community Investing
News & Thought Leadership
Privacy
Personal Information
To improve the quality of our website, we collect data about site traffic and page use. Our site may track the types of browsers that visit and how often our pages are viewed. The site uses cookies only for session status and does not store any personal information with cookies.
As a visitor to our website, you may have access to certain features without providing any personal information. To access other features, you may have to register and provide us with personal information, such as your name or e-mail address. Once you become a registered user we may collect additional information when you use our website to help us improve our services. We restrict access to personal information to our employees and service providers for legitimate business purposes only. We use information to assist in providing products or services to you.
You can view our complete Privacy Policy here. Our Privacy Policy does not extend to external links or third parties. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and/or any of our Terms at any time, without advanced warning, by updating our Privacy Policy document and/or by making changes to respective pages on our website.
Changes to Information
In some cases you may be able to update information that you provide to us. This may require using a unique username and password. Also, where the capability exists, you may request that we modify or delete information we have gathered during your visit to our website.
Security
We maintain procedures and utilize technology designed to prevent unauthorized access to personal information. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural protections in accordance with applicable regulations to protect personal information. All information used or collected by our site is stored on servers and databases that are protected by firewall technology and inaccessible via the internet without proper security authentication.
Your password is your private entry key to the logged in section of this website. To provide additional protection for your personal information, if you are logged in and unactive on the site for 20 minutes, you will be automatically logged out. If you lose or forget your password, you can follow the "Forgot your information?" link. The password protected part of this website uses a high-grade encryption (AES-256 256 bit) certificate for SSL.
If you have additional questions or would like additional information, please contact us.
Connect With Us
Join Our Mailing List!
Contact Us
Phone: 719.478.7036Fax: 720.836.6401Contact Us
Our Address
First Affirmative5475 Mark Dabling Boulevard, Suite 108Colorado Springs, CO 80918
Legal
TermsPrivacy Policy Disclosures
© First Affirmative Financial Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Discretionary investment advisory and model management services are provided by First Affirmative Financial Network, LLC, a registered investment advisor (SEC# 801-56587) that specializes in environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investing.