http://www.leossouth.com/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting this site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What information is collected & processed?
Leo's South and/or their website service provider (ARI Network Services), may collect and process personal and non-personal information from you when you register on the site, place orders, submit requests for estimates, submit requests for prices, subscribe to newsletters, respond to surveys, interact with internal and external links, or fill out forms. Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.
Additionally, Leo's South compiles and maintains its own customer database, which is separate and apart from information compiled and maintained by ARI Network Services.
What categories of personal information are collected and processed?
We may collect and process the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers such as your real name, alias, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, IP address, and similar identifiers
Select Information in Customer Records including name, address, telephone number, education, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, etc.
Commercial Information such as records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other consuming histories and tendencies
Internet or Electronic Network Activity including but not limited to browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with the Internet website, application, or advertisement
Geolocation Data
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Education Information
Inferences made from any of the above categories to create a profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, predispositions, behavior, abilities, etc.
For what purposes may your information be used?
ARI Network Services exchanges personal and non-personal information with Leo's South for one or more of the following purposes:
To respond to requests for estimates and prices
To answer inquiries regarding services, products, or other information requests
To improve the website based on the information and feedback received from you
To improve customer service by more effectively responding to your customer service requests and support needs
To post public reviews and testimonials you submit
To administer a contest, promotion, survey, or other site feature
To send periodic emails, which will include an option to opt-out anytime by updating your preferences
The email address that you provide for any forms on the website may be used to send information and updates pertaining to your specific request, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
ARI Network Services may exchange or transfer your data to partners as a part of facilitating business between consumers and Leo's South. Except in accordance with this Privacy Policy, ARI Network Services does not sell your personal information without your consent.
How do we collect information?
We obtain personal information from the following sources:
Directly from you through the information you enter on our website forms or disclose through an email
Indirectly through cookies, tracking scripts, web analytics data, interactions with our advertisers, and third-party applications running on our website such as web-based messengers
How to request access, change, move, or delete your personal data?
Use this form to submit a request to access, change, move, or delete personal data collected by ARI Network Services. You may also contact ARI Network Services toll-free at 800-558-9044. You must contact Leo's South for requests regarding personal data collected and processed by Leo's South.
How do I request that my information not be sold?
ARI Network Services does not sell your personal information. You may use this form to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of your information by Leo's South.
Are cookies used?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies are used to help remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Information collected by cookies and other technologies is treated as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local or federal law, these identifiers are also treated as personal information.
Is any information disclosed to outside parties?
Your personal information is not sold to outside parties by ARI Network Services. ARI Network Services may transfer your personal information to outside parties as a part of facilitating normal business between you and Leo's South. Your personal information may be released when the release is necessary to comply with legal requirements. Your personal information may also be released if the disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce the Terms & Conditions of Use or to protect company operations or site users. Non-personal visitor information may be provided to outside parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Third-Party Sites and Services
The website, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. The services may also use or offer products or services from third-parties. Information collected by third-parties, which may include location data or contact details, is governed by each third-party’s respective privacy practices. You are encouraged to read the privacy practices of those third-parties.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Necessary precautions are in place to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. Except for the aforementioned circumstances, your personal information will not be distributed to outside parties without your consent.
California Consumer Privacy Act
This website is in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act. Visitors may request access and changes to their personal information and request that their information is not sold. Per our terms and conditions, users must be sixteen (16) years of age or older to use the website. The website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 16 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect information from anyone under 16 years of age. If it becomes known that information was collected from a child under the age of 16, the necessary steps will be taken to delete the information as soon as reasonably possible.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
This site is in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act); information from anyone under thirteen (13) years of age is not knowingly collected. Per our terms and conditions, users must be sixteen (16) years of age or older to use our website. If it becomes known that information was collected from a child under the age of 16, the necessary steps will be taken to delete the information as soon as reasonably possible.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using the site, you consent to this Privacy Policy.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is reviewed and updated every 12 months as needed, and the changes will be posted prominently to be reviewed by returning visitors.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact Leo's South or ARI Network Services using the information below.
ARI Network Services Contact Information
Address: 10850 West Park Place, Suite 1200, Milwaukee, WI 53224
Website: https://www.arinet.com
{}
[]
An error occured while submitting this form.