http://www.grahamkerry.com/privacy-policy
Home
Features
About us
Contact Us
Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Solution Suppliers Limited (SSL) respects and protects the privacy of its customers. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how we collect and use customers’ information. In this Policy, “personal information” means information that identifies or could be used by or on behalf of SSL to identify an individual, but not including encoded, anonymised, or publicly available data that has not been combined with non-public personal information.
Privacy Policy Effective: 1st March 2018Direct Customers - Personal InformationDirect customers refers to customers who purchased SSL's Software. SSL is the controller of data collected for our direct customers. Where SSL collects personal information directly from its EU customers, it informs them about the purpose for which it collects the data and the uses of their personal information. The information SSL collects and uses is limited to the purpose for which customers engage SSL. When you purchase our solution, we ask for information such as your name, company name and address, phone number, e-mail address, a unique computer identifier and a computer name. SSL may use the personal information and other information we collect about your use of our solution to operate it, tailor it to your needs, for support, identification and authentication purposes, to contact you about your use of our software and send you marketing materials (subject to your opt-out option).In the event of a data breach, SSL will issue a breach notification to the affected parties, without undue delay, and not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it.  Information SharingSSL will not give, sell, rent or loan any personal information to any third party. We may disclose such information to respond to summons, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or act regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.   Access to data and right to be forgottenSSL acknowledges that you have a right to access, correct and delete your personal information. If you are one of our customers or otherwise feel that you need to contact SSL, you may do so using the contact information on our website or at the end of this document. If you contact SSL with such a request, we will respond within a reasonable time frame (30 business days or less).SecurityWe use appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold in our records from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Unfortunately, no company or service can guarantee complete security.  Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. Contact InformationSolution Suppliers Limited12 Granary Wharf Business ParkWetmore RoadBurton Upon TrentDE14 1DUEmail: sales@solutionsuppliers.com
12 Granary Wharf Business ParkWetmore RoadBurton Upon Trent DE14 1DU
+44 (0)845 658 5583
Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter for all the latest news.
Sign Up Now
Share by: