https://www.cpaglobal.com/site-terms
About
Sustainability
Careers
Login
EN-GB
Simplified Chinese
English - Nordics
Contact us
What we do
Solutions
Law Firms
Overview
Increase Practice Profitability
Enhance Client Services
Grow Your Practice
Corporates
Overview
Accuracy & Risk Mitigation
Strategy & Insight
Processes & Efficiency
Software & Services
Patent Search & Analytics Services
Overview
Patentability Search
Freedom to Operate
Invalidity Search
Technology Intelligence Study
Competitor Benchmark
Portfolio Diagnostic
Trademark and Domain Services
Overview
Trademark Search
Trademark Watch
Domain Name Management
Domain Name Watch
Internet Watch
Auction Watch
IP Renewals
Overview
Patent Renewals Service
Trademark Renewals Service
Patent Care Plus
Filing & Prosecution Support
Overview
Docketing Service
European Patent Validations
IDS & Reference Management
Paralegal Services
Recordals Services
Structured Invoice Management
Trademark Filing & Prosecution
IP Diagnostic Consulting
IP Management Software
Overview
Memotech
FoundationIP
Ipendo
Inprotech
Patrawin
The IP Management System
Unycom
IPFolio
IPSSdotNET
Extended Software Suite
Overview
File
Forecast
Renew App
Search App
IP Intelligence Software
Overview
Innography
Explorer
PatentScout
Patent Market Tracker
Citation Eagle
Filing Analytics
Document Management
Idea Management
Resources
Resource Library
Webinars & Events
Case Studies
Blog
About
Sustainability
Careers
Login
EN-GB
Simplified Chinese
English - Nordics
Contact us
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
This web site is the property of CPA Global Limited, registered in Jersey (number: 93743) whose registered office is at Liberation House, Castle Street, St Helier, JE1 1BL, Jersey, or one of its group companies or affiliates. All references throughout these terms and conditions to “CPA Global” refer to CPA Global Limited and to its subsidiary and associate companies. This page (together with the documents referred to on it) sets out the terms and conditions for use of this web site.
The CPA Global group of companies (“CPA Global”) is not a law firm. None of CPA Global’s officers or employees is authorised to practice law or provide legal advice to any of CPA Global’s clients. Accordingly, no attorney-client relationship can be created through the performance of any services by CPA Global. CPA Global intellectual property support services or legal support services are generally provided to lawyers, whether in private practice or working in-house. Any client who requires legal advice should consult a practising lawyer in the relevant jurisdiction(s).
Copyright
This web site, including without limitation the design, text, graphics, software compilations, and underlying source code, is the property of CPA Global Limited and is protected by copyright in the United Kingdom, Jersey, Channel Islands and other countries.
Permission is granted to make electronic copies and to print in hard copy, portions of this web site for the sole purpose of researching or using the services of CPA Global . The status of CPA Global (or that of any identified contributors) as the authors of the materials on this web site should always be acknowledged. Any other use of materials on this web site without the prior written permission of CPA Global is strictly prohibited; this includes but is not limited to modifying, copying, distributing, transmitting, displaying, publishing, selling, licensing, creating derivative works or using any materials available on or through this web site for commercial or public purposes.
Trade Marks
The trade marks, logos and service marks displayed on this web site (“Marks”) (excluding those included in client data records within CPA Direct) are the property of CPA Global or of other parties as acknowledged. Users of and visitors to this web site are prohibited from using any Marks for any purpose (other than those permitted by law) without the express written permission of CPA Global; this includes but is not limited to prohibition from using the Marks as “metatags” on other pages or web sites.
CPA Global is a trade mark of CPA Global Limited (in the former name of Computer Patent Annuities Limited)
Disclaimer
All information contained within this web site is provided for general information purposes only and on the understanding that none of the content herein constitutes legal or other professional advice. The application and impact of laws can vary widely depending on the specific facts involved.
CPA Global has made every attempt to ensure that all information contained within this web site has been obtained from reliable sources, but all such information is provided “as is”, with no guarantee of completeness or accuracy. CPA Global provides no warranty of any kind, express or implied, as regards the information herein, and disclaims all liability and responsibility for any loss that may arise from reliance on information contained within this web site. In the case of a specific problem or query, professional advice should be sought.
Terms of Use
You undertake and agree with CPA Global that you shall at all times use all reasonable endeavours to observe and perform these terms and conditions, and in particular shall not (and shall not permit any employee, sub-contractor or agent to):
use this web site for any illegal purpose, and you agree to use it in accordance with relevant laws in any applicable jurisdiction (including, without limitation, your local law);
upload or transmit through this web site any computer viruses, macro viruses, Trojan horses, worms, or anything designed to interfere with or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer;
upload or transmit through this web site any material which is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene or menacing character, or that may cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety;
use this web site in a way that may cause this web site to be interrupted, damaged or rendered less efficient, or may impair the effectiveness or functionality of this web site;
use this web site in any manner which violates or infringes the rights or any person, firm or company (including but not limited to, rights of intellectual property, rights of confidentiality or rights of privacy);
interfere with or diminish (whether by act or omission) CPA Global’s right, title and interest (or that of our licensors) in the web site and the products and services available on it.
Links
Certain links within this web site connect to other web sites maintained by third parties over whom CPA Global has no control, and such links are provided for reference and information purposes only. Specifically, such a link does not constitute authorisation to access such other web site; nor does it constitute any endorsement by CPA Global of any material held on such other web site, nor any representation as to the accuracy of information contained within such other web site. CPA Global specifically disclaims any responsibility or liability for access to, or the material on, any web site which is linked from or to this web site and which incorporates these terms and conditions.
Our web site changes regularly
CPA Global updates this web site regularly and so may change the content at any time. If the need arises, CPA Global have the option to suspend this web site or to close it indefinitely.
Information about you and your visits to this web siteCPA Global process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Transactions concluded through this web site
Contracts for the supply of products, services or information formed through this web site or as a result of visits made by you to this web site are governed by the terms and conditions of supply applicable to the relevant products, services or information and which are available on the relevant page(s) of this web site and which incorporate these terms and conditions.
Linking to our web site
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and which does not damage CPA Global’s reputation or take advantage of it. In particular, you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on CPA Global’s part where none exists. This web site must not be framed on any other web site, nor should you establish a link to any part of this web site other than the home page. CPA Global reserves the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Jurisdiction and applicable law
The Royal Courts of Jersey will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from or related to a visit to this web site although CPA Global retains the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these terms and conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country. Jersey Law will apply to these terms and conditions.
Your concerns
If you have any concerns about material which appears on CPA Global’s web site please complete our online contact form.
Thank you for visiting our web site.