https://www.4thcorner.com/index.php/terms-of-use/
Home
Login Here
Service of Process
Request an Estimate for Service of Process
Process Coverage Area
Process Server Training
Remote Agent Reporting Service
Legal Messenger
Request an Estimate for Legal Messenger
GR-17 Facsimile Filing
Daily Messenger – Bellingham
Daily Messenger – Mt Vernon
How to Set Up Messenger Item
Investigative Services
State Certified Private Investigator Pre-Assignment Training
Professional Education
Process Server Training
Select Page: Where toHome
-- Login Here
Service of Process
-- Request an Estimate for Service of Process
-- Process Coverage Area
-- Process Server Training
-- Remote Agent Reporting Service
Legal Messenger
-- Request an Estimate for Legal Messenger
-- GR-17 Facsimile Filing
-- Daily Messenger – Bellingham
-- Daily Messenger – Mt Vernon
-- How to Set Up Messenger Item
Investigative Services
-- State Certified Private Investigator Pre-Assignment Training
Professional Education
-- Process Server Training
No categories
You are here: Home »
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
RobinKMullins
August 2, 2015
Terms of Use2015-08-02T10:40:47+00:00
TERMS OF USE
4th CornerNetwork, Inc.
This website is owned and operated by 4th Corner Network, Inc., (hereinafter 4CNI.
By visiting and using this website you accept these Terms of Use (hereinafter TOU). Please read them carefully and if you disagree with the TOU in any way, then do not use this website.
4CNI reserves the right to post changes to the TOU on this website at any time, and by your continued use of the website thereafter, you agree to be bound by the new version of the TOU. If any TOU changes are not acceptable, you must stop your use of this website. In these TOU, “4th Corner Network, Inc.”, “4CNI”, or “we” refers to 4th Corner Network, Inc., and “User” or “you” refer to each visitor to this website.
If you subscribe to any services offered through this website, you also will be subject to additional terms and conditions (“Terms of Service” or “TOS”) applicable to such services, which will be brought to your attention at that time.
Sites and Services
We do not guarantee that access to or use of this website or any services will be uninterrupted or error free, and 4CNI shall not be liable for any feature not being accessible or for any unavailability of its website and services. The website and its features may be expanded, limited or modified at any time by 4CNI to meet the needs of its Users, or for technical or other reasons, without advance notice or reason. We may also in our sole discretion, and at any time, discontinue providing, temporarily or permanently, any part or all of the website, without notice. To access some of the content or features of the website or its services, Users may need to enhance or update the hardware or Network in their computer systems. 4CNI assumes no responsibility for any failure to access the website or any services, partially or fully, whether due to the User’s system, the Internet network or any other cause.
Minors
We do not provide information or services to minors, and if you are under age 18 you may only use this site with the active involvement of a parent, guardian or other supervising adult.
No Legal Advice
This website does not provide legal advice of any kind. Since each individual’s situation is unique, a qualified attorney should be consulted before making legal decisions of any nature or kind.
Content Limitations
We make no guarantees as to the accuracy, thoroughness or quality of the information on this website, which is provided only on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis at User’s sole risk. This information may be provided by third parties and 4CNI shall not be responsible or liable for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies in the website content. The information provided at this site is neither comprehensive nor appropriate for every individual or situation. Some of the information is relevant only in the State of Washington, USA, and may not be relevant to or compliant with the laws, regulations or other legal requirements of other states or countries. It is your responsibility to determine whether, how, and to what extent your intended use of the information and services will be technically and legally possible in the areas of the world where you intend to use them. You are advised to verify any information before using it for any personal, legal, or business purpose. In addition, the opinions and views expressed in any article on this website are solely those of the author(s) of the article and do not reflect the opinions of 4CNI or its management. The website content and services may be modified at any time by us, without advance notice or reason, and 4CNI shall have no obligation to notify you of any corrections or changes to any website content.
License to Use Content
We grant you a limited personal use license to access, display, download, format and print portions of this website content solely for your own personal non-commercial use, provided that the content is not modified and all proprietary notices are kept intact. You may not reproduce, publish, translate, merge, sell, rent, distribute the content, or create a derivative work of the content on any other website or as part of any educational, training or reference materials without the express written permission of 4CNI. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any content on this website.
Third Party Content
Any testimonials, opinions, advice, product or service offers, or other information or content made available on or through this website by third parties (“Third Party Content”) are solely those of their respective providers and not of 4CNI which does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of Third Party Content. It is the responsibility of the User to evaluate Third Party Content and 4CNI shall not be liable for any damage or loss caused by Users’ reliance on or other use of Third Party Content.
Materials Posted by Users
By posting or submitting any material, you will be:
Granting 4CNI a world-wide fully paid-up non-exclusive license to allow your materials to be edited and displayed by 4CNI on its website, and accessed by Users, for the purposes and on the terms in these TOU,
Agreeing to indemnify and hold harmless 4CNI and its Users from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your materials, and
Representing that you own or otherwise have the right to post the materials, that the materials are accurate, that use of the materials on the 4CNI website does not violate any laws, and that the materials will not cause injury to any person. 4CNI shall have the right to use your name in connection with your posted materials.
You give 4CNI, and 4CNI reserves, the right to refuse to post or remove posted material for any reason or no reason.
Viruses, Malware, and Malicious Network
4CNI does not guarantee that files available for downloading through this website will be free of infection or viruses or other code that may have contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for integrity, security and accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the site for the reconstruction of any lost data.
Advertisers Are Not Endorsed
Though we seek to partner with quality companies, we are not responsible for the claims or representations made by advertisers and sponsors. 4CNI does not review, endorse or recommend the products or services of any company mentioned on our site. We will not be liable in any way for damages of any kind resulting from the misuse of any personal information or data submitted by you to an advertiser or sponsor.
Links
As a convenience to Users, the 4CNI website and services may provide links to other sites or resources. 4CNI shall not be responsible or liable for use of or reliance on any content, products, services or information at such sites or resources. Inclusion of any links does not imply any endorsement, affiliation, approval, association or sponsorship by 4CNI of the linked websites, resources, their operators or owners. When you select a link, you may be leaving our website. The information available on third parties’ websites may have certain restrictions on its use or distribution which differ from these TOU.
Password Protected Areas
Some areas of the 4CNI site (“Password Protected Areas”) are password protected and available only to Users who are registered with 4CNI to have an account. Registration requires Users to fully complete the account registration process. 4CNI reserves the right to deny or revoke registration or access to Password Protected Areas for any User at any time. 4CNI takes reasonable measures to ensure the security of the Password Protected Areas but cannot and does not guarantee the absolute security of information or communications in such Password Protected Areas. Users are responsible for maintaining the security of the password they receive from 4CNI and must notify us if they believe that the security of their password or account has been breached or subject to unauthorized use. 4CNI will not be liable for any loss or liability incurred as a result of an unauthorized person using a User’s password.
Prohibited Conduct
The following activities are strictly prohibited:
Spamming, advertising, soliciting or political campaigning
Personal attacks on or abuse of any members, moderators, or administrators of a forum
Postings for any unlawful or fraudulent purpose (including links)
Posting of personal information (for yourself or anyone else)
Phishing
Posting materials containing viruses or other malicious or destructive code
Posting of offensive content including profanity, obscenity, racist or pornographic material
Posting of any materials that are defamatory or infringe any person’s rights
At the sole determination of 4CNI, any User found in violation of this section or any section of these TOU may have their account terminated without notice.
Privacy
This website may collect personal information from some Users. Because 4CNI respects the privacy of its Users and their personal information, it has established the 4CNI Privacy Policy to protect your personal information.
Communications
When you visit our website or send us email, our responses to your communications will be by e-mail. All agreements, notices and communications that we provide to you by email will satisfy all legal requirements that they be in writing and delivered to you. 4CNI will have the right to disclose any email sent by a User, or any objectionable material, to comply with legal process or to protect the rights or property of 4CNI, its customers, suppliers and Users.
Proprietary Rights
The 4CNI website and its content are protected by copyright, trade mark and other proprietary laws. See our Copyright Notice.
Services
Although 4CNI offers services in many parts of the world, certain 4CNI services may not be available in or suitable for certain countries or locales. We reserve the right to discontinue or to make changes to, any of our services at any time without advance notice.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
4CNI DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE AND ITS SERVICES, OR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS OR CURRENTNESS OF ITS CONTENT, IN ANY WAY AND FOR ANY PURPOSE.
EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
IN NO EVENT WILL 4CNI BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF ITS SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR LOSS OF DATA, EVEN IF 4CNI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE.
EXCLUSION OF LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS
BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS 4CNI’S LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
General
These TOU, and any applicable TOS, constitute the entire agreement between each User and 4CNI governing the User’s access to and use of the website and its services, and supersede all prior agreements regarding its subject matter. The TOU shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington, USA, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of laws. Each User hereby agrees to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts Whatcom County of the State of Washington, USA. The failure by a User or 4CNI to exercise any right or to enforce any provision of the TOU shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the TOU is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the court shall give effect to the intentions reflected in the provision to the degree possible, and the other provisions of the TOU will remain in full force and effect. It is the express will of 4CNI and each User that the TOU and any applicable TOS have been prepared in English.
Products
Pay Specific Amount
Pay for Diligence Investigations
Pay for Service of Process
Contact Us 4th Corner Network, Inc.
110 Prospect St
Bellingham, WA 98225
360-671-2455
4th Corner Network, Inc.
317 S 2nd St #125
Mt Vernon, WA 98273
360-336-5711
special@4thcorner.com
Drop Us a Note
Comments or questions are welcome.
* indicates required field
Name:*
Email:*
Telephone Number
Subject:*
Are there any other requirements?*
CAPTCHA Code:*
Upload Service of Process and Classic Forms
Upload New Service Assignment
Adobe Acrobat Service of Process Form
MS Word Service of Process Form
Request an Estimate for Service of Process
Online monitoring system is unavailable at this time.
Forms for Legal Messenger Upload New GR-17 Filing
Classic Adobe Acrobat Form for Legal Messenger
Classic MS Word Form for Legal Messenger
Request for Estimate for Legal Messenger
Calculators
Witness Fee Calculator for Whatcom, Skagit, and Island Counties
Date Calculator - Start Dates - End Dates - Time Spans
December 2020
S
M
T
W
T
F
S
12345
6789101112
13141516171819
20212223242526
2728293031
Professional Memberships Washington Association of Legal Investigators
National Association of Professional Process Servers
Center for Process Server Education
Washington State Process Servers Association
This site protect by WordFence security software Our WordFence security plugin provides the best protection available for our website. Powered by the constantly updated Threat Defense Feed, WordFence Firewall stops us from getting hacked. Wordfence Scan leverages the same proprietary feed, alerting us quickly in the event our site is compromised. A deep set of additional tools round out the most comprehensive WordPress security solution available.
For more information about WordFence use the link below.
WordFence Security Software