https://www.golifestore.com/about/legal/online-privacy-and-security
Skip to content
Home
About
Legal
Current:
Online Privacy and Security
Online Privacy and Security
Privacy Statement
LifeStore Bank’s Web Site includes sections that are public (not password protected) and areas that are password protected (i.e. individual customer banking areas). In the public areas, LifeStore Bank does not collect identifying information about visitors to our site. We may use standard software to collect non-identifying information about our visitors, such as (1) date and time our site was accessed (2) IP address (3) Web browser used (4) city, state and country.
The bank uses this information to determine the level of interest in information available on our website. LifeStore Bank has implemented procedures to help assure that only authorized LifeStore Bank employees may view the information you share with us. This is accomplished by limiting access to that information to only those employees having a legitimate business purpose for viewing or responding to your information or inquiries. The privacy of your financial information is of utmost importance to LifeStore Bank.
Security Statement
LifeStore Bank’s Internet Banking System brings together a combination of industry-approved security technologies to protect data for the Bank and for you, our customer. This includes password authenticated system entry, a digital ID certifying SSL encrypted security for the Bank’s server, and a router loaded with a firewall to regulate server traffic.
Secure Environment
You can feel secure knowing your personal information is protected from unauthorized use. Our system ensures that data exchanged between your PC and our computers is encrypted with 128-bit encryption. Encryption is accomplished through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which utilizes mathematical formulas to “encrypt” or hide information from prying eyes on the Internet.
Our computer system does not connect directly to the Internet. It is isolated from the network by a “firewall”. A firewall is a combination of software and hardware products that control and limit the access that outside computers have to the bank’s internal networks and databases. Your transactions are as safe as current technology allows them to be.
Secure Login
To enter the Internet Banking System the user must key in a login ID and a password. Login IDs and passwords are isolated from the Internet by being stored on a secure computer. This way the passwords and login IDs can never be accessed or downloaded by anyone on the Internet. Our system uses a lockout mechanism to deter users from repeated login attempts.
After a specified number of unsuccessful login attempts, the system locks the user out. No one at the Bank knows or has access to your password.
Customer Responsibilty
You will be responsible for maintaining your Login ID and password. When you receive your initial Login ID from LifeStore Bank you will be responsible for changing the initial Login ID and password to your personally selected ID and password. Be sure to never give out your password to anyone. Memorize it or write it down and keep in a safe place where no one has access to it.
Remember, e-mail is not a secure method of communication. We recommend that you do not send confidential, personal, or financial information by e-mail.
Privacy of Children
LifeStore Bank respects the privacy of children and has procedures in place to protect the confidentiality and security of personal information inadvertently collected from any child in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Links to a notice of our information practices with regard to children are posted on our home page and in areas where personal information may be collected from children. LifeStore Bank will seek verifiable parental consent before any collection, use, or disclosure of personal information from any child, unless the information being collected is exempt under the COPPA Act.
×