https://www.absolutecal.co.uk/privacy_cookies_policy.html
Shop | On-Line Help Desk
02392 321712
Home
About Us
Calibration
Onsite Services
Quality
Customer Support
News
Contact Us
Search for
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice
Version 2 – May 2018
Absolute Calibration collects data from visitors throughout the website experience. This is largely to provide interactive functionality that would otherwise be impossible without collecting the minimum amount of data. Some data is also used to analyse your experience anonymously to improve the website experience.
Absolute Calibration respects your privacy so we will not sell your data to third parties, allow any access to the data that isn’t necessary to honour any other contracts we have in place or store excessive amounts of data we no longer need.
Absolute Calibration will comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU May 25th 2018).
Definitions
Data Subject – any living person.
Third Party – another company who Absolute Calibration works with to provide services to the Data Subject.
Personally Identifiable Information – data belonging to the Data Subject that can be used to uniquely identify them.
Data Controller – any organisation that stores Personally Identifiable Information, E.g. Absolute Calibration.
Data Processor – any organisation that works on (processes) Personally Identifiable Information.
How we obtain your data
Absolute Calibration collects data from the Data Subject during the usage of this website. Some of that data may be Personally Identifiable Information. This may be entered into web forms or provided to the website by the browser (such as IP address).
Absolute Calibration may also obtain Personally Identifiable Information about the Data Subject from a Third Party as part of a contract to work with that data.
How we use your data
Absolute Calibration primarily uses data from the Data Subject either to serve a contract between Absolute Calibration and the Data Subject, or to provide necessary functionality on this website.
Absolute Calibration may also collect additional data to satisfy other legal requirements, such as is required for e-commerce.
Third Parties which have access to the data collected
Absolute Calibration works with several Third Parties to provide the service the Data Subject receives.
In all cases there is either an explicit contract in place between Absolute Calibration and the Third Party, Terms and Conditions or another legally binding relationship.
The data will likely be shared with:
Alphabet Inc (Google) – a suite of Google Tools is used by Absolute Calibration.
Intergage Ltd – website host/provider.
The data may be shared with:
Sage (Accounts) – accounting tool used for tracking and invoicing customers.
Paypal – use of payment services.
The data is also rarely shared with the following:
Mobile phones – our staff may enter your contact number into their phones for the purpose of a meeting and will then erase the number after the meeting.
Marketing
Absolute Calibration does not share your data with any Third Parties for marketing purposes unless the Data Subject has explicitly opted in.
Third Party Cookies
Absolute Calibration can largely operate without the use of third party cookies. However, in many cases third party cookies improve the website experience.
Absolute Calibration will not add social sharing buttons to the page unless the Data Subject has explicitly opted in to social cookies.
Absolute Calibration will not include any tracking systems unless the Data Subject has explicitly opted in to tracking cookies.
Absolute Calibration will allow Google Analytics to operate on this website in order to provide necessary anonymous analytical data. This may result in a small amount of Personally Identifiable Information being collected but this is only used as statistics and not for identification purposes.
Data Security and Storage
Absolute Calibration will store data for only as long as necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was obtained. Some data may be held for longer if it is either held on other systems that have not been updated, in backup data that has not expired or because of another lawful basis.
Absolute Calibration takes security seriously and makes use of technology where feasible to secure data and protect against breaches.
Personal data protection principles
We adhere to the principles relating to processing of Personal Data set out in the GDPR (as follows) which require Personal Data to be:
(a)          processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner (Lawfulness, Fairness and Transparency)
(b)          collected only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes (Purpose Limitation)
(c)           adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which it is processed (Data Minimisation)
(d)          accurate and where necessary kept up to date (Accuracy)
(e)          not kept in a form which permits identification of Data Subjects for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data is processed (Storage Limitation)
(f)           processed in a manner that ensures its security using appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage (Security, Integrity and Confidentiality)
(g)          not transferred to another country without appropriate safeguards being in place (Transfer Limitation)
(h)          made available to Data Subjects and Data Subjects allowed to exercise certain rights in relation to their Personal Data (Data Subject's Rights and Requests).
Data Subject's rights and requests
Data Subjects have rights when it comes t0o how Absolute Calibration handles their Personal Data. These include rights to:
withdraw consent to processing at any time
receive certain information about the Data Controller's Processing activities
request access to their personal data that we hold
prevent our use of their personal data for direct marketing purposes
ask us to erase personal data if it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed or to rectify inaccurate data or to complete incomplete data
restrict processing in specific circumstances
challenge processing which has been justified on the basis of our legitimate interests or in the public interest
object to decisions based solely on automated processing, including profiling (ADM)
prevent processing that is likely to cause damage or distress to the Data Subject or anyone else
be notified of a personal data breach which is likely to result in high risk to their rights and freedoms
make a complaint to the supervisory authority
receive or ask for their personal data to be transferred to a third party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
Hyperlinks to Other Websites
Absolute Calibration may provide links on our site that direct to external, third party websites.
We have no control over the content other sites, nor the usage of information they gather.
We recommend that you always review the privacy policies at any third party sites you visit; they may not follow the same policies as us.
Updates to our Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice will be reviewed regularly and this page will be updated with changes.
Contacting the Data Protection Officer (DPO)
If you have any concerns about how Personally Identifiable Information is used by Absolute Calibration please contact:
David Abbott, Managing Director
Absolute Calibration, 14 Murrills Estate, Portchester PO16 9RD
T: 02392 321712 E: calit@absolute-cal.co.uk
Edit Your Marketing Channel Options
How this information is used
Your data will not be shared with third parties
You will only be contacted via the channels you have opted in to
Your data will only be stored for these purposes
Necessary Cookies:
Necessary Cookies are required for the normal function of this website. These cookies can be disabled in the browser settings.
Analytical Cookies:
Enabling Analytical Cookies provides information that helps us to improve the website
Tracking Cookies:
Tracking Cookies allow us to understand your flow and interaction through the website so we can make improve navigation
Social Cookies:
Enabling Social Cookies turns on Social Sharing buttons throughout the site
What We
Calibrate
DC Voltage & Current
Resistance
AC Voltage & Current
Capacitance & Inductance
Time & Frequency
Microwave & RF
Temperature
Humidity
Pressure & Vacuum
Torque, Force & Crimp Tools
On-Site Calibration
General Purpose Instruments
Absolute Calibration
14 Murrills Estate,
Portchester,
Hampshire,
PO16 9RD, UK.Home | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us
Absolute Calibration has been certified by BSI to ISO9001 and ISO14001 under certificate numbers Q05171, EMS639069
© 2020 Absolute Calibration | Powered by Intergage