http://www.jeroccoassociates.com/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY - JER HR Group's committment
Skip to content
(866) 475-7687facebooktwitterlinkedininfo@jerhrgroup.com
Search for:
COMPENSATION
WORKFORCE
LEADERSHIP
HR SERVICES
RECRUITINGCOMPLIANCEASSESSMENT
RESOURCES
BLOGWHITE PAPERSNEWSLETTERBROCHURESABOUT US
MEET OUR TEAMOUR CLIENTSCONTACT
Loading...
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date August 1, 2018
PRIVACY POLICYJER HR Group2020-03-30T12:23:57-04:00
JER HR Group is committed to protecting your privacy while visiting this site. While using our website, you do not have to identify yourself or disclose any personal information. Any personal information that is collected is used and disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT
JER HR Group collects and uses personal information that you provide to us to deliver communications and services to you.  We may ask for your name, company name, address, telephone number, email address, and other pertinent business information relevant to potential service. By providing this information you are voluntarily, and knowingly, choosing to provide this information to our company.
We use the information you provide to respond to your requests and/or to send you information and updates from JER HR Group. We will not sell, rent or share our email list, or other personal contact information that you have provided, with other organizations. You can subscribe to our email list through the pages on this site. If at any time you chose to opt-out of our email list you may do so by clicking the UNSUBSCRIBE button located at the bottom of the email you received or by contacting us.
Non-identifiable website visitor data may be collected and used in aggregate to help shape, direct, and improve the content of the website and your experience interacting with JER HR Group online.
COOKIES
This website uses cookies, which are small files stored on your computer or mobile device which collect information about your browsing behavior. These cookies do not access information which is stored on your computer.
There are two types of cookies, Persistent cookies (i.e., cookies that remain valid until their expiration date, unless deleted by the user before that date) and Session cookies (i.e., cookies that are stored on a web browser and remain valid until the moment when the browser is closed). We may use both Persistent and Session cookies. We use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about our website traffic and interactions so we can continue to offer better experiences for our website users.
Most Internet browsers accept cookies automatically, although you are able to change your browser settings to control cookies, including whether or not you accept them, and how to remove them. You may also be able to set your browser to advise you if you receive a cookie, or to block or delete cookies.
IP ADDRESSES AND LOG FILE DATA
The IP address is the location of your computer or network on the Internet. Your IP address is automatically logged for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We also use page hits in the aggregate to track the popularity of pages that people visit in order to improve the quality of the site. There is no personal information collected in our log files.
REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION
If you request information using our online form, you will be asked for contact information such as your name, company, telephone number and email address. Representatives of JER HR Group may contact you. We may also use your contact information to mail or email material to you.
CHILDREN
This site is not intended to solicit personal information from individuals under 18. JERHRGroup.com does not contain content that is not suitable for young children.
LINKS
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that JER HR Group is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. When you access another website through the links on our website, the use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personally identifiable information.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
JER HR Group reserves the right to modify, revise, or otherwise amend this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. Unless we specifically obtain your consent, any changes to the Privacy Policy will only impact the information collected on or after the date of the change. It is your responsibility to periodically check this page for any modification, revision or amendment.
CONSENT
By visiting and using JERHRGroup.com, you consent to the collection and use of information as it is disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
QUESTIONS REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If you have questions about our Privacy Policy, the information we have collected from you online or your interaction with this website, please contact us.
TERM OF USE: COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The materials displayed on this website, including but not limited to all written text, artwork, and other digital materials are the property of JER HR Group. The intellectual property rights of the respective owner of specific programs, assessment tools, reports, or other information, materials or images referenced on this website with permission remain with their respective owner.
Company and product names reference on this website are registered trademarks and the property of their respective owner in the United States and other countries. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on the website.
JER HR Group
646-453-7560
112 W. 34thStreet, 18thFloor
New York, NY 10120
info@jerhrgroup.com
LET’S TALK ABOUT PEOPLE, IDEAS, AND SOLUTIONS.
If you want to recruit, engage, develop, and retain the best team in the business, get in touch with us.
Toll Free: (866) 475-7687
NEW YORK OFFICE
112 W. 34th Street 18th Floor New York, NY 10120
NORTH CAROLINA OFFICE
216-4 S. Swing Road Greensboro, NC 27409
TRAINING NETWORK
6801 Pleasant Pines Drive Suite 103 Raleigh, NC 27613
(800) 397-5215
Copyright 2019 JER HR Group | All Rights Reserved | Subscribe | Privacy Policy | Contact