https://www.cganet.com/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Effective Date: November 20, 2019
Privacy Statement for Compressed Gas Association
The Compressed Gas Association (CGA) respects your privacy.  This Privacy Statement is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of the information that you submit to us and that we collect from you through our website cganet.com (the “Web Site”) and other websites owned and operated by CGA. We may amend this Privacy Statement from time to time, which will be posted on the CGA site. We encourage you to check our Privacy Notice regularly to understand how we may process your Personal Information.
Personal Information
For purposes of this Privacy Statement, Personal Information is information about you that can be used to identify you, such as your name, postal address, email address, phone number, credit card number and expiration date, as well as other non-public information that is associated with that information.
Information Collection
We collect and use Personal Information to better tailor the features, performance, and support of our products, services, and Web Site, and to offer you additional information about our products and services, including:
When you register for an account or interact with or utilize our products or services. We collect Personal Information when you use or interact with our Web Site and services, including when you register with us, browse our products, content, and services online, or make purchases from us.  This Personal Information may include name, address, phone number, username and password, email address, date of birth, location data, and payment information.
When you communicate with us or sign up for promotional materials. We collect Personal Data when you communicate with us or sign up to receive publications, subscriptions, promotional materials, or other information.
When we collect data from third parties or publicly-available sources. We may obtain certain data about you from third-party sources to help us provide and improve the Services and for marketing and advertising.  We may combine your Personal Data with data we obtain from our Services, other users, or third parties to enhance your experience and improve the Services.
Information Use and Disclosure
Our policy is to not share personal information, such as addresses, phone numbers, or other personal data or identifying information with any parties outside of the Compressed Gas Association unless otherwise described in this Privacy Statement.
We do not share or use your Personal Information to market the products or services of any third party. Your Personal Information may be used to market the products or services of CGA or its subsidiaries.
Unless otherwise provided, CGA may use or disclose Personal Information as follows:
To communicate with you regarding the Services, including to provide you important notices regarding changes to our Privacy Statement and to address and respond to your requests, inquiries, and complaints;
To administer your account, including to verify your identity and to authenticate and authorize access to our services;
To fulfill orders or purchases you have made, contact you in relation to any issues with your order or use of our services, in relation to the provision of our Services, or where we need to provide Personal Information to our service providers or member organizations related to the provision of the Services;
For marketing purposes, including to contact you about offers, products, promotions, subscriptions, developments or services which we think may be of interest to you, and for third parties’ marketing purposes in connection with our Services;
To develop, provide, and improve our Web Site and services, including to better tailor the features, performance and support of our products, services, and Web Site, and for statistical and analytics purposes;
To send surveys in connection with our services;
To assist in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity, and to protect and defend our rights and property, or the rights or safety of third parties;
To enforce our Terms of Use, License or Subscription Agreements, or this Privacy Statement, or agreements with third parties;
To comply with laws, regulators, court orders, or other legal obligations, or pursuant to legal process.
Cookies
CGA uses cookies and similar technologies to enhance and customize your experience on the Web Site, including to make return visits easier for users who register with the CGA site, and for analytics. We also use cookies and similar technologies for purposes of marketing and advertising, including interest-based advertising.
A “cookie” is a small text file that a web server stores in browser software.  A browser sends cookies to a server when the browser makes a connection to the server (for example, when requesting a web page from the same domain that created the cookie). The purpose of cookies is to remember the browser over time and distinguish one browser instance (or user) from all others.  Some cookies and other technologies may serve to track Personal Information previously entered by a web user on our Web Site. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them, and how to remove them.   Cookies can remember login information, preferences, and similar information.
Cookies, as well as other tracking technologies such as HTML5 local storage, and Local Shared Objects (such as “Flash” cookies), and similar mechanisms, may record information such as a unique identifier, information you enter in a form, IP address, and other categories of data.
We also use web beacons or “pixels,” and in certain circumstances may collect IP address, screen resolution and browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; dates and times that our site is accessed, and other categories of data.
If you want to block the use and saving of cookies from the Web Site on to their computers hard drive, you should take the necessary steps within your web browser’s settings to block all cookies from the Site and its external serving vendors.  Please note that if you choose to erase or block your cookies, certain parts of our Web Site may not function correctly. For information on how to disable cookies, refer to your browser’s documentation.
Interest-Based Advertising
Interest-based advertising is advertising that is targeted to you based on your web browsing and app usage over time and across websites or apps. You have the option to restrict the use of information for interest-based advertising and to opt-out of receiving interest-based ads. Depending on from where you access our Site, you may also be asked to consent to our use of cookies, including advertising cookies.
The opt-outs for interest-based advertising require that strictly necessary cookies are not blocked by the settings in your web browser. We support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance in the U.S., the Canadian Digital Advertising Alliance in Canada, and the European Digital Advertising Alliance in the EU. If you live in the United States, Canada, or the European Union, you can visit Ad Choices (US), Your Ad Choices (Canada), or Your Online Choices (EU) to find a convenient place to opt-out of interest-based advertising with participating entities for each region. These websites also provide detailed information about how interest-based advertising works. Opting out does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising from us, or when you use the Internet. It just means that the data collected from our website will not be used for interest-based advertising and that the advertising you see displayed on websites will not be customized to your interests.
De-Identified or Anonymized Data
We may create de-identified or anonymous data from Personal Information by removing data components (such as your name, email address, or linkable tracking ID) that makes the data personally identifiable to you or through obfuscation or through other means.  Our use of de-identified and anonymized data is not subject to this Privacy Statement.
Information from Children Under 13 Years of Age
We do not knowingly collect personal data online from individuals under 13 years without parental consent.  If you become aware that an individual under 13 years of age has provided us with personal data without parental consent, please contact us at cga@cganet.com. If we become aware that an individual under 13 years has provided us with personal data without parental consent, we will take steps to remove the data as permitted by law.
Links to Other Sites
This Web Site may contain links or otherwise provide access to another web site, mobile application, or Internet location (collectively “Third-Party Sites”). We provide these links merely for your convenience. CGA has no control over, does not review, and is not responsible for Third-Party Sites, their content, or any goods or services available through the Third-Party Sites. Our Privacy Statement does not apply to Third-Party Sites.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any Third-Party Sites with which you choose to interact.
Public Forums
CGA may make various public forums, including chat rooms and message boards, available to you on the Web Site. Any information you choose to share when using such a service becomes public information. We recommend that you exercise caution in deciding what information and content you wish to disclose on the areas of our Web Site that are accessible to the general public.
Opting Out of Marketing Communications
If you want to stop receiving future marketing messages and materials, you can do so by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included in our email marketing messages or by contacting us at cga@cganet.com.  Once you have submitted your email address to “unsubscribe,” please note that you may continue to receive emails for a time while our system updates your request.  Please note that you may continue to receive communications from us for non-marketing purposes, such as communications regarding your account or the services.
Processing in the United States
Our Web Site is operated from within the United States, and by submitting your Personal Information to us, either through our Web Site or by other means, you are agreeing to the collection, usage, and storage of your Personal Information in the United States as outlined in this Privacy Statement.
Please note that your Personal Information may be used by us in the country where it was collected, as well as in the United States, where laws regarding the use of Personal Information may be less strict than the laws in your country.
Security
We implement technical and organizational security safeguards designed to protect your Personal Information. However, please be advised that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of Personal Information.
Accessing or Updating Your Information
Unless otherwise prohibited by law, you may make a request to access, update, correct change, or modify your Personal Information that we maintain by contacting CGA Customer Service via e-mail at CustomerService@cganet.com or via postal mail at 14501 George Carter Way, Suite 103, Chantilly, VA 20151, USA.
Contact
For questions regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact us at: cga@cganet.com.
CGA is a leading authority on technical and safety information for the industrial, medical, and food gases industry in North America and around the world. Our members are committed to the continuous advancement of industry safety.
The Standard for Safety Since 1913
Quick LinksWhat We Do
Who We Serve
Membership
Publications
Resources
Contact
Privacy Statement
Interested in membership? Contact us to receive more information.
Full NameEmail Address
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Scroll to top