https://www.euyansang.com/en_US/terms-of-use/terms.html
Free International Shipping For Most Products
If you are not shipping to the
United States Of America
, change the country above.
Oops! We do not ship to your current country. Change your shipping country above.
Deliver to United States of America
EN
USD
Shipping Country
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brunei
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong - EuYanSang.com.hk
India
Indonesia
Japan
Kuwait
Malaysia - EuYanSang.com.my
Netherlands
New Zealand
Philippines
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Singapore - EuYanSang.com.sg
South Korea
Spain
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Vietnam
Currency
USD
Language
English (United States)
Continue
Shipment update - Due to the current global situation surrounding COVID-19, there may be restrictions which will cause delay to your delivery. Thank you for your understanding and patience.
Catalog Navigation
Log in
Log in
Or
Register
Log in
Register
Stores
Children
Women
Beauty
Hormonal Health
Pre & Post Natal
Supplements
Anti-Oxidants
Athletic Support
Cholesterol
Digestion
Energy
Fertility
Skin and Hair
Immunity Boosters
Respiratory
Sexual Health
Sleep
Vision
Under the Weather
Herbs
Cordyceps
Deer Velvet
Ginkgo Biloba
Ginseng
Gojiberry
Lingzhi / Reishi
Loquat
Red Yeast Rice
Tian Qi
Yunzhi
Food
Bird's Nest
Teas & Drinks
Soups
Packed Herbs & Ingredients
Essence of Chicken & Fish
Snacks
GIFT
Bird's Nest
Essence of Chicken
Premium Herbal Soups
Supplements
Deals
Clearance
Bulk Buy
Buy 5 for Free Shipping
Bundle Promotions
Health Reads
Home
Customer Service
Terms Of Use
Terms Of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR USERS BEFORE PROCEEDING FURTHER. BY ACCESSING THE WEBSITE (AS DEFINED BELOW), UTILISING THE SERVICE (AS DEFINED BELOW) OR ORDERING ANY PRODUCTS (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND BECOMING PARTY TO A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN (i) YOURSELF; AND (ii) EU YAN SANG GLOBAL PTE LTD (COMPANY REGISTRATION NO.199101909M), THAT IS GOVERNED BY THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR USERS.
These Terms & Conditions for Users form part of the Contract (as defined below) between EU YAN SANG GLOBAL PTE LTD (also referred to as “EU YAN SANG”) and you. You are referred to as the “User” in these Terms & Conditions for Users. .
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1. In these Terms & Conditions for Users, the following words and expressions shall have the following meanings:
“Application Form” means the application or application form on the Website, that a User completes and/or submits on the Website to register to access and utilise the Service.
“Catalogue” means the catalogue on the Website listing the Products that are available for sale on the Website.
“Changes” means any addition, deletion, modification or alteration to the Service, the manner in which the Service is provided, or the performance standards of the Service, as determined by EU YAN SANG from time to time.
“Charges” means any charges payable by the User for Products purchased from the Website.
“Confirmation of Order” means EU YAN SANG’s acknowledgement of the User’s Order, which may be by way of a message on the Website and/or an email sent to the User’s specified email address.
“Content” includes text, images, graphics, music, software, audio, video, information or other materials.
“Contract” means a contract entered into by a User and EU YAN SANG that comprises (i) the Application Form; and (ii) these Terms & Conditions for Users as well as the privacy policy and Return Policy.
“EU YAN SANG” means EU YAN SANG GLOBAL PTE LTD (Company Registration No.199101909M), a Singapore incorporated company.
“External Advertisement” means advertisements placed or posted on the Website by third parties or originating from third parties, other than EU YAN SANG.
“Terms & Conditions for Users” means these terms and conditions for Users prescribed by EU YAN SANG with respect to the provision by it of the Service and that may be posted by EU YAN SANG on its Website, including any revised or amended version of the same as issued by EU YAN SANG from time to time and that may be posted on the Website. Such revised or amended version of the same shall apply to the User and the User is deemed to have accepted the same, from the time it is published on the Website.
“GST” means prevailing tax imposed under the Goods and Services Tax Act (Chapter 117A) of Singapore (the “GST Act”).
“Intellectual Property Rights” means all vested, contingent and future intellectual property rights including but not limited to goodwill, reputation, rights in confidential information, copyright, trademarks, logos, service marks, devices, plans, models, diagrams, specifications, source and object code materials, data and processes, design rights, patents, know-how, trade secrets, inventions, get-up, database rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and any applications or registrations for the protection of these rights and all renewals and extensions thereof existing in any part of the world, whether now known or in the future created.
“User” means any individual who applies or subscribes for or utilises the Service and/or the Website.
“User’s Content” means Content posted, uploaded, published, submitted or otherwise made available by the User through the Website, including but not limited to information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, reviews, techniques, questions, comments and testimonials, and the Contents therein.
“User’s Information” means all information which EU YAN SANG obtains, and any other information, and data provided by the User to EU YAN SANG, whether relating to himself/itself or otherwise, as a result of the User’s use of the Service.
“Order” means the order submitted by the User on the Website to purchase Products.
“Party” means either EU YAN SANG or the User as the case may be, and “Parties” means both EU YAN SANG and the User.
“Product Information” means the information and write up on the Products, as set out on the Website.
“Products” means the products, goods or items listed in the Catalogue.
“Related Corporation” has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 6 of the Companies Act (Chapter 50) of Singapore (and “Related Corporations” shall be construed accordingly).
“Return Policy” means the return policy relating to the purchase of Products by Users, as set out by EU YAN SANG on the Website.
“Service” means a service provided by EU YAN SANG whereby EU YAN SANG provides an online platform that allows Users to access, browse and/or search the Catalogue and purchase Products; post and submit reviews, questions, comments and/or testimonials on Products;, and/or any other activities as determined by EU YAN SANG at its absolute discretion, in accordance to the terms hereof. Further details, if any, of the Service, may be set out by EU YAN SANG on the Website.
“Website” means such Internet website(s) owned or controlled by EU YAN SANG, on which EU YAN SANG shall provide the Service, namely www.EuYanSang.com-
“Working Day” means any day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or a public holiday in Singapore.
1.2. Unless the contrary intention appears:
(a) A reference to these Terms & Conditions for Users or another instrument includes any variation or replacement of any of them;
(b) A reference to a statute, ordinance, code or other law includes regulations and other instruments under it and consolidations, amendments, re-enactments or replacements of any of them;
(c) The singular includes the plural and vice versa;
(d) The word “person” includes an individual, a firm, a body corporate, a partnership, joint venture, an unincorporated body or association, or any government agency, and includes a reference to the person’s executors, administrators, successors, substitutes (including, without limitation, persons taking by novation) and assigns;
(e) If a period of time is specified and dates from a given day or the day of an act or event, it is to be calculated exclusive of that day;
(f) A reference to a day is to be interpreted as the period of time commencing at midnight and ending twenty-four (24) hours later;
(g) A reference to a time is a reference to GMT +8:00;
(h) A reference to anything (including, without limitation, any amount) is a reference to the whole and each part of it and a reference to a group of persons is a reference to all of them collectively, to any two or more of them collectively and to each of them individually;
(i) The words “including”, “for example” or “such as” are not used as, or to be interpreted as a word of limitation, and do not limit the meaning of the words to which the example relates to that example or example of a similar kind;
(j) No rule of construction applies to the disadvantage of a Party because that Party was responsible for the preparation of these Terms & Conditions for Users or any part of it; and
(k) Headings are inserted for convenience and do not affect the interpretation of these Terms & Conditions for Users.
2. APPLICATION OF TERMS & CONDITIONS TO THE SERVICE
2.1. These Terms & Conditions for Users shall apply to the provision of the Service.
2.2. The User agrees to be bound by and to fully observe and comply with these Terms & Conditions for Users as well as the privacy policy which shall be deemed incorporated by reference into these Terms & Conditions for Users.
2.3. These Terms & Conditions for Users shall apply to the Contract to the exclusion of any other terms and conditions which the User may purport to apply and in whichever way the User purports to introduce them (the “User’s Provisions”). For the avoidance of doubt, the User acknowledges and agrees that EU YAN SANG shall not be bound by any of the User’s Provisions.
3. SERVICE
3.1. Notwithstanding anything that may be to the contrary in the Application Form or the Terms & Conditions for Users, and regardless that the Contract has been concluded, EU YAN SANG reserves the right to refuse to provide the Service or to refuse commencement of the Service, without having to assign any reason for such refusal and without being liable to the User for any compensation whatsoever. Should EU YAN SANG choose to refuse to provide the Service to the User as aforesaid, the Contract between the User and EU YAN SANG shall be deemed to have never been concluded and neither Party shall owe any obligations to the other. Subject to the aforesaid, the Contract shall be deemed to have been concluded on the date that the User is able to access the Service after having applied for access on the Website or after having submitted the Application Form on the Website.
3.2. Without prejudice to Clause 3.1, the User acknowledges that EU YAN SANG may require some time to activate the Service for the User subsequent to the User’s sign up for the Service.
3.3. Without prejudice to Clause 3.1 and/or notwithstanding anything that may be to the contrary, the commencement date of the Service shall be at the absolute discretion of EU YAN SANG
3.4. The User shall obtain and maintain at its own cost and shall be responsible for, to the absolute exclusion of EU YAN SANG, all telecommunications and other services, computers and any other hardware and any ancillary software required to enable the User to access the Service via the Internet.
3.5. Without prejudice to the foregoing subclauses, EU YAN SANG will use reasonable endeavours to provide the Service subject to the terms of the Contract and to the following:
(a) the User acknowledges that the Internet or the systems, servers, and equipment through which the Service is provided may from time to time be inoperative in full or in part as a consequence of but not limited to (i) mechanical breakdown, maintenance (whether emergency, scheduled or otherwise), hardware or software upgrades, telecommunication connectivity problems; or (ii) other factors beyond the control of EU YAN SANG; and
(b) EU YAN SANG shall not be liable in any way whatsoever for its failure or inability to provide the Service or to provide continuous, error free, uninterrupted Service, whether under the abovementioned or any other circumstances.
3.6. EU YAN SANG does not warrant in any way whatsoever that the User will be able to use the Service continuously or at all, or that such Service will be uninterrupted.
3.7. EU YAN SANG neither warrants nor guarantees that the form, wording, colour, style, text and look and feel of the User’s Content that eventually appears on the Website will be the same as the User’s Content when submitted or posted by the User on the Website and EU YAN SANG shall not be liable to the User in any way whatsoever for the aforesaid.
3.8. For the avoidance of doubt, EU YAN SANG retains absolute discretion in:
(a) inserting and publishing any statements on the Website introducing the User’s Content, or in taking such steps as EU YAN SANG deems necessary or appropriate in making clear to viewers of the Website as to the non-endorsement by EU YAN SANG of the statements or information in the User’s Content including but not limited to inserting and publishing any statements on the Website disassociating itself from any User’s Content or the User, or making clear that EU YAN SANG does not endorse the statements or information set out in the User’s Content; and/or
(b) determining the terms of use or of access to the Website by the public.
3.9. The User acknowledges and agrees that:
(a) EU YAN SANG cannot and does not control or verify any External Advertisements, Product Information, the Content contained in any External Advertisements and/or Product Information and the condition, legality or suitability of any Products;
(b) EU YAN SANG does not warrant that the External Advertisements, Product Information or any contents therein contain accurate information;
(c) the External Advertisements, Product Information and contents therein are provided on an “as is” basis with no warranties whatsoever by EU YAN SANG, and the User fully assumes its own risk in relying on the External Advertisements, Product Information and contents therein;
(d) EU YAN SANG is not responsible for and shall not be liable in any way whatsoever to the User for:
(i) any External Advertisements including the content thereof; and/or
(ii) any loss or damage incurred or suffered or that may be incurred or suffered by the User arising from, connected with or related to any Products and/or External Advertisements; and
(e) in entering into any transaction for Products, it has made or will be relying on the User’s own independent assessment and it has not relied in any way whatsoever on any representations (if any), acts or omissions of EU YAN SANG in this respect, and the User undertakes that it shall make no claim and take no action whatsoever against EU YAN SANG arising from, relating to or connected with any of the foregoing. The User further acknowledges and agrees that any transaction it enters into with EU YAN SANG and/or any other third parties will be wholly made at the User’s own risk.
3.10. Without prejudice to the foregoing, EU YAN SANG assumes neither responsibility nor liability arising from any Content posted, uploaded, submitted by any User, or from EU YAN SANG’s publication of the same, including but not limited to any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, threats, or inaccuracy contained within any such Content. The User undertakes that it shall make no claim and take no action whatsoever against EU YAN SANG arising from, relating to or connected with any of the foregoing.
3.11. EU YAN SANG is not obligated to provide the Service to the User during times of maintenance (whether emergency or scheduled maintenance or otherwise) to any of the computer systems and/or equipment through which the Service is to be provided.
3.12. EU YAN SANG may at its absolute discretion make Changes from time-to-time (including changes to its standards and procedures relating to the Service, whether or not it results in an upgrade or a downgrade of Service performance), without notice.
4. ACCOUNT REGISTRATION
4.1. In accessing and utilising the Service, submitting the Application Form and/or in applying for an account to access or utilise the Service, the User warrants that:
(a) the User is at least 18 years of age;
(b) the User possesses the legal authority to create a legally binding obligation between itself and EU YAN SANG;
(c) if the User is an individual and is creating an account for a corporate/business entity, that the User is agent for and acts on behalf of the corporate/business entity and that it has the legal authority to create a legally binding obligation between EU YAN SANG and the said corporate/business entity.
(d) the User will use the Service in accordance with these Terms & Conditions for Users;
(e) all information supplied by the User in the Application Form, on the Website is true, accurate, current and complete during the registration process and the User shall update such information to keep it accurate, current and complete; and
(f) the User shall safeguard his account information, including but not limited to his/its password which he/it shall not disclose to any third party. The User shall take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under his/its EU YAN SANG account, whether or not he/it has authorised such activities or actions
5. CHARGES AND, PAYMENT
5.1. The User shall pay to EU YAN SANG the Charges for the Products by EU YAN SANG on the Website. Once payment has been made, Charges are neither refundable nor exchangeable for cash, except in accordance with this Terms & Conditions for Users and the Return Policy. The User agrees that once the Charges have been paid to EU YAN SANG, title in the Charges shall wholly belong to EU YAN SANG.
5.2. The User shall pay the Charges by either PayPal, credit card or any other payment mechanism permitted by EU YAN SANG, as described on the Website. The User hereby authorises EU YAN SANG to collect (whether directly or indirectly) such amounts by charging the User’s credit card (details of which were provided by the User), via a third party online payment processor or by one of the payment methods described on the Website. The User shall provide customary billing information such as name, billing address and credit card information to EU YAN SANG or its third party payment processor, where requested.
5.3. If the User is directed to EU YAN SANG’s third party payment processor, the User may be subject to terms and conditions governing use of that third party’s service and that third party’s personal information collection practices. EU YAN SANG shall not be responsible for any damage, loss or harm to User resulting from the User’s use of that third party’s service. For the avoidance of doubt, the User agrees that any legal remedy or liability that the User seeks to obtain for actions or omissions of such third parties will be limited to a claim against the third parties who caused the User harm and the User agrees not to attempt to impose liability on, or seek any legal remedy from EU YAN SANG with respect to such actions or omissions. Accordingly, the User will review such third party’s terms and conditions and privacy policy before using the services of such third party.
5.4. The User acknowledges and agrees that EU YAN SANG cannot control any fees that may be charged to the User by its bank in relation to the payment of Charges and the User shall be wholly responsible for the same.
5.5. EU YAN SANG may at any time review and revise the Charges, and any new Charges so specified by EU YAN SANG shall apply from such date as EU YAN SANG may determine at its absolute discretion.
5.6. All Charges are payable in US Dollars, unless the selected payment gateway allows for the Charges to be paid in another currency.
6. ORDERS AND DELIVERY
6.1. The User shall make an offer to purchase Products by submitting an Order on the Website, in such form or manner as may be specified on the Website. EU YAN SANG acknowledges the Order by issuing the Confirmation of Order.
6.2. The User acknowledges and agrees that the Order remains an offer to purchase and EU YAN SANG shall not be obliged to supply the Products to the User until EU YAN SANG has accepted the Order by dispatching the Order.
6.3. Prior to the issuance of the Confirmation of Order by EU YAN SANG, EU YAN SANG reserves the right not to process the User’s Order and the User reserves the right to cancel the Order. For the avoidance of doubt, on the issuance of the Confirmation of Order by EU YAN SANG, the User shall not be entitled to cancel or make amendments to the Order for which the Confirmation of Order has been issued.
6.4. There may be instances where errors may occur, in which case EU YAN SANG is under no obligation to fulfill the Order (even after the Confirmation of Order has been issued). If EU YAN SANG discovers an error in the description or price of any Products which the User has ordered, EU YAN SANG will inform the User of the error as soon as possible and give the User the option of reconfirming the Order at the correct description or price, or cancelling it. If EU YAN SANG is unable to contact the User, EU YAN SANG will treat the Order as cancelled. Where the Order is cancelled as provided in this Clause and the User has already paid for the Order, the User will receive a full refund.
6.5. Subsequent to the Confirmation of Order, EU YAN SANG shall endeavour to deliver the purchased Products to the User at the place of delivery requested by the User in the Order. Delivery of the purchased Products will be effected in the manner described on the Website.
6.6. The User acknowledges and agrees that EU YAN SANG shall not be liable to the User for any losses, liabilities, costs, damages, charges or expenses arising out of or in connection with any late delivery by EU YAN SANG.
6.7. The User acknowledges and agrees that risk of loss or damage to the purchased Products passes to the User upon dispatch. The User acknowledges and agrees that title to the purchased Products passes to the User upon delivery.
6.8. If delivery is delayed through the User’s unreasonable refusal to accept delivery, EU YAN SANG may (without prejudice to another other right or remedy under this Terms & Conditions of Users):
(a) charge the User for EU YAN SANG’s reasonable storage fee and other costs reasonably incurred by EU YAN SANG arising out of or in connection with the User’s unreasonable refusal to accept delivery; and/or
(b) no longer make the purchased Product available for delivery and notify the User that the applicable contract is cancelled, in which case EU YAN SANG will refund to the User the applicable Charges (less any reasonable administrative fees or other costs as provided in Clause 6.7(a).
7. CANCELLATION
7.1. EU YAN SANG reserves the right to cancel the applicable contract and Confirmation of Order if it discovers an error or the applicable Products in the Order are not available for any reason. In such event, EU YAN SANG shall notify the User and return any Charges already made, in such form as determined by EU YAN SANG.
7.2. Prior to the shipping of the Order by EU YAN SANG, the User may cancel the Order by contacting EU YAN SANG’s customer service team at estore@euyansang.com or using the contact us form. EU YAN SANG reserves the right to charge a cancellation fee. The User acknowledges and agrees that once the order is shipped by EU YAN SANG, the Order may not be cancelled or amended by the User.
8. USER’S CONTENT AND USER CONDUCT
8.1. EU YAN SANG may at its absolute discretion edit or modify or refuse to publish any User’s Content, if any such User’s Content in EU YAN SANG’s sole opinion:
(a) are not of a quality or condition suitable for processing based on EU YAN SANG’s prevailing standard specifications and procedures applicable for the same;
(b) do not comply with EU YAN SANG’s applicable standards and procedures;
(c) are otherwise not in proper machine-readable form; or
(d) contain any material that EU YAN SANG deems at its absolute discretion, to:
(i) have breached any terms and conditions of the Contract;
(ii) likely to subject EU YAN SANG to unfavourable regulatory or statutory action;
(iii) contravene or likely to contravene any law;
(iv) infringe or likely to infringe the rights of any persons; or
(v) subject or likely to subject EU YAN SANG to liability for any reason whatsoever.
8.2. In the event that:
(a) the User’s Content; or
(b) the Service,
would cause EU YAN SANG to be in breach of any laws or regulatory requirements or guidance to which it is subject, EU YAN SANG shall be entitled to immediately suspend the Service and/or remove the User’s Content from the Website, without incurring any liability to the User whatsoever. In the event of the aforesaid happening, EU YAN SANG has the right to immediately terminate the Contract without incurring any liability to the User whatsoever.
8.3. The User acknowledges and agrees that the User shall be solely responsible for compliance with any and all laws, rules and regulations that may apply to its access and use of the Website and/or Service.
8.4. In relation to the User’s use of the Website and/or Service, the User warrants and represents that it shall not:
(a) violate any laws, rules, regulations or any order of a court;
(b) use the Website or Service for any other purposes that are not expressly permitted by the Contract;
(c) infringe the rights of any person or entity, including but not limited to, their Intellectual Property Rights, privacy, or contractual rights;
(d) use the Website to distribute unsolicited emails, advertisements, messages, or any other form of spam;
(e) harass or stalk any other user of the Website or Service;
(f) collect or store any personally identifiable information about any other user in violation of applicable laws;
(g) register for more than one EU YAN SANG account;
(h) use any information acquired through the use of the Website and/or Service for any other purpose, whether lawful or unlawful;
(i) impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent himself as another person or entity;
(j) use the Service and Website (including the forum and/or blog) for any unlawful purpose;
(k) make any misrepresentations when using the Service;
(l) post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any Content that: (i) is, or may be reasonably suspected by the User to be, fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; (ii) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or otherwise offensive; (iii) is racist or discriminating against any individual or group; (iv) is violent or threatening or promotes violence; or (v) promotes illegal or harmful activities;
(m) swear, use profanities, obscenities or any bad language of any kind, even if disguised with asterisks;
(n) access or tamper with the non public areas of the Service or the Website;
(o) interfere with or damage the Website or Service, through the use of, without limitation, viruses, Trojan horses, malicious codes, malwares, or other similar methods or technology;
(p) attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Website system or network or breach any authentication measures;
(q) avoid, bypass, deactivate, remove, or otherwise circumvent any technological measures implemented by EU YAN SANG or any of EU YAN SANG’s providers to protect the Website; and/or
(r) advocate, encourage or assist any third party in doing any of the foregoing.
8.5. The User acknowledges and agrees that EU YAN SANG shall have the right to investigate and prosecute any violation of any of the subprovisions in Clause 8.4 to the fullest extent of the law. EU YAN SANG may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Users who violate Clause 8.4.
8.6. For the avoidance of doubt, the User acknowledges and agrees that EU YAN SANG has no obligation to monitor the User’s access and use of the Website or Service, or to review or edit any User’s Content, but EU YAN SANG shall retain the right to do so.
8.7. Without prejudice to any other remedies provided in accordance with the Contract or at law, EU YAN SANG reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any User’s Content that EU YAN SANG, at its sole discretion, considers to be objectionable for any reason or in violation of the terms provided in these Terms & Conditions for Users.
9. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND WARRANTIES
9.1. The User acknowledges that all Intellectual Property Rights in the software and technology comprised in the Service are retained exclusively by EU YAN SANG and/or their rightful owner(s) and the User shall not do or permit any act which is directly or indirectly likely to prejudice the rights, title or interest of the said rightful owner(s) in and to any of the aforesaid. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the User shall not use in any way and shall not reproduce any trademarks that is associated with the Service, EU YAN SANG or that the User has sight of when using the Service (collectively the “Trademarks”), without the prior written consent of EU YAN SANG.
9.2. The User hereby undertakes and agrees:
(a) that EU YAN SANG is the true and lawful owner of the Trademarks and all derivatives thereof;
(b) not to use the Trademarks or any derivatives thereof or any other name or mark confusingly similar as the aforesaid;
(c) that all rights, title, interest and any goodwill in the Trademarks or any derivatives thereof belong exclusively to EU YAN SANG; and
(d) not to register domain names associated with or including the Trademarks or any derivatives thereof or any name that is confusingly similar to any of them including any visual or phonetic equivalent or other derivation thereof.
9.3. EU YAN SANG does not represent or warrant that the use or application of the Service by the User will not constitute an infringement or misuse of any Intellectual Property Rights.
9.4. The User agrees to assume all risks arising out of or relating to its use of the Service. Notwithstanding anything that may be to the contrary, EU YAN SANG makes no warranty that any information, software or any material made available by EU YAN SANG via the Internet relating to the Service does not contain computer viruses and EU YAN SANG accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever relating to the aforesaid.
9.5. The User agrees to be bound by and shall execute any end user licence agreements relating to any software or technology utilised in the Service that EU YAN SANG may from time to time require the User to agree to and execute for the purpose of the provision of the Service, failing which the Service shall be discontinued or suspended at the discretion of EU YAN SANG.
9.6. The User hereby grants to EU YAN SANG, its Related Corporations and EU YAN SANG’s agents and subcontractors, a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable licence to use, process, display, reproduce, store, publish, transmit, communicate, adapt, translate, modify, deal in, and/or to use in any other way whatsoever, the User’s Content, or any part thereof, for any purpose.
The User agrees that EU YAN SANG shall have no duty to attribute authorship of the User’s Content to the User, and shall not be obligated to enforce any form of attribution by third parties. EU YAN SANG reserves the right to disclose, and the User hereby consents to such disclosures of, the User’s identity and personal data (i) for the purpose of attribution, and (ii) to any third party who claims material posted by the User violates their rights, including without limitation, their intellectual property and privacy rights. The provisions of this clause shall constitute a consent of the User for the purpose of the provisions of the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act 2010.
9.7. The User shall ensure, and warrants and represents to EU YAN SANG that:
(a) all information, materials and User’s Content that the User publishes or uploads shall not be defamatory of any party;
(b) the User’s Content do not infringe the rights of any party (including any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party throughout the world);
(c) it is the proprietor or authorised licensee of any and all Intellectual Property Rights (including copyright) in the User’s Content. The User further warrants that none of the Intellectual Property Rights in the User’s Content infringe the rights of any third party. In cases where the User is the licensee of any such Intellectual Property Rights in the User’s Content, the User warrants that it has a licence and has obtained the necessary consents to permit EU YAN SANG to deal in and use the aforesaid Intellectual Property Rights in any way conceivable and for any purpose;
(d) the User is entitled to enter into the Contract, is able to perform its obligations under the Contract and to grant EU YAN SANG the rights (including the licence under Clause 9.6) under the Contract;
(e) the User has all the necessary consents, licences, permits and approval(s) from the relevant authorities, bodies, organisations or as required by applicable laws in order to perform its obligations under the Contract;
(f) the User’s Content do not infringe any laws, statutes and regulations of any territory, including Singapore;
(g) the User’s Content will not cause EU YAN SANG to infringe the rights of any person or to infringe any laws, statutes and regulations of any territory, including Singapore;
(h) the User’s Content do not cause annoyance, embarrassment, distress, harassment, disturbance or nuisance of any kind whatsoever, or which is not in the public interest, or contain obscene, racially or ethnically objectionable material, or be offensive in any way.
9.8. The User undertakes:
(a) not to send or submit any materials or information or otherwise use the Service for a purpose, which under applicable laws, regulations or policies, (including those of countries where the User’s Content can be accessed via the Internet), or under international conventions, codes, regulations or licences of such countries, would be prohibited;
(b) not to cause EU YAN SANG to do anything that would amount to a contravention of the laws of Singapore, or international conventions, codes or regulations; and
(c) that in using the Service, the User will not do anything that will be unlawful or that will infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party.
9.9. The User shall only have a limited, non-exclusive and revocable right for the duration of the Contract to access and view Content posted by EU YAN SANG, for the User’s personal and non-commercial purpose, subject to these Terms & Conditions for Users including payment of Charges where required by EU YAN SANG.
9.10. The User shall not use, copy, modify, adapt, distribute, create derivative works from, license, sell, broadcast or otherwise exploit or deal in the Content posted by EU YAN SANG, except as expressly permitted under these Terms & Conditions for Users.
10. CONFIDENTIALITY
10.1. From time to time during the term of the Contract, EU YAN SANG (the “Disclosing Party”) may, but is not obliged to, disclose information to the User (the “Receiving Party”) that is proprietary or confidential. The Receiving Party shall maintain in strict confidence all confidential or proprietary information of the Disclosing Party including but not limited to designs, plans or any other information relating to any research project, work in process, future development, scientific, engineering, manufacturing, marketing or business plan or financial or personnel matter relating to the Disclosing Party, its present or future products, sales, suppliers, employees, investors or business, including prices and discounts (“Confidential Information”) identified by the Disclosing Party or where it ought reasonably to be known as Confidential Information, whether in oral, written, graphic or electronic form. The Receiving Party shall not use, disclose or grant the use of such Confidential Information to any third party except for the purposes of performing obligations to the Disclosing Party under the Contract. The Receiving Party shall ensure its employees, agents or consultants to whom disclosure is to be made on a need to know basis, hold the Confidential Information in strict confidence and not make any use of such information for any purpose other than those expressly permitted by the Contract. The Receiving Party shall use (and require that all employees, agents and consultants) at least use the same standard of care as the Receiving Party uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a similar nature from unauthorised use or disclosure, but in no event less than reasonable care. The Receiving Party shall promptly notify the Disclosing Party upon discovery of any unauthorised use or disclosure of the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party.
10.2. The obligations contained in Clause 10.1 shall not apply if:
a) the Confidential Information was already known to the Receiving Party, other than under an obligation of confidentiality, at the time of disclosure by the Disclosing Party;
b) the Confidential Information was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure to the Receiving Party;
c) the Confidential Information became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure and other than through an act or omission of the Receiving Party in breach of the Contract;
d) the Confidential Information was disclosed to the Receiving Party, other than under an obligation of confidentiality, by a third party who had no obligation to the Disclosing Party not to disclose such information to others; or
e) the disclosure or use is required by law, any regulatory body or the rules and regulations of a relevant recognised stock exchange.
10.3. This Clause shall survive termination of the Contract.
11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
11.1. The User acknowledges that (i) the Service presents the possibility of human and machine errors, omissions, delays, and losses, including the inadvertent loss of data; and (ii) the Products may contain manufacturing faults which are not attributable to EU YAN SANG, which may give rise to loss or damage suffered by the User, and the User agrees that it shall not hold EU YAN SANG liable in any way whatsoever for the said loss or damage.
11.2. EU YAN SANG makes no guarantee, representation or warranty whatsoever:
a) that the Service will be available on a continuous or 24x7 basis;
b) that the Website will be available on a continuous or 24x7 basis for access; and/or
c) of the effect or benefits that can be derived by the User from using the Service or from using the Products.
11.3. The User acknowledges that EU YAN SANG’s systems, servers and equipment, or such other third party systems, services and equipment, used to operate the Website, may from time to time be inoperative or only partly operational as a consequence of mechanical breakdown, maintenance, hardware or software upgrades, telecommunication connectivity problems or other causes whatsoever. EU YAN SANG may schedule downtime for the Website for maintenance purposes without giving notice thereof. EU YAN SANG shall not be liable for any loss, damage, claims, costs or expense of any kind arising from any such downtime, or from any unavailability or inoperability of any telecommunications systems or internet, technical malfunction, error, omission, interruption, delay in operation or transmission, computer error or viruses, any failure in communication lines or telecommunications networks, or any corruption or loss of data or other disruption of any kind.
11.4. All express and implied warranties or conditions, statutory or otherwise as to completeness, accuracy, sufficiency, quality or fitness of the Service and Products for any purpose or any business whatsoever whether known to EU YAN SANG or otherwise, are hereby excluded. EU YAN SANG gives no condition, warranty, or undertaking, and makes no representation to the User about the:
a) suitability of, or fitness of the Service or Products for the User’s purposes; or
b) availability of the Service or Products, or operational availability of the Service.
11.5. The User acknowledges and agrees that the Service and Products are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, with all faults, and EU YAN SANG disclaims all warranties and makes no warranty of any kind, whether express or implied (statutory or otherwise), including but not limited to warranties on the ownership of Intellectual Property Rights and implied warranties of merchantability, sufficiency, quality and fitness for a particular purpose. EU YAN SANG does not warrant that the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free.
11.6. To the extent permitted by law, EU YAN SANG shall not be liable to the User in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty) or otherwise howsoever and whatever the cause thereof, for any indirect, consequential, collateral, special or incidental loss or damage suffered or incurred by the User in connection with the Service or Products, or any transaction relating thereto, whether during or after the term of the provision of the Service or Products. For the purposes of these Terms & Conditions for Users, indirect or consequential loss or damage includes, without limitation, loss of revenue, profits, anticipated savings or business, loss of data or goodwill, loss of use or value of any equipment including software, claims of third parties, and all associated and incidental costs and expenses.
11.7. Where EU YAN SANG’s liability is not expressly excluded under these Terms & Conditions for Users or under any applicable law, EU YAN SANG’s liability for direct damages to the User in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise whosoever and whatever the cause thereof, arising by reason of or in connection with the Service or Products, any transaction relating thereto or the Contract shall be up to a maximum aggregate amount of the Charges received by EU YAN SANG from that User.
11.8. Nothing in these Terms & Condition for Users in any way excludes or restricts a Party’s liability for death or personal injury resulting from the negligence of that Party.
11.10. For the purposes of this Clause 11, all references to EU YAN SANG shall also include its respective officers, employees, affiliates, sub-contractors and agents.
12. INDEMNITY
12.1. Notwithstanding anything that may be to the contrary, the User undertakes to indemnify and at all times hereafter to keep each of EU YAN SANG and its Related Corporations (together with their respective officers, employees and agents) (each an “Affected Party”) indemnified against any and all losses, damages, actions, proceedings (whether such proceedings have been brought or are threatened to be brought), costs, claims, demands, liabilities (including full legal costs on a solicitor and client basis) which may be suffered or incurred by the Affected Party or asserted against the Affected Party by any person whatsoever, in respect of any matter or event whatsoever arising out of, in the course of, by reason of or in respect of:
(a) the User’s Content or any part thereof (including but not limited to any use or dealing by EU YAN SANG or its Related Corporations, its agents or subcontractors, of the User’s Content);
(b) the performance of the Service;
(c) a breach by the User of any of the provisions in the Contract (including these Terms & Conditions for Users), including but not limited to a breach of any of the warranties or undertakings in Clause 9;
(d) any act or omission of the User or its agents or sub-contractors; and
(e) the User’s Content, or any part thereof, infringing the Intellectual Property Rights or other rights of, or any claim that the User’s Content, or any part thereof, infringe, the Intellectual Property Rights of, any party, in any part of the world.
12.1. For the purposes of this Clause, “claim” shall mean all demands, claims and liability (whether criminal or civil, in contract or tort or otherwise).
13. FORCE MAJEURE
13.1. Force Majeure means anything outside the reasonable control of a Party (other than in respect of payment obligations), including but not limited to, acts of God, fire, storm, flood, earthquake, explosion, accident, acts of the public enemy, war, rebellion, insurrection, sabotage, epidemic, quarantine restriction, labour dispute, labour shortage, power shortage or failure, server crashes, severance of the Internet submarine transmission cable under the sea that prevents or impedes the transmission of User submissions and data, emergency maintenance on the Service that is necessary to protect the Service in response to actual or reasonably anticipated acts or threats of terrorism (including internet terrorism involving but not limited to the release of new internet viruses and worms that are not in existence at the date of the Contract), deletion, corruption, loss or removal of data, transportation embargo, failure or delay in transportation, including without limitation where a Party ceases to be entitled to access the Internet or ceases to have access to the Internet for whatever reason, any act or omission (including laws, regulations, disapproval’s or failures to approve) of any government or government agency.
13.2. If a Party is wholly or partially precluded from complying with its obligations under the Contract by a Force Majeure event, then that Party’s obligation to perform in accordance with the Contract will be suspended for the duration of the Force Majeure event and that Party shall not be liable in any way whatsoever for its failure to perform for the duration of the Force Majeure event.
13.3. If such event continues for a period in excess of thirty (30) continuous days, then the Party whose performance is not prevented by such Force Majeure event shall be entitled at its sole discretion to terminate the Contract forthwith on notice in writing.
13.4. Except as otherwise expressly set out herein, termination of the Contract as aforesaid shall be without prejudice to the rights or liabilities of the Parties that have accrued prior to the date of termination.
14. TERMINATION
14.1. Either Party (“Terminating Party”) may terminate the Contract by providing written notice to the other Party where the other Party breaches any of the terms and conditions of these Terms & Conditions for Users (or the Contract) and the Terminating Party has given fourteen (14) days’ notice of such breach and the other Party has failed to rectify such breach within that time.
14.2. EU YAN SANG may terminate the Contract and cancel the User’s account immediately where:
(a) EU YAN SANG is of the opinion that the Service has been used by the User in any manner unacceptable to EU YAN SANG, and where EU YAN SANG has given fourteen (14) days’ notice of such breach and the User has failed to rectify such breach within that time;
(b) the User has outstanding Charges or any other monies due and payable to EU YAN SANG, if any, which remain unpaid, and where EU YAN SANG has given fourteen (14) days’ notice of such breach and the User has failed to rectify such breach within that time;
(c) EU YAN SANG is unable to provide the Service due to lack of reasonable operating capacity;
(d) the User has been adjudged bankrupt or if a receiving order has been made against it, or if the User is insolvent or is in liquidation (whether voluntary or compulsory) or if the User has made compositions or arrangements with, or assignment for the benefit of, its creditors;
(e) the User, in the case of a corporation, has a winding-up petition presented against it, or has a receiver or a receiver and manager or a judicial manager appointed;
(f) the User, in the case of a corporation, has in EU YAN SANG’s reasonable opinion, ceased to carry on business;
(g) the continued operation of the Service would in the opinion of EU YAN SANG (at its absolute discretion) be unlawful or be commercially non-viable to EU YAN SANG;
(h) in EU YAN SANG’s reasonable opinion, the User attempted to use, is likely to use or has used the Service (whether with or without the authorisation and/or permission of EU YAN SANG) in contravention of any law; or
(i) any material information provided or representation made by the User to EU YAN SANG is untrue, misleading or inaccurate and has an adverse material impact on EU YAN SANG in relation to its provision of the Service.
14.3. In the event that any governmental or regulatory authorities direct or instruct or give guidance that EU YAN SANG should cease the Service, or the Service would cause EU YAN SANG to be in breach of any laws or regulatory requirements or guidance to which it is subject, EU YAN SANG shall be entitled to immediately terminate the Contract forthwith without entitling the User to receive any compensation in respect of the termination.
14.4. EU YAN SANG reserves the right to immediately suspend the Service and/or terminate the Contract if EU YAN SANG is unable to provide the Service or is unable to continue providing the Service due to a termination of the underlying licence or agreement permitting EU YAN SANG to use the software or system through which the Service is to be provided. EU YAN SANG shall not be liable to the User whatsoever and the User shall not be entitled to receive any compensation from EU YAN SANG, arising from such immediate termination.
14.5. Regardless of termination of the Contract for any reason, the User shall remain obligated to pay EU YAN SANG all Charges and any other sums that have accrued or are otherwise owed by the User to EU YAN SANG up to the date of termination, if any.
14.6. In the event of termination of the Contract due to any cause the User acknowledges that EU YAN SANG will upon termination of the Contract immediately cease providing the Service to that User and EU YAN SANG may at its absolute discretion delete all of the User’s Content.
14.7. Unless otherwise expressly stated, any termination by either Party of the Contract shall be without prejudice to any other rights or liabilities of either Party accrued prior to and including the date of termination.
14.8. Any termination or suspension of the Service by EU YAN SANG for whatever reasons shall not entitle the User to receive any compensation in respect of the termination. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding termination of the Contract for any reason whatsoever (including where it is terminated by the User), Charges paid are not refundable to the User and the Charges shall be wholly retained by EU YAN SANG for EU YAN SANG’s absolute disposal and use, subject to the Return Policy.
14.9. Any termination of the Contract (howsoever occasioned) shall not affect the coming into force or the continuance in force of any provision hereof which is expressly or by implication intended to come into or continue in force on or after such termination. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Clauses 3, 9, 10, 11, 12, 14.3 to 14.9, 17 and 18.10 of these Terms & Conditions for Users shall survive termination of the Contract.
15. MODIFICATIONS AND AMENDMENTS
15.1. EU YAN SANG reserves the right to amend or supplement these Terms & Conditions for Users from time to time, and the User shall be bound to observe and comply with any such amendments or supplements to these Terms & Conditions for Users upon their publication by EU YAN SANG (whether by posting on the Website or otherwise).
15.2. EU YAN SANG reserves the right, at its absolute sole discretion, to modify the Website and/or Service, including the Charges, at any time and without prior notice.
15.3. The User acknowledges and agrees that any continued access and utilisation of the Website or Service after any such amendments or modifications shall be deemed to be an agreement by the User to be bound by the modified terms.
16. NOTICES
16.1. All notices, demands or other communications required or permitted to be given or made under or in connection with the Contract shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given or made if :
(a) if delivered by hand;
(b) sent by pre-paid registered post; or
(c) sent by legible facsimile transmission or by email (provided that there has been successful transmission),
addressed to the intended recipient at its address or facsimile number or email address as may be notified to the other Party in writing from time to time.
16.2. Any such notice, demand, court process or communication shall be deemed to have been duly served if it is (i) delivered by hand or sent by pre-paid registered post, at the time of delivery; or (ii) if made by successfully transmitted facsimile or email transmission, at the time of dispatch.
17. GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION
17.1. The Contract and any matters relating thereto shall be subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of the Republic of Singapore.
17.2. Any dispute or controversy arising in connection with the Contract, which cannot be settled by mutual or amicable agreement, shall be finally settled in accordance with the Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) by one arbitrator appointed in accordance with the SIAC Rules. The place of arbitration shall be Singapore. The arbitration shall be conducted in English. The decision and award resulting from such arbitration shall be final and binding on the Parties.
17.3. For the purpose of enforcing the Contract and notwithstanding Clause 17.2, EU YAN SANG has absolute discretion to seek equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction, as it may choose, without first attempting to resolve a dispute under Clause 17.2 and the User hereby submits to the jurisdiction of the court which EU YAN SANG may seek relief from under this subclause. For the avoidance of doubt, the right under this subclause is only extended to EU YAN SANG and not to the User.
18. MISCELLANEOUS
18.1 .The waiver by a Party of a breach or default of any of the provisions of the Contract by the other Party shall not be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach of the same or other provisions nor shall any delay or omission on the part of a Party to exercise or avail itself of any right power or privilege that it has or may have hereunder operate as a waiver of any breach or default by the other Party. A waiver has to be in writing to be effective.
18.2. The Contract shall be binding upon and ensure for the benefit of the successors in title of the Parties hereto.
18.3. If any of the provisions of the Contract becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.
18.4. The User shall not assign, transfer, charge or otherwise deal with the Contract or any obligation under the Contract, without the prior written consent of EU YAN SANG.
18.5. EU YAN SANG has the right to assign or transfer all or part of its rights, benefits and/or obligations under the Contract.
18.6. EU YAN SANG has the right to enter into any sub-contract for the performance of any of its obligations under the Contract without prior consent of the User.
18.7. A person who is not a party to the Contract has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act (Chapter 53B) of Singapore to enforce any term of the Contract.
18.8. The relationship of the Parties shall be solely that of independent contractors. Nothing in the Contract shall be deemed to constitute, create or give effect to or otherwise recognise a joint venture, partnership or formal business entity of any kind, and the rights and obligations of the Parties shall be limited to those expressly set forth herein. Nothing herein contained shall be construed as authorising either Party to act as an agent or representative of the other Party.
18.9. The Contract (as may be amended from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof) shall constitute the entire understanding between the Parties hereto concerning the provision of the Service and supersedes and replaces any prior agreements and negotiations related to the subject matter herein.
18.10. The User hereby affirmatively consents to and authorises the use by EU YAN SANG in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever or to disclose to any person, any User’s information, including for the purposes of the sending of commercial messages to the User by EU YAN SANG and/or its partners. The provisions of this Clause shall constitute a consent of the User for the purpose of the provisions of the Spam Control Act (Chapter 311A) of Singapore.
FAQs
Order Processing & Delivery
Delivery & Shipping
Order Processing
Returns & Refunds
Other FAQs
Online Promotion
User Manual
Registering an Account
Updating Your Personal Information
Terms & Conditions
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Need Help?
If you have any question or need help with your account, you may Contact Us to assist you.
Close
Subscribe for free! Get US$10 off your first order! No minimum spend.
Thanks for subscribing! We have sent you an email with your welcome code in it. Read T&Cs.
You are already on our mailing list.
Please enter a valid email
Get US$10 off your first order!*
Get it Now!
*Terms & conditions apply