https://www.sturdi-built.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy for Sturdi-Built Greenhouse
At Sturdi-Built Greenhouse, accessible from www.sturdi-built.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Sturdi-Built Greenhouse and how we use it. Sturdi-Built Greenhouse does not sell any information collected from our visitors.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Log Files
Sturdi-Built Greenhouse follows an industry standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. Our web hosting company does this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other websites, Sturdi-Built Greenhouse uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
For more general information on cookies, please read the “What Are Cookies” article on a Cookie Consent website.
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Googlehttps://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Sturdi-Built Greenhouse.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Sturdi-Built Greenhouse, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Sturdi-Built Greenhouse has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Party Privacy Policies
Sturdi-Built Greenhouse’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Sturdi-Built Greenhouse does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Sturdi-Built Greenhouse. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Learn More Bayliss Solar Roof Vent Openers
Planning for Your Greenhouse
An Energy Efficient Greenhouse
Greenhouse Vegetable Gardening
Replacing an old Greenhouse
Sturdi-Built Privacy Policy
Warranty and Returns Policy
Links to Related Services
Visit Us If you’re in the Portland, Oregon area, make an appointment to see our showroom for 2021!
11304 S.W. Boones Ferry Road
Portland, OR
97219
503-244-4100
or 800-334-4115
Get directions >
Our Nantucket Greenhouse, equipped with all of Sturdi-Built's add-on accessories.
Contact Us
Sturdi-Built Greenhouse Manufacturing
503-244-4100
800-334-4115
Mon–Fri, 8:00am to 5:00pm PST
Sturdi@Sturdi-Built.com
Search for:
Greenhouse Kits
Trillium Greenhouse Kits
Tudor Greenhouse Kits
Deluxe Greenhouse Kits
Garden Deluxe Greenhouse Kits
Tropic Greenhouse Kits
Solite Greenhouse Kits
Nantucket Greenhouse Kits
Garden Sunroom Greenhouse Kits
Portland Web Design - Watermelon Web Works LLC