http://www.sapient.com/privacy
Skip to Main Content
The HOW Channel: Business Answers You Need in the Time You Have Watch Now
Privacy Policy
This Website provides information about Publicis Sapient's general business, software, products or services. If you have any questions about Publicis Sapient's collection of your data please contact Publicis Sapient at privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.
Introduction
Any data collected through the publicissapient.com Website and the careers.publicissapient.com sub-Site including Personal Data, will only be used when you register, request information or a response from Publicis Sapient to better target you for further sales and marketing opportunities. Once collected, Personal Data will not be used for a different incompatible purpose without your consent.
For users located in the United Kingdom, Sapient Limited, Turnmills, 63 Turnmill St, London EC1M 5RR (United Kingdom) and Sapient Corporation, 40 Water Street, 02109 Boston (USA) are regarded as the Data Co-Controllers.
We take the protection of data privacy very seriously. All Personal Data collected through the website application will be treated as strictly confidential and will only be used as set out in this Privacy Notice. The applicable data protection laws shall be respected in full.
Therefore, please read this Privacy Notice thoroughly. If you disagree with the way Personal Data will be used, please do not use this Website or provide your Personal Data through the Website.
I.    Purpose of data collection
The main purposes of collecting Personal Data through the Website is for marketing and sales reasons. Furthermore, your Personal Data can be used for analytics purposes, such as analysing traffic on the Website. Lastly, we also process your Personal Data for Hiring reasons in order to improve your journey as a candidate and to analyse it.
Separately we collect Personal Data for website security and maintenance.
II.    What Personal Data do we collect and process?
Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (i.e. living individual).
We collect the following Personal Data through the Website:
Your Personal Information:
Your first and last name, company, title, work email, phone number, country and your reason for contacting us. Additionally, when you apply for a job, your CV.
Browsing Information:
We additionally collect limited Personal Data connected with your use of the Website, e.g. IP address, browser type, operating system, referring domains and exit links, journey on our Website and Career sub-Website…
III.    What legal ground(s) do we rely on?
When you contact us via our contact form or;
when you directly write to our PR team or;
when you wish to receive the news and thoughts of our leadership or,
we will obtain your explicit consent to process your Personal Data.
Please note that you can withdraw or revoke your consent to our use of your Personal Data at any time. You always have a choice concerning whether or not you provide Personal Data.
The use of your Personal Data is further necessary for the purposes of Publicis Sapient's legitimate interest
in improving our services, so we can better understand your needs and expectations and therefore improve our services to you;
to prevent fraud and to ensure that the use of our web services is complete and without fraudulent behavior;
to ensure the security of our services and to ensure that our offerings are technically secure and functioning properly;
For the use of any cookie and other tracking technology, we rely on your consent.
IV.    With whom do we share Personal Data?
We will share your Personal Data with employees of Publicis Sapient, including Sales, Marketing, IT and Operations Teams in order to create inter alia email campaigns and other marketing efforts.
We will not disclose your Personal Data to anyone else under any circumstances except to successors in title to our business, to establish, exercise or defend our rights, where required by law, or as otherwise stated in this Privacy Notice
V.    Who is processing the Personal Data?
Employees of Publicis Sapient (from Sales, Marketing, IT, Operations and Hiring) are processing your data. Any processing of your Personal Data by these employees is in accordance with our instructions. Amazon Web Services Ireland Ltd is providing the backup disaster recovery servers, which are located in Ireland.
If the services of third parties for the technical maintenance, administration or processing of data are required, the Personal Data will be accessed by these parties only to the extent that is required to ensure a smooth and secure technical handling of the Website and in compliance with applicable law, including with respect to data confidentiality, privacy and security.
VI.    Your rights regarding your Personal Data
You may exercise the following legal rights regarding any Personal Data that we hold about you.
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to object
The right to restrict processing
The right to data portability
The right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your Personal Data at any time
The right to give instructions on the handling of your Personal Data after your death
Please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com if you want to make use of any of your above mentioned legal rights.
If you think that we are not compliant with the principles set out in this Privacy Notice, if you are unsatisfied with the way we process your Personal Data or if your request has been rejected, you may also lodge a formal complaint with your local competent data protection authority.
Your Personal Data will be stored in accordance with our applicable data retention requirements and corporate policies. The retention period of your Personal Data varies depending on the type of your Personal Data and the purposes of processing it.
VII.    Viewing, Editing, Updating or Deletion of your Personal Data:
Please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com if you want to see any Personal Data stored about you in our records. We will honor your legal right to view your Personal Data in accordance with applicable privacy law. If you think that any of the Personal Data collected through the Website is incorrect, confusing or incomplete, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com. You may also ask us to erase, restrict or port your Personal Data and you may tell us if you object to our use of your Personal Data. Personal Data will be stored by us in accordance with our applicable data retention requirements and corporate policies.
VIII.    Data Security
We use a variety of methods, such as firewalls, intrusion detection software and manual security procedures, to secure your data against loss or damage and to help protect the accuracy and security of Personal Data and to prevent unauthorized access or improper use. If you think that the Website or any Personal Data is not secure or that there has been unauthorized access to the Website or your Personal Data, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com immediately.
IX.    Confidentiality
Please note that we treat Personal Data as strictly confidential.
X.    Data Transfers
Your Personal Data is transferred to the US and India which is not considered to have the same level of data protection as in the EU. However, we ensure all data transfers comply with applicable legal requirements. Should you wish to know more about how data is protected or wish to request a copy of the contractual protections, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com.
XI.    Notification of Changes
Should we wish to change this Privacy Notice, if you have already provided Personal Data through this Website, we will contact you to inform you of the new Privacy Notice and, in some circumstances, we may need to obtain your consent to the changes. In other circumstances, any such changes to this Privacy Notice will be promptly communicated on this page and you should check back to see whether there are any changes. Continued use of the Website after a change in the Privacy Notice indicates your acknowledgement and acceptance of the use of Personal Data in accordance with the amended Privacy Notice.
If you wish to save this text, please mark the entire statement (e.g. with your mouse) and copy-paste by pushing ctrl-c.
XII.    Further Information
For further information on Publicis Sapient, please visit our website publicissapient.com.
If you consider that we are not complying with this Privacy Notice or if you have any questions in relation to this Privacy Notice, please contact privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com. You may also lodge a formal complaint with your competent data protection authority.
Updated: 20 November 2019
Our Latest
61% of People Know Nothing About Companies Do With Their Data, New Global Survey Shows
Publicis Sapient and IPSOS conducted wide-ranging research on consumer attitudes toward data privacy, identity, and transparency. The report provides extraordinary insights into how brands can best manage their customer relationships.
Read more
Publicis Sapient Named a Leader Among Worldwide CX Improvement Services
IDC named Publicis Sapient as a leader in the Worldwide 2020 IDC MarketScape for Customer Experience Improvement Services
Read more
Publicis Sapient Announces Kameshwari Rao as Global Chief People Officer
Publicis Sapient, the digital transformation hub of Publicis Groupe, announced the appointment of Kameshwari Rao as Global Chief People Officer.
Read more
Next Starts Now
Business inquiries
Job openings
Media inquiries
Type here to Search....
{{item.searchEyebrowTitle}}
{{item.title}}
{{item.title}}
{{item.description}}
We could not find any results for "{{searchText}}"