http://www.ketchum.com/privacy-policy/#impressum
bulbAsset 2Coffeeemailfacebook-dsdVector Smart Objectemailhandsinstagram-dsadaketchumrandyketchun-logolinkedin-dasdasquote-startVector Smart Object1searchtrophy2Asset 2twitter-dsadafacebook
Global
BrusselsCanadaChinaGermanyHong KongLondonMoscowVienna
See All Locations
Location
Global
BrusselsCanadaChinaGermanyHong KongLondonMoscowVienna
See All Locations
follow us
Home
Work + Wins
Culture + Careers
News + Views
Reach + Approach
Search
share:
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
CCPA Notice
Datenschutzerklärung
Impressum
PRIVACY POLICY (General)
Updated: [15-Jan-2020]
We at Ketchum Inc. and its affiliated companies (“we”, “us” or “our”) respect your privacy.
This privacy policy applies to the processing of personal data by Ketchum Inc. in the United States and [insert any non-U.S. entity names].
Please see our European privacy notice for how we (to the extent we are subject to the General Data Protection Regulation) and our European affiliates process your personal data.
PURPOSE OF THIS POLICY
This privacy policy (“Policy”) explains our approach to any personal information that we might collect from you using this website (the “Site”) and in other situations or interactions with us, as well as the purposes for which we process your personal information. This Policy also sets out your rights in respect of our processing of your personal information.
This Policy will inform you of the nature of the personal information about you that is processed by us and how you can request that we delete, update, transfer and/or provide you with access to it or otherwise cease processing it for a specific purpose.  This Policy is intended to assist you in making informed decisions when using this Site.
This privacy notice is not intended to apply to the processing of personal information of [insert agency name] employees which is dealt with under our separate workplace privacy policy.
We respect your concerns about privacy. We participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework (“Privacy Shield”) issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce. We commit to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to any personal information that we receive from the European Union.
TYPE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personal information is information that identifies you as an individual. Categories of personal information we collect include:
contact information (g. name, physical address, telephone number, email address),
information about your interests or affiliations,
information for hiring and human resources (g.employment and education history, work eligibility status, date of birth, financial account information, government-issued identification information), and
additional information you submit to us.
Additional information about the personal information we collect is described in the next section HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION and the COOKIE POLICY below.
WAYS OF OBTAINING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and receive your personal information using different methods:
Personal information you provide to us.  You may give us your personal information directly. This will be the case when, for example, you contact us with enquiries, complete forms on our Site or in hard copy or participate in a survey, subscribe to receive our marketing communications or provide feedback to us otherwise through your interactions with us.
Personal information we collect from you automatically.  When you access and use our Sites, we will automatically collect certain technical information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal information by using cookies and other similar technologies (see Cookie Policy section below).
Personal information received from third parties. From time to time, we will receive personal information about you from third parties. Such third parties may include analytics providers, payment providers, hotel and transport providers and third parties that provide technical services to us so that we can operate our Site and provide our services.
Publically available Personal information.  From time to time we may collect personal information about you from publically available sources or media reports or personal information about you that you or a third party may make publically available to us (for example through speaking at events or publishing articles or other news stories).
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to:
verify your identity,
provide our services to clients;
help us improve our products and services and develop and market new products and services,
carry out requests made by you to us,
investigate or settle inquiries or disputes,
comply with any applicable law, court order, other judicial process, or the requirements of a regulator,
enforce our agreements with you,
protect the rights, property or safety of us or third parties, including our other clients and users of the Site,
provide support for the provision of our Services, and
use as otherwise required or permitted by law.
USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH THIS SITE
The following describes how we use personal information that we collect through this Site:
Client information.
Information we collect with respect to our clients and potential clients is used to enable us to respond to client requests, to administer client accounts with us, to conduct credit checks, and to verify and carry out financial transactions for payments made to us.
Media and informational inquiries.
We may collect information for interviews requests, for media questions, or requests for information about our company. We may also provide you with the opportunity to sign up for newsletters or to receive copies of blogs and other information that we make available.  Contact information may be requested in each case, together with details of other personal information that is relevant to these inquiries. This information is used in order to enable us to respond to your requests or media requests.
Career Opportunities.
Potential employees and service providers may provide us with information to find out about and apply for career opportunities, including by providing resumes and other related information. This information is used to enable us to review applications, respond to these requests, and to make hiring decisions.
Cookies.
We use cookies and similar other technologies to collect information from the computer hardware and software you use to access the Site, or from your mobile.  Please see our Cookie Policy for additional information.
The information you provide to us may be archived or stored periodically by us according to our standard backup processes and our document retention policy.
OTHER USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may also collect information in other contexts other than this Site as described above. That information may be used in the manner described above and in other ways, such as:
Surveys and voting.
We may collect personal information from you via surveys or voting polls. Participation is voluntary and you will have the opportunity to decide whether or not to disclose information. At times, you may have to register to vote or to take part in a survey. We would use that information to report the results of the survey or vote.
Promotions.
We may conduct promotions, contests or giveaways, which may require that you register to enter. We collect personal information from you in order to conduct the promotion, contest or giveaway and to deliver prizes or notices. Participation in these events and providing us with your information is voluntary.
Industry information.
We collect, and maintain data bases containing, information about journalists, talent, social media influencers, social media users and other professionals in the public relations, news or media industry collected by us or by our trusted third party media analytics service providers. Such information may include an individual’s name, business contact details, professional interests and affiliations. This information may be information that is voluntarily supplied to us by those individuals through our Site or in other situations (such as public speaking events), or information that is public or available in third party databases or via third party content platforms (including social media platforms). Further we may collect and/or review other publically available news stories and other journalistic content including content made available through public news sites and social media sites to understand what people are saying about us and our clients. We use this information to provide our services to our clients including ensuring we and our clients are fully up to speed on public opinion in any particular area and are fully briefed when it comes to dealing with the press.  We may also use this information for our own internal administrative and promotional purposes. We make efforts to minimize the use of this information to that which is strictly necessary for our legitimate business interests.
Interactive areas.
We may provide interactive areas, such as message boards, chat rooms or other forums.  Participation in these areas by users is voluntary.  We discourage you from submitting any information that may identify you personally when participating in these areas.  Use of these public areas is not secure and we cannot ensure that your information will be protected.
Marketing communications.
We may carry out marketing activities using your personal information.  We may send marketing information to you by mail or email.  We may also provide you with information about media and public relations events. It may be necessary to mention the purpose of other marketing communications at the point that we collect that information. We send this information and materials to you where you have consented to receive such information or materials, or where we have another lawful basis to do so to the extent required by law.
Receipt of services.
If we have engaged you or the organisation you represent to provide us with products or services (for example, if you or the organisation you represent provide us with services such as IT support or financial advice), we will collect and process your personal information in order to manage our relationship with you or the organisation you represent, to receive products and services from you or the organisation you represent and, where relevant, to provide our Services to others.
Business administration and legal compliance
We may use your personal information for the following business administration and legal compliance purposes:
to comply with our legal obligations;
to enforce our legal rights;
to protect the rights of third parties; and
in connection with a business transition such as a merger, reorganisation, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets.
PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CHILDREN
Our Site is intended for ages 18 and older.  We do not intend to or knowingly collect personal information from children.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your personal information with any of our group affiliates, or with our agents, partners, clients or contractors or professional advisers or government or regulatory bodies for the following purposes: (a) provide our services to clients or otherwise receive assistance in processing transactions; (b) fulfillment of requests for information, receiving and sending communications, updating marketing lists, analyzing data; (c) provision of IT and other support or internal administrative business services; or (d) assistance in other ancillary to the operation of tasks, from time to time. Our agents, partners and contractors will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their functions.
We will not sell your personal information to other companies and we will not share it with other companies for them to use without your consent, except in in the circumstances listed above or in connection with the sale or merger of [insert agency name] or the division or office responsible for the services.
OBTAINING YOUR CONSENT
Where our use of your personal information requires your consent, you can provide such consent:
at the time we collect your personal information following the instructions provided; or
by informing us by e-mail, post or phone using the contact details set out in this Policy.
Please note that if you specifically consent to additional uses of your personal information, we may use your personal information in a manner consistent with that consent.
ACCESS
We provide you with reasonable access to the personal information maintained about you. We also provide you with a reasonable opportunity to correct, amend or delete the information where it is inaccurate. We may limit or deny access to personal information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of third persons would be violated.
CHOICE AND MEANS
We generally offer you the opportunity to choose whether your personal information may be (a) disclosed to third-party controllers or (b) used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which the information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. To the extent required by the Privacy Shield Principles, we obtain opt-in consent for certain uses and disclosures of sensitive data. Unless we offer you an appropriate choice, we use personal information only for purposes that are materially the same as those indicated in this Policy. To exercise your choices you may contact us as indicated in this Policy.
We may share personal information with our affiliates as described above under SHARING YOUR INFORMATION. We may disclose personal information without offering an opportunity to opt out, and we may be required to disclose such information (a) to third-party processors we have retained to perform services on our behalf and pursuant to our  instructions, (b) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, or (c) in response to lawful requests from public authorities, including to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement requirements. We also reserve the right to transfer personal information in the event of an audit or if we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
SECURITY
We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. Also see CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION below.
THIRD PARTY LINKS AND SERVICES
Our Site contains links to third party websites and services. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website or you request a service from a third party, this Policy no longer applies.
Your browsing and interaction on any other websites, or your dealings with any other third-party service provider, is subject to that website’s or third party service provider’s own rules and policies. We do not monitor, control, or endorse the privacy practices of any third parties.
This Site may integrate with social networking services.  You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate.  While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Site, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third-party services to operate properly and fairly.
This Policy does not apply to these third-party websites and third party service providers.
OPT OUT AND UNWANTED COMMUNICATIONS
To opt-out of any future promotional or marketing communications or any other communications from us, you should send a request to us at the contact information in the section entitled CONTACT DETAILS.  We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.  Please note that if you opt out in this manner, certain aspects of this Site may no longer be available to you.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We are committed to keeping the personal information you provide to us secure. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information, including but not limited to sophisticated software and hardware that prevent personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information.
Information regarding job applications is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the URL. Only employees or third parties who need the information to process a specific request are granted access to personally identifiable information.
ONWARD TRANSFERS
We might receive personal information under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfer to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. In such case, we remain liable if our agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we are able to prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
OUR COOKIE POLICY
We use cookies and similar technologies to collect personal information from the computer or other device you use to access the Site. “Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your device for the purpose of collecting data to facilitate and enhance your communication and interaction with our Site.  We may also allow certain third parties to place cookies as described below.
We use cookies and other technologies on all our sites to ensure the best possible experience on our Site. These uses include:
We use analytical cookies to recognize and count users of our Site, measure the effectiveness of our content, and understand how visitors use our Site.  We currently use Google Analytics for this purpose.
We may place, or allow a third party to place, functional cookies to make a website easier to use, such as cookies that maintain a user’s session.
For example, job applicants who visit our Site and apply for a job are directed to a third-party site to submit applications and that site places a cookie that is used to maintain an applicant’s session. That same third party may also place other cookies, such as a LinkedIn cookie, that may also apply to job applicants. We currently use Taleo for this function. You can delete these cookies via your browser settings.
We also use Vimeo to host videos, which places a cookie to allow visitors to view the videos that are embedded in posts and pages on our Site.
You can review your Internet browser settings to exercise choices you have for certain cookies. If you disable or delete certain cookies in your Internet browser settings, you might not be able to access or use important functions or features of this Sites, and you may be required to re-enter your log-in details.
To learn more about the use of cookies for Google Analytics, please visit the Google Analytics Opt-Out Brower Add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
To learn more about the use of cookies placed by third parties, please see the following:
Taleo
https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-choices.html
Vimeo
https://vimeo.com/cookie_policy
COMPLIANCE WITH THE PRIVACY SHIELD
Ketchum, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States.  Ketchum, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may make changes to this Policy from time to time.  This Site includes a date on which it was last updated.
To ensure that you are always aware of how we use your personal information, we will update this Policy from time to time to reflect any changes to our use of your personal information. We encourage you to review this Policy periodically to be informed of how we use your personal information.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Policy, after which it is deleted from our systems.
Regarding personal information we have processed in connection with the supply of our services to clients, we may retain personal information relevant to our services for up to five years from the date of supply and in compliance with our obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (or similar legislation around the world). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
Regarding any other personal information we have processed, we may retain relevant personal information for up to three years from the date of our last interaction with the relevant individual and in compliance with our obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (or similar legislation around the world). We may then destroy such files without further notice or liability.
If any personal information is only useful for a short period (e.g. for a specific event or marketing campaign or in relation to recruitment), we may delete it at the end of that period.
If you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, we will need to retain certain personal information on a suppression list indefinitely so that we know not to send you further marketing communications in the future.
RECOURSE ENFORCEMENT AND LIABILITY
We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. We have mechanisms in place designed to effect compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles. We conduct an annual self-assessment of personal information handling practices to verify that the attestations and assertions we make about our Privacy Shield privacy practices are true and that such privacy practices have been implemented as represented and in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles.
Consumer Recourse: You may file a complaint concerning our processing of your personal information. We will take steps to remedy issues arising out of any alleged failure to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles. You may contact us as specified below about complaints regarding our personal information handling practices..
CONTACT DETAILS
For questions or concerns about this Policy, or to ask questions or express concerns about our collection, management and processing of personal information, Consumers may by contact us by:
sending an e-mail to privacy.policy@ketchum.com; or
sending us a letter:
Our corporate headquarters:
Attn: General Counsel
Ketchum
1285 6th Avenue, #401
New York, NY 10019
Our office in the EU:
Attn: Data Protection Responsible
Ketchum
Bankside 3
90 Southwark St
London
SE1 OSW
ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If a Consumer’s complaint cannot be resolved through our internal processes, we will cooperate with the alternative dispute resolution provider JAMS (Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services) pursuant to the JAMS International Mediation Rules, available on the JAMS website at: www.jamsadr.com/international-mediation-rules.
JAMS mediation may be commenced as provided for in the relevant JAMS rules. The mediator may propose any appropriate remedy, such as deletion of the relevant personal information, publicity for findings of noncompliance, payment of compensation for losses incurred as a result of noncompliance, or cessation of processing of the personal information of the Consumer who brought the complaint. The mediator or the Consumer also may refer the matter to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which has Privacy Shield investigatory and enforcement powers over us. Under certain circumstances, Consumers also may be able to invoke binding arbitration to address complaints about our compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles.
In addition to the above and under certain conditions, the individual may invoke binding arbitration for complaints that have not been resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms. See Annex 1of the Privacy Shield framework for further information: https://www.privacyshield.gov/servlet/servlet.FileDownload?file=015t00000004qAg.
Click here to modify your Cookie and Privacy Settings.
California Consumer Privacy Statement
Effective: January 1, 2020
This California Consumer Privacy Statement supplements the Ketchum, Inc. Online Privacy Notice and applies solely to California consumers.  This section provides information about our online and offline privacy practices.  This Statement does not apply to our personnel.
This California Consumer Privacy Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”).
Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information
We may collect the following categories of personal information about you:
Identifiers: identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers
Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80: signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information
Protected Classifications: characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, genetic information, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status
Commercial Information: commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Geolocation Data
Sensory Information: audio, electronic, visual, and similar information
Employment Information: professional or employment-related information
Education Information: education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
Inferences: inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We may use the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in our Online Privacy Notice. In addition, we may use these categories of personal information for certain business purposes specified in the CCPA, as described in this table:
Purposes
Categories of Personal Information
Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;
Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
In addition, we may also use the following categories of personal information for purposes of managing our career opportunities: [Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80;
Our Prior Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We may have collected and used your personal information, as described in section 1 above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement.  For the personal information collected during that timeframe, we describe below: (a) the categories of sources from which we may have obtained the personal information, (b) the categories of third parties with whom we may have shared the information, [(c) the categories of personal information we may have sold,] and (d) the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose.
a) Sources of Personal Information
We may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, as described below.
Categories of Sources of Data Collection
Categories of Personal Information
Directly from you, such as when you contact us with a [question or comment]
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;
Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
From your devices, such as when you visit our Site
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Your family or friends, such as [when they provide us with your contact information so we can send information that may interest you]
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Our affiliates and subsidiaries
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Social networks
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Online advertising companies
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Government entities
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Consumer data resellers
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
b) Sharing of Personal Information
We may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, as described below.
Categories of Third Parties
Categories of Personal Information
Our affiliates and subsidiaries
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Vendors who provide services on our behalf
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Our joint marketing partners
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Our business partners
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Advertising networks
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Internet service providers
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Data analytics providers
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Government entities
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Operating systems and platforms
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Social networks
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
Consumer data resellers
[Identifiers; Additional Data Subject to Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80; Protected Classifications; Commercial Information;  Online Activity; Geolocation Data; Sensory Information; Employment Information; Education Information and Inferences]
c) Sale of Personal Information
[We do not sell your personal information in exchange for monetary compensation.].
During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this California Consumer Privacy Statement, we may have sold the following categories of personal information:
[Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.]
We do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization if we have actual knowledge of the individual’s age.
d) Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
We may have disclosed to third parties the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
[Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, and other similar identifiers
Signature, physical characteristics or description, state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information, medical information, and health insurance information
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as race, color, national origin, religion, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, genetic information, disability, citizenship status, and military and veteran status
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements
Geolocation Data
Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information
Professional or employment-related information
Education information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Sec. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99)
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
California Consumer Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as described below.
Access: You may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months.
Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you.
Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information.
[Shine the Light Request: You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third parties.]
How to Submit a Request: To submit an access or deletion request, to  [opt out of the sale of your personal information][if you sell consumer information] or to submit a Shine the Light request, please email us at:  [contact information needed here]
Verifying Requests: To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request If you request access to or deletion of your personal information, we may require you to provide any of the following information: [insert data elements to be used for verification].  In addition, if you ask us to provide you with specific pieces of personal information, we will require you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request.  If you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf (1) we may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so, and (2) for access and deletion requests, we may require you to verify your own identity directly with us (as described above).
Additional Information: If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.  This Statement is available in alternative formats upon request.  Please contact [insert email address] to request this Statement in an alternative format.
[Metrics: Click here [insert link to metrics PDF] for information about the number of requests we received in [insert previous calendar year] and how we responded to those requests.]
Datenschutzerklärung
Wir freuen uns über Ihren Besuch auf unseren Webseiten. Nachfolgend möchten wir Sie über den Umgang mit Ihren Daten gem. Art. 13 Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DSGVO) informieren.
Verantwortlicher
Verantwortlich für die nachfolgend dargestellte Datenerhebung und Verarbeitung ist die im Impressum genannte Stelle.
Speicherung der IP-Adresse
Wir speichern die von Ihrem Webbrowser übermittelte IP-Adresse nicht. Zeigt Ihre IP-Adresse das Land an, aus dem Sie auf unsere Website zugreifen, leiten wir Sie automatisch weiter auf die am besten passende Landesversion unserer globalen Website. Sie können über das Menü eine andere Sprachversion unserer Website aussuchen.
Nutzungsdaten
Wenn Sie unsere Webseiten besuchen, werden auf unserem Webserver temporär sogenannte Nutzungsdaten zu statistischen Zwecken als Protokoll gespeichert, um die Qualität unserer Webseiten zu verbessern. Dieser Datensatz besteht aus
der Seite, von der aus die Datei angefordert wurde,
dem Namen der Datei,
dem Datum und der Uhrzeit der Abfrage,
der übertragenen Datenmenge,
dem Zugriffsstatus (Datei übertragen, Datei nicht gefunden),
der Beschreibung des Typs des verwendeten Webbrowsers,
der IP-Adresse des anfragenden Rechners, die so verkürzt wird, dass ein Personenbezug nicht mehr herstellbar ist.
Die genannten Protokolldaten werden nur anonymisiert gespeichert.
Datenübermittlung an Dritte
Wir übermitteln Ihre Daten im Rahmen einer Auftragsverarbeitung gem. Art. 28 DSGVO an Dienstleister, die uns beim Betrieb unserer Webseiten und der damit zusammenhängenden Prozesse unterstützen. Unsere Dienstleister sind uns gegenüber streng weisungsgebunden und entsprechend vertraglich verpflichtet. Folgende Dienstleister setzen wir ein: Edium / advanced web solutions, Thunbuschstr. 22, 42781 Haan
Cookies
Auf unseren Webseiten nutzen wir Cookies. Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die auf Ihrem Endgerät gespeichert und ausgelesen werden können. Man unterscheidet zwischen Session-Cookies, die wieder gelöscht werden, sobald Sie ihren Browser schließen und permanenten Cookies, die über die einzelne Sitzung hinaus gespeichert werden. Cookies können Daten enthalten, die eine Wiedererkennung des genutzten Geräts möglich machen. Teilweise enthalten Cookies aber auch lediglich Informationen zu bestimmten Einstellungen, die nicht personenbeziehbar sind.
Wir nutzen auf unseren Webseiten Session-Cookies und permanente Cookies. Die Verarbeitung erfolgt auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f) DSGVO und in dem Interesse die Benutzerführung zu optimieren bzw. zu ermöglichen und die Darstellung unserer Webseite anzupassen.
Sie können Ihren Browser so einstellen, dass er Sie über die Platzierung von Cookies informiert. So wird der Gebrauch von Cookies für Sie transparent. Sie können Cookies zudem jederzeit über die entsprechende Browsereinstellung löschen und das Setzen neuer Cookies verhindern. Bitte beachten Sie, dass unsere Webseiten dann ggf. nicht optimal angezeigt werden und einige Funktionen technisch nicht mehr zur Verfügung stehen.
Social Media Plugins
Aus Gründen des Datenschutzes binden wir keine Social Plugins direkt in unseren Webauftritt ein. Wenn Sie unsere Seiten aufrufen, werden daher keine Daten an Social-Media-Dienste wie etwa Facebook, Twitter, XING oder Google+ übermittelt. Eine Profilbildung durch Dritte ist somit ausgeschlossen.
Aus den verschiedenen oben genannten Datenquellen werden von uns anonymisierte Profile zu rein statistischen Zwecken gebildet, die der Verbesserung der Webseite dienen. Zu keiner Zeit werden hier Rückschlüsse auf Personen ermöglicht.
Erläuterungen der Sicherheitsmaßnahmen
Um Ihre Daten vor unerwünschten Zugriffen möglichst umfassend zu schützen, treffen wir technische und organisatorische Maßnahmen. Wir setzen auf unseren Seiten ein Verschlüsselungsverfahren ein. Ihre Angaben werden von Ihrem Rechner zu unserem Server und umgekehrt über das Internet mittels Verschlüsselung übertragen. Sie erkennen dies daran, dass in der Statusleiste Ihres Browsers das Schloss-Symbol geschlossen ist und die Adresszeile mit https:// beginnt.
Rechte des Nutzers
Bei Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten gewährt die DSGVO Ihnen als Webseitennutzer bestimmte Rechte:
Auskunftsrecht (Art. 15 DSGVO): Sie haben das Recht eine Bestätigung darüber zu verlangen, ob Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet werden; ist dies der Fall, so haben Sie ein Recht auf Auskunft über diese personenbezogenen Daten und auf die in Art. 15 DSGVO im Einzelnen aufgeführten Informationen.
Recht auf Berichtigung und Löschung (Art. 16 und 17 DSGVO): Sie haben das Recht, unverzüglich die Berichtigung Sie betreffender unrichtiger personenbezogener Daten und ggf. die Vervollständigung unvollständiger personenbezogener Daten zu verlangen.
Sie haben zudem das Recht, zu verlangen, dass Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten unverzüglich gelöscht werden, sofern einer der in Art. 17 DSGVO im einzelnen aufgeführten Gründe zutrifft, z. B. wenn die Daten für die verfolgten Zwecke nicht mehr benötigt werden.
Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung (Art. 18 DSGVO): Sie haben das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung zu verlangen, wenn eine der in Art. 18 DSGVO aufgeführten Voraussetzungen gegeben ist, z. B. wenn Sie Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung eingelegt haben, für die Dauer einer etwaigen Prüfung.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit (Art. 20 DSGVO): In bestimmten Fällen, die in Art. 20 DSGVO im Einzelnen aufgeführt werden, haben Sie das Recht, die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten bzw. die Übermittlung dieser Daten an einen Dritten zu verlangen.
Widerspruchsrecht (Art. 21 DSGVO): Werden Daten auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f) erhoben (Datenverarbeitung zur Wahrung berechtigter Interessen), steht Ihnen das Recht zu, aus Gründen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, jederzeit gegen die Verarbeitung Widerspruch einzulegen. Wir verarbeiten die personenbezogenen Daten dann nicht mehr, es sei denn, es liegen nachweisbar zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die Verarbeitung vor, die die Interessen, Rechte und Freiheiten der betroffenen Person überwiegen, oder die Verarbeitung dient der Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen.
Beschwerderecht bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde: Sie haben gem. Art. 77 DSGVO das Recht auf Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde, wenn Sie der Ansicht sind, dass die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden Daten gegen datenschutzrechtliche Bestimmungen verstößt. Das Beschwerderecht kann insbesondere bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde in dem Mitgliedstaat Ihres Aufenthaltsorts, Ihres Arbeitsplatzes oder des Orts des mutmaßlichen Verstoßes geltend gemacht werden.
Kontaktdaten Datenschutzbeauftragter
Unser betrieblicher Datenschutzbeauftragter steht Ihnen gerne für Auskünfte oder Anregungen zum Thema Datenschutz zur Verfügung:
Dr. Uwe Schläger
datenschutz nord GmbH
Web: www.datenschutz-nord-guppe.de
E-Mail: office@datenschutz-nord.de
Telefon: 0421 69 66 32 0
Social-Media-Kanäle
Wir betreiben offizielle Social-Media-Kanäle unter den nachfolgenden Adressen:
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/KetchumGER/
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/ketchumger/
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/user/ketchumpleonger
Twitter: https://twitter.com/KetchumGER
Xing: https://www.xing.com/company/ketchum
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ketchumger/
Pinterest: https://www.pinterest.de/ketchumGER/
Wenn Sie uns über diese Kanäle kontaktieren, verarbeiten wir Ihre Daten im Rahmen von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b) DSGVO ausschließlich zur Beantwortung Ihrer Anfrage. Die von Ihnen auf diesen Seiten eingegebenen Daten wie z.B. Kommentare, Videos oder Bilder, werden von uns nicht für andere Zwecke verwendet oder verarbeitet. Bitte beachten Sie außerdem die Datenschutzbestimmungen des jeweiligen Plattformbetreibers.
Die genannten sozialen Netzwerke setzen sogenannte Webtracking-Methoden ein. Bitte seien Sie sich darüber bewusst: Es kann nicht ausgeschlossen werden, dass diese Seiten Ihre Profildaten nutzen, etwa um Ihre Gewohnheiten, persönlichen Beziehungen, Vorlieben usw. auszuwerten. Wir haben keinerlei Einfluss auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten durch die genannten sozialen Netzwerke.
Unsere Facebook Unternehmensseite
Wir betreiben unter der URL https://www.facebook.com/KetchumGER/ eine offizielle Facebook-Seite auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. f) DSGVO. Facebook stellt uns über die sogenannten „Insights“ statistische Daten zur Verfügung, durch die Interaktionen von Nutzern auf bzw. mit der Seite erkannt werden können. Wir nutzen diese in aggregierter Form verfügbaren Daten, um unsere Beiträge und Aktivitäten auf unserer Facebook-Seite für die Benutzer attraktiver zu machen.
Facebook setzt darüber hinaus sogenannte Webtracking-Methoden auf dieser Seite ein. Bitte seien Sie sich darüber bewusst: Es kann nicht ausgeschlossen werden, dass Facebook Ihre Profildaten nutzt, etwa um Ihre Gewohnheiten, persönlichen Beziehungen, Vorlieben usw. auszuwerten. Wir haben keinerlei Einfluss auf die Verarbeitung Ihrer Daten durch Facebook.
Sonstige Datenverarbeitungen werden von uns nicht vorgenommen oder initiiert. Die von Ihnen auf unserer Facebook-Seite eingegebenen Daten wie z.B. Kommentare, Videos oder Bilder, werden von uns zu keinem Zeitpunkt für andere Zwecke verwendet oder verarbeitet.
Rechte der Nutzer:
Nach der Entscheidung des Europäischen Gerichtshofes ist der Betreiber einer Facebook-Seite gemeinsam mit Facebook für die Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten verantwortlich. Im Hinblick auf die Vorschriften der DSGVO zur gemeinsamen Verantwortung haben wir mit Facebook eine Vereinbarung getroffen, nach der Facebook die Verantwortung für die Verarbeitung von „Insights“ Daten übernimmt und sämtliche hieraus resultierenden Pflichten aus der DSGVO gegenüber den Nutzern erfüllen wird.
Näheres zu der Datenschutzerklärung von Facebook finden Sie hier.
Auskunftsanfragen zu „Insights“, die an uns gerichtet sind, werden wir unmittelbar an Facebook weiterleiten.
Anfragen per E-Mail oder Telefon
Sie haben die Möglichkeit, mit uns per E-Mail oder Telefon in Kontakt zu treten. Wir verarbeiten die Daten, die Sie uns im Rahmen Ihrer Anfrage übermitteln auf der Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. b) DSGVO ausschließlich zur Beantwortung Ihrer Anfrage. Ihre Daten werden anschließend gelöscht. Eine Weitergabe an Dritte erfolgt nicht.
Online-Spiel „Keep the award moving“
Wir freuen uns darüber, dass Sie unser Online-Spiel „Keep the award moving“ (nachfolgend „Spiel“) nutzen. Nachfolgend möchten wir Sie über den Umgang mit Ihren Daten gem. Art. 13 Datenschutzgrundverordnung (DSGVO) informieren.
9.1 Verantwortlicher
Verantwortlich für die Datenverarbeitung im Rahmen des Spiels ist die Ketchum GmbH, Bahnstraße 2, 40212 Düsseldorf.
9.2 Spiel
Sie können das Spiel durchweg anonym – also ohne Preisgabe von persönlichen Daten. – nutzen. Für die Teilnahme müssen Sie lediglich einen Nickname angeben, der nicht mit Ihrem tatsächlichen Namen übereinstimmen muss.
Nach Beendigung des Spiels können Sie Ihren Punktestand über den Button „Teilen“ auf Ihrem Social Media Profil bei Facebook, Xing, LinkedIn und/oder Twitter veröffentlichen. Abhängig von Ihren Profileinstellungen ist Ihr Punktestand dann entweder für jedermann frei im Internet sichtbar oder nur für bestimmte Nutzer der Social-Media-Plattform. Rechtsgrundlage für diese Datenverarbeitung ist Ihre Einwilligung gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 lit. a) DSGVO. Sie können die Einwilligung jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft widerrufen, indem Sie den betreffenden Eintrag aus Ihrem Social Media Profil löschen.
Über den Button „Mehr erfahren“ können Sie sich an uns wenden und weitere Informationen zu Gamification in der Kommunikation erhalten. Dafür wird eine E-Mail an unseren Account gamification@ketchum.de erzeugt, die Sie dann textlich füllen und an uns senden können. Sie entscheiden selbst, welche Informationen Sie uns mitteilen möchten. Wir verarbeiten Ihre Daten nur zur Beantwortung Ihrer Anfrage und löschen sie, sobald sie hierfür nicht mehr erforderlich sind und keine gesetzlichen Aufbewahrungspflichten entgegenstehen. Ihre E-Mail-Adresse und Ihre Anfrage verarbeiten wir auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung nach Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. a) DSGVO. Sie können Ihre Einwilligung jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft widerrufen. Schicken Sie uns einfach Ihren Widerruf formlos per E-Mail an die oben angegebene Adresse.
9.3 Nutzungsdaten
Wenn Sie unsere Webseiten besuchen, werden auf unserem Webserver temporär sogenannte Nutzungsdaten zu statistischen Zwecken als Protokoll ausgewertet, um die Qualität unserer Webseiten zu verbessern. Dieser Datensatz besteht aus
dem Namen und der Adresse der angeforderten Inhalte,
dem Datum und der Uhrzeit der Abfrage,
der übertragenen Datenmenge,
dem Zugriffsstatus (Inhalt übertragen, Inhalt nicht gefunden),
der Beschreibung des verwendeten Webbrowsers und des Betriebssystems,
dem Referral-Link, der angibt, von welcher Seite Sie auf unsere gelangt sind,
der IP-Adresse des anfragenden Rechners, die so verkürzt wird, dass ein Personenbezug nicht mehr herstellbar ist.
Die genannten Protokolldaten werden nur anonymisiert ausgewertet.
9.4 Anonyme Besuchermessung
Wir führen eine anonyme Besuchermessung mit Hilfe des Tools Matomo/Piwik durch. Hierfür werden die Protokolldaten des Webservers sowie die gekürzte IP-Adresse ausgewertet. Rückschlüsse auf Ihre Person sind dabei nicht möglich.
9.5 Ihre Rechte als betroffene Person
Bei der Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten gewährt die DSGVO Ihnen als betroffene Person bestimmte Rechte:
Auskunftsrecht (Art. 15 DSGVO)
Sie haben das Recht eine Bestätigung darüber zu verlangen, ob Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten verarbeitet werden; ist dies der Fall, so haben Sie ein Recht auf Auskunft über diese personenbezogenen Daten und auf die in Art. 15 DSGVO im Einzelnen aufgeführten Informationen.
Recht auf Berichtigung (Art. 16 DSGVO)
Sie haben das Recht, unverzüglich die Berichtigung Sie betreffender unrichtiger personenbezogener Daten und ggf. die Vervollständigung unvollständiger Daten zu verlangen.
Recht auf Löschung (Art. 17 DSGVO)
Sie haben das Recht, zu verlangen, dass Sie betreffende personenbezogene Daten unverzüglich gelöscht werden, sofern einer der in Art. 17 DSGVO im Einzelnen aufgeführten Gründe zutrifft.
Recht auf Einschränkung der Verarbeitung (Art. 18 DSGVO)
Sie haben das Recht, die Einschränkung der Verarbeitung zu verlangen, wenn eine der in Art. 18 DSGVO aufgeführten Voraussetzungen gegeben ist, z. B. wenn Sie Widerspruch gegen die Verarbeitung eingelegt haben, für die Dauer der Prüfung durch den Verantwortlichen.
Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit (Art. 20 DSGVO)
In bestimmten Fällen, die in Art. 20 DSGVO im Einzelnen aufgeführt sind, haben Sie das Recht, die Sie betreffenden personenbezogenen Daten in einem strukturierten, gängigen und maschinenlesbaren Format zu erhalten bzw. die Übermittlung dieser Daten an einen Dritten zu verlangen.
Widerrufsrecht (Art. 7 DSGVO)
Sofern die Verarbeitung von Daten auf Grundlage Ihrer Einwilligung erfolgt, sind Sie nach Art. 7 Abs. 3 DSGVO berechtigt, die Einwilligung in die Verwendung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit zu widerrufen. Bitte beachten Sie, dass der Widerruf erst für die Zukunft wirkt. Verarbeitungen, die vor dem Widerruf erfolgt sind, sind davon nicht betroffen.
Widerspruchsrecht (Art. 21 DSGVO)
Werden Daten auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. f DSGVO (Datenverarbeitung zur Wahrung berechtigter Interessen) oder auf Grundlage von Art. 6 Abs. 1 S. 1 lit. e DSGVO (Datenverarbeitung zur Wahrung öffentlichen Interesse oder in Ausübung öffentlicher Gewalt) erhoben, steht Ihnen das Recht zu, aus Gründen, die sich aus Ihrer besonderen Situation ergeben, jederzeit gegen die Verarbeitung Widerspruch einzulegen. Wir verarbeiten die personenbezogenen Daten dann nicht mehr, es sei denn, es liegen nachweisbar zwingende schutzwürdige Gründe für die Verarbeitung vor, die gegenüber Ihren Interessen, Rechten und Freiheiten überwiegen, oder die Verarbeitung dient der Geltendmachung, Ausübung oder Verteidigung von Rechtsansprüchen.
Beschwerderecht bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde (Art. 77 DSGVO)
Sie haben gem. Art. 77 DSGVO das Recht auf Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde, wenn Sie der Ansicht sind, dass die Verarbeitung der Sie betreffenden Daten gegen datenschutzrechtliche Bestimmungen verstößt. Das Beschwerderecht kann insbesondere bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde in dem Mitgliedstaat Ihres gewöhnlichen Aufenthaltsorts, Ihres Arbeitsplatzes oder des Orts des mutmaßlichen Verstoßes geltend gemacht werden.
Geltendmachung Ihrer Rechte
Sofern vorstehend nichts anderes beschrieben wurde, wenden Sie sich zur Geltendmachung Ihrer Betroffenenrechte bitte an die im Impressum genannte Stelle.
9.6 Kontaktdaten des Datenschutzbeauftragten
Unser externer Datenschutzbeauftragter steht Ihnen gerne für Auskünfte zum Thema Datenschutz unter folgenden Kontaktdaten zur Verfügung:
datenschutz nord GmbH
Konsul-Smidt-Straße 88
28217 Bremen
Web: www.datenschutz-nord-gruppe.de
E-Mail: office@datenschutz-nord.de
Wenn Sie sich an unseren Datenschutzbeauftragten wenden, geben Sie hierbei bitte auch die verantwortliche Stelle an, die oben unter Ziff.1 genannt wird.
Rückseite auswählen
Adventskalender / Gewinnspiele
Für die Gewinnspiele im Rahmen unseres Ketchum-Adventskalenders gelten folgende Regeln:
Mitmachen kann jeder über 18 Jahre, der eine gültige Postadresse in Deutschland hat. Eine Teilnahme über Dritte, insbesondere Gewinnspielservice-Anbieter, ist ausgeschlossen.
Zur Teilnahme an den Online-Gewinnspielen ist die Angabe eines Klarnamens und einer gültigen E-Mail-Adresse erforderlich, damit die Gewinner kontaktiert und eine Postadresse angefragt werden können. Für die Zusendung von Sachpreisen muss der/die Gewinner(in) eine gültige Postadresse angeben. Für die Richtigkeit der persönlichen Angaben ist der/die Teilnehmer(in) selbst verantwortlich. Die personenbezogenen Daten werden nicht für Werbezwecke verwendet.
Um an einem Gewinnspiel teilzunehmen, müssen die jeweiligen Aufgaben des Gewinnspiels am jeweiligen Spieltag umgesetzt werden. Die Teilnahme und die Übermittlung muss innerhalb der im Gewinnspiel genannten Frist, d. h. am jeweiligen Kalendertag bis 23:59 Uhr erfolgen.
Zur Überprüfung der Fristwahrung dient das Datum und die Uhrzeit nach Senden des Teilnahmeformulars.
Der Teilnehmer ist verpflichtet Angaben zu machen, die der Wahrheit entsprechen.
Die/er Gewinner(in) werden von Ketchum unter allen Teilnehmern des jeweiligen Gewinnspieltages per Los ermittelt und anschließend zeitnah per E-Mail benachrichtigt. Eine Barauszahlung der Gewinne oder ein etwaiger Gewinnersatz ist in keinem Falle möglich. Der Anspruch auf den Gewinn oder Gewinnersatz kann nicht abgetreten werden.
Durch die Gewinnspielteilnahme erklärt sich der Teilnehmende ausdrücklich damit einverstanden, dass Ketchum die dazu erforderlichen personenbezogenen Daten für die Dauer des Gewinnspiels erhebt und verarbeitet. Dies gilt auch für die personenbezogenen Daten, die im Falle eines Online-Spiels auf einer externen Website erhoben werden. Die Erhebung und Verarbeitung der Daten erfolgt ausschließlich zum Zweck der Durchführung und Abwicklung eines Gewinnspiels, nicht zu Werbezwecken. Eine Nutzung für andere Zwecke findet nicht statt. Es steht dem Teilnehmer jederzeit frei, per Widerruf unter Advent2020@ketchum.de die Einwilligung in die Speicherung aufzuheben und somit von der Teilnahme zurückzutreten. Die über den Teilnehmer gespeicherten Daten werden dementsprechend gelöscht.
Ketchum wird mit der Aushändigung des Gewinns von allen Verpflichtungen frei, sofern sich nicht aus diesen Regelungen schon ein früherer Zeitpunkt ergibt.
Der Rechtsweg ist ausgeschlossen.
Es ist ausschließlich das Recht der Bundesrepublik Deutschland anwendbar.
Sollten einzelne dieser Bestimmungen ungültig sein oder werden, bleibt die Gültigkeit der übrigen Nutzungsbedingungen hiervon unberührt.
Diese Nutzungsbedingungen können jederzeit von Ketchum ohne gesonderte Benachrichtigung geändert werden.
impressum
Angaben gemäß § 5 TMG:
Anbieter
„www.ketchum.de / www.ketchum.com/germany“ ist ein Projekt der Ketchum Deutschland.
Ketchum GmbH
Bahnstraße 2
40212 Düsseldorf
Vertretungsberechtigte
Dr. Sabine Hückmann (CEO), Mark Hume, Oliver Welz
Handelsregister
HRB 26544, AG Düsseldorf
Umsatzsteuer-Identifikationsnummer
gemäß § 27 a UStG:
DE 122122583
Verantwortlich für den Inhalt nach § 55 Abs.2 RStV
Dr. Sabine Hückmann (CEO)
Umwelt– und Energiepolicy der Omnicom Holding Germany GmbH
Vision:
Die Omnicom Holding Germany GmbH und die angeschlossenen Agenturen und Networks streben an, im Bereich Kommunikation als nachhaltiger Branchenführer anerkannt werden. Deshalb entwickeln und bieten wir innovative Lösungen an, die den Bedürfnissen unserer Kunden gerecht werden und die zugleich den weltweit gültigen Grundsätzen von Nachhaltigkeit sowie den Umwelt- und Energieeffizienz-Managementsystemen Rechnung tragen.
Unsere Grundsätze:
Wir führen unser Geschäft mit dem Bewusstsein, die natürlichen Ressourcen so weit wie möglich zu schonen. Dazu gehören der Respekt und die Rücksichtnahme auf die Umwelt. Bei Nachhaltigkeits-Themen setzen wir auf eine sichtbare Führung, auf Eigenverantwortung und direkte Verantwortlichkeit auf allen Ebenen der Omnicom Holding Germany GmbH und der angeschlossenen Networks. Wir arbeiten ständig an der Verbesserung unserer Geschäftsprozesse und erfüllen oder übertreffen dabei die gesetzlichen Anforderungen und maßgeblichen internationalen Standards. Wir liefern Dienstleistungen von hoher Qualität, die unseren Kunden zum Erfolg verhelfen und den Wert des Unternehmens steigern. Wir bieten ein Umfeld, in dem über Nachhaltigkeitsfragestellungen offen und vertrauensvoll gesprochen werden kann. Wir sind uns bewusst, dass die Fähigkeiten unserer Mitarbeiter und deren Einbindung wesentliche Voraussetzungen sind, um die Bedürfnisse unseres Unternehmens und unserer Kunden zu verstehen und zu befriedigen. Wir stellen die Ressourcen bereit, die für die Erreichung dieser Ziele notwendig sind.
Unsere Zusage:
Um diese Grundsätze zu befolgen, werden die Omnicom Holding Germany GmbH und die angeschlossenen Networks
Nachhaltigkeitsbelange in die Geschäftsprozesse einbeziehen.
Nachhaltigkeit wirkungsvoll umsetzen durch die Entwicklung, Etablierung und Erhaltung eines prozessorientierten integrierten Managementsystems, das bewährten Standards entspricht.
die Nachhaltigkeitsrisiken für unser Geschäft über den gesamten Entwicklungs- und Lebenszyklus unserer Dienstleistungen hinweg stetig bewerten und begrenzen.
die Nachhaltigkeitsleistung messen und jährliche sowie längerfristige Nachhaltigkeitsziele festlegen, um so kontinuierliche und dauerhafte Verbesserungen zu erreichen.
die Einhaltung interner und externer Anforderungen durch Audits überprüfen und nach der Erfüllung internationaler Standards wie ISO 14001 und ISO 50001 streben.
sich mit Nachhaltigkeitsfragen und deren Auswirkungen auf Arbeitspraktiken, Prozesse und Produkte befassen, damit unsere Geschäftstätigkeit in Einklang mit den Erwartungen der Öffentlichkeit und unserer Kunden steht.
das Bewusstsein für Nachhaltigkeit steigern und das Vertrauen aller unserem Unternehmen verbundenen Personengruppen durch Kommunikation, Schulung und Beratung erhöhen.
jeden Mitarbeiter in Bezug auf seinen Einsatz für Nachhaltigkeitsbelange und die Befolgung unserer Grundsätze in die Pflicht nehmen.
We use cookies to give you the best online experience, and to analyze our traffic. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. Adjust your cookie settings anytime using our Privacy Settings.
OK
Privacy Policy - Datenschutzerklärung
Privacy Settings
Cookie Policy
Privacy Settings saved!
Privacy Settings
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. Control your personal Cookie Services here.
Analytics
Necessary
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Cookies to measure the quality and performance of site content. Google Tag ManagerWe use Google Tag Manager to monitor our traffic, measure the quality and performance of content, and to help us test new features._ga_gat_UA-214162-2_gidThese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Technical CookiesThe following required cookies are for technical purposes only, and do not track any personal information.wordpress_test_cookie wordpress_logged_in_ wordpress_sec New RelicAnonymously measures this website's functional performance. For information on New Relic's cookie policy, please visit their website: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/cookie-policyJSESSIONID VimeoWe use Vimeo to play back high resolution video. To view Vimeo's privacy and cookie policy, please visit their website: https://vimeo.com/cookie_policyvuid
Decline all Services
Accept all Services