http://www.paycheckservices.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
PAYE Contractors
CIS Contractors
Take Home Pay Calculator
Register
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Paycheck Services LTD operates the https://www.paycheckservices.co.uk website, which provides the service.This page is used to inform website visitors/Employee’s/clients regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service/ the www.paycheckservices.co.uk website. Also to inform our Employee’s/clients how their personal information is used and protected. Paycheck Services values your privacy and is registered with the Information Commissioner (ICO) as a data controller.If you choose to use our Service, then you give your consent to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.Website Information Collection and UseFor a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, Date of Birth, phone number, e-mail and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.IP AddressesWe wish to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics. For example; Google Analytics.'Google Analytics' is a tool we use to collect information about your use of the site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users access the site, which pages they visit, when they do so, etc. We use the information we obtain from Google Analytics only to improve our site and services. Google Analytics collects the IP address assigned to you on the day you visit the site, rather thanyour name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by Google Analytics https://policies.google.com/privacyCookiesCookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.Our website uses these "cookies" for the collection information and to improve our Service. These purposes include allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enabling automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and our services quicker and easier.Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but Personal Information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. You may remove the cookies by following the instructions of your device preferences; however, if you choose to disable cookies, some features of our site may not operate properly and your online experience may be limited.The site uses the following types of cookies:a. 'Session Cookies' which are stored only temporarily during a browsing session in order to allow normal use of the system and are deleted from your device when the browser is closed.b. ' Persistent Cookies' which are read only by the site, saved on your computer for a fixed period and are not deleted when the browser is closed. Such cookies are used where we need to know who you are for repeat visits, for example to allow us to store your preferences for the next sign in.Links to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.Your ConsentBy submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. Passing On your personal information to third parties. We may need to pass your personal data on to selected and trusted third parties. The third parties we may share information with are:HMRC, The Pensions Regulator (TPR), Department of Work & Pensions (DWP) or other regulatory or governing bodies for compliance purposes. We have a legal obligation to share data for this purpose.NEST pension provider. To give you the opportunity to set up a private pension, as per our legal compliance obligation. www.nestpensions.org.uk/privacypolicy There is a legitimate interest to share data for this purpose.Recruitment Business. To enable them to manage the assignment on which you are engaged to provide services on our behalf and comply with their legal and regulatory obligations (including quarterly payroll worker reports to HMRC). There is a legitimateinterest to share data for this purpose.End Clients. To whom you are enagaged to enable them to manage your engagement; protect your health and safety at work; process working time and comply with their legal,regulatory and contractual obligations. There is a legitimate interest to share datafor this purpose.Third party processors and any third party to whom we may need to disclose personal information to comply with our legal, regulatory and statutory obligations or as part of a legal process.Any other third party where you've given your consent. What personal Information we use and how long we keep it forData we use : Individual information including (but not limited to) : forenames, surname, National Insurance number, job title, date of birth, gender, telephone number, address history, email, copies of identification documents (including Driving Licence, birth certificate, passport, other documents providing proof of name & address), nationality, HMRC documents, tax code, rate of pay, earnings etcHow long we keep it for : We will keep this information for the minimum of 6 years, in accordance with HMRC/Goverment guidelines.How we will use your personal InformationWe will only use the personal information we have collected in order to provide the service you have requested us to provide.Use of 3rd party software using your personal informationFor internal office use only, we use Meistertask, to organise and improve customer relationship management. Meistertask does not have access to any of your personal information displayed on our internal system.If you wish to read Meistertask updated privacy policy in accordance with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) EU Regulation 2016/679, please see the website address below:www.meistertask.com/blog/care-data-meisterlabs/VT Software / Hartigan Software is used in order to submit real time information (RTI) to HMRC for compliance purposes. And any other requested documents by HMRC or other regulatory/governing bodies.If you wish to read VT Software's updated privacy policy in accordance with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) EU Regulation 2016/679, please see the website address below:www.vtsoftware.co.uk/gdpr/index.htmIf you wish to read Hartigan Software's updated privacy policy in accordance with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) EU Regulation 2016/679, please see the website address belowwww.hartigansoftware.co.uk/privacyPolicy.htmlDOCUSIGN software is used in order for you to receive contractual documents, any documents requiring a signature, in the most efficient and Eco friendly manner. You do have the right to request that any such documents are to be posted and not sent to you via Docusign. You can do this by contacting us. Please see details under the Contact Us Section of this policy.www.docusign.co.uk/company/privacy-policySENDINC software is used for encryption purposes when sending any personal information via email (pay advice etc) to you. You do have the right to request that any personal information for example your pay advice, is not emailed to you using this encryption software. You can request that the information (pay advice) is posted. To contact us please see details under the Contact Us sectionof this policy.www.excelmicro.com/excel-micro-privacy-policyHow we protect your informationWe value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely.When sending personal information via e-mail ( pay advice etc) it will be sent as an encrypted attachment.All information you provide to us is stored on our secure server.Children’s PrivacyOur Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.Your rightsThe Data protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access information held about you.You can make a ‘subject access request’ according to the act by applying in writing to the address below. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet the costs related to providing the information.You have the right to make a request to :Restrict or object to the processing of the personal data we hold about you.Erase your personal date (after the minimum term we have to hold your data, as per this policy).To make a request under these rights you can write to us at Paycheck Services Ltd, 2 Wynnstay Road, Colwyn Bay, Conwy. LL29 8NB or email us at paycheck@paycheckservices.co.ukPolicy UpdatesWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.We will also e-mail you should we make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way.How to Contact usYou can contact us in writing at : Paycheck Services Ltd 2 Wynnstay RoadColwyn Bay, Conwy. Ll29 8NBBy Phone : 01492 536111By Email : paycheck@paycheckservices.co.ukThis document was last updated on the 24th of May, 2018
Home
| PAYE Umbrella Company
| CIS Umbrella Company
| Umbrella Company Quote
| Register
| Legal Notice
| Privacy Policy
| Contact
Contact Us 2 Wynnstay Road, Colwyn Bay, LL29 8NB
Tel:
01492 536 111Fax: 01492 536 100
E-mail:
paycheck@paycheckservices.co.uk
Share by: