http://www.natrol.com/privacy-policy
Buy any 3 or more products, get 15% off with code NHoliday15.     *Exclusions apply
Toggle navigation
Search
Search
Shop By Benefit
BEAUTY & HEALTHY AGING
BONE & JOINT SUPPORT
BRAIN HEALTH
DIGESTIVE HEALTH
ENERGY SUPPORT
GENERAL HEALTH
GUMMIES
HAIR GROWTH AND REJUVENATION
HEART HEALTH
IMMUNE & ANTIOXIDANT SUPPORT
MEN’S HEALTH
MOOD & STRESS
SLEEP SUPPORT
WEIGHT MANAGEMENT
WOMEN’S HEALTH
VIEW ALL PRODUCTS »
Shop By Ingredient
5-HTP
Alpha Lipoic Acid
Ashwagandha
Açai Berry
Biotin
Cinnamon Extract
CoQ-10
Cognium & Brain Health
Collagen
Cranberry Extract
DHEA
Glucosamine
Kids Melatonin
Melatonin
Omega-3 Fish Oil
Prebiotics & Probiotics
Relaxia
Vitamin B
Vitamin C
Vitamin D
view all »
Relaxia
Health Tips & Tools
SIGN IN / REGISTER
• Sign out
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. As part of our efforts to facilitate and make your experience with the Natrol LLC (“Natrol”) Website as user-friendly and enjoyable as possible, we may collect and use certain information you provide to us. This Privacy Policy addresses the collection, use, and disclosure of information that Natrol may gather during your use of the Website. UNLESS OTHERWISE DEFINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, TERMS USED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY HAVE THE SAME MEANINGS AS IN THE WEBSITE TERMS OF USE.
Please review the entire policy to learn the types of End User information Natrol gathers, how Natrol uses that End User information, what End User information is disclosed and to what third parties, and how Natrol safeguards your End User information.
Please also check back periodically as this Privacy Policy may change from time to time.
We will notify you of any material changes by publishing the new Privacy Policy on the Website.
The End User information Natrol gathers is and will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is gathered.
Should you have any questions or concerns at any time, please feel free to contact us.
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Natrol Website.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any websites managed, maintained, and/or hosted by third parties not directly affiliated with Natrol that you may visit, e.g., via a link provided through the Website or on a website maintained by any third party.
Natrol does not control the privacy policies of other websites to which we may provide hyperlinks.
We encourage you to learn more about the online privacy and data security policies of third party websites directly from such third parties, as their policies may differ from ours.
By submitting your information to us and by using the Website, Natrol will assume that you have read, understood, and consent to the Agreement, which includes this Privacy Policy, the Website Terms of Use, and all other applicable Natrol rules and policies.
We also assume that you consent to Natrol’ use of your information as described in the Agreement.
If you do not consent, you should not access or use the Website.
I.Information Natrol Collects
A.Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may ask you for personally identifiable information if, for example, you contact us requesting information or a demonstration of our services.
This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”).
Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your full name, email address, and any other information that could be used to personally identify you.
Personal Information may also include payment information, account profile information, correspondence information, health information, technical information, online activity information, and marketing and communications information.
For a full list of the categories of Personal Information that Natrol has collected through the Website in the last twelve (12) months, please see the Chart of Personal Data attached hereto as Appendix 1.
We also collect other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your account with us that does not identify you (“Non-Identifying Information”).
Non-Identifying Information includes, but is not limited to, your zip code (on its own) and individual preferences.
Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified.
But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your gender only or your viewing preferences).
We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Website, facilitate and complete transactions for you, and respond to correspondence from you.
We may also use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your
account information.
We may also combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Website, and to analyze and understand how the Website is used.
B.Usage Data
When you visit the Website, whether you are logged in or just browsing without logging in, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.
The information sent automatically by your browser is referred to as “Usage Data.”
This Usage Data may include information such as the manufacturer and model of your device; your Internet Service Provider (ISP); your device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (or other device identifier), browser type, and operating system; referring/exit pages; clickstream data; Website access times and dates, pages of the Website that you visit, the time spent on those pages, and information you search for on the Website; and other statistics.
We use this information for technical administration of the Website, including to monitor and analyze use of the Website, to increase the functionality and user-friendliness of the Website, and to better tailor the Website to End Users’ needs.
Usage Data may be non-identifying or it may be associated with you.
Whenever we associate Usage Data with Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information.
II.Collection of Information
Natrol may use a number of different techniques and technologies to collect Personal Information, Non-Identifying Information, and Usage Data.
For example, Natrol may use cookies, log files, clear gifs, pixel tags, embedded scripts, and/or other technology used to monitor your use of the Website.
A.Forms
We request certain information from you through the use of forms when you (a) register with the Website and/or (b) purchase products featured on the Website.
B.Cookies
As is regular practice on many websites, the Website uses cookies and other technologies to help us understand which parts of the Website are more popular and how much time users spend there.
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to and stored on your device from our server.
Cookies may, for example, allow a user to enter a password less frequently or remember a user’s preferences during an online session.
The Website uses cookies for certain business purposes.
The Website may include first-party cookies (i.e., cookies that send data directly to Natrol and agents and contractors acting on behalf of Natrol, including cookies used to monitor, analyze, and administer the Website) and third-party cookies (i.e., cookies that send data to our contractors for their commercial use). The cookies on our Website may also track Internet activity across different websites. Since cookies are now used as industry standard, most devices automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your device’s settings to decline them. If you prefer not to enable cookies, you may choose to disable them; however, please note that certain features on the Website will not be available to you once cookies are disabled.
C.Usage Data
Usage Data are collected automatically by the Website’s servers and software.
For example, because the Website automatically collects Usage Data for all End Users that visit the Website, your Website session will be tracked. You agree that we may collect and use technical data and related information, including technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripherals, to maintain and support the Website generally.
Additionally, in some of our email messages, Natrol may use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Website.
When an End User clicks onto one of these URLs, the End User will pass through our server before arriving at the destination Web page.
Natrol tracks this click-through data to help us determine End User interest in certain subject matter and measure the effectiveness of these End User communications.
You can avoid being tracked in this way by not clicking text or graphic links in emails from Natrol.
Finally, we may use clear gifs or pixel tags, which are tiny graphic images, in order: (i) to advise us of what parts of the Website End Users have visited, (ii) to measure the effectiveness of any searches End Users perform, and (iii) to enable us to send emails in a format that End Users can read and tell us whether such emails have been opened in order to ensure us that we are sending messages that are of interest to End Users.
D.Tracking
Some Web browsers may be configured to send Do Not Track signals to websites, or users may use similar mechanisms, to indicate a user’s preference that certain web technologies not be used to track the user’s online activity.
The Website does not accept or process such Do Not Track signals or similar mechanisms.
E.Public Communications
Please note that if you use any bulletin board, chat room, comment posting feature, or other public communication service, forum, or feature offered through the Website, or post any information available for viewing by other End Users, any of the information that you share will be visible to other End Users. The information that you make available can be read, used, and collected by other End Users to send you unsolicited messages outside of the Website. Natrol is not responsible for the manner in which the Personal Information that you decide to share will be used by other End Users.
III.Use and Sharing of Information by Natrol
The End User information that Natrol collects may be added to our databases and used for business purposes, including for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of End Users’ behavior, for product development, for content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of the Website.
In addition, Natrol will, on occasion, send emails to you about the Website or third-party products. If you do not want to receive email from us, visit the “Opt Out” or “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any Natrol email to remove yourself from continued receipt of such email messages.
Natrol’ policy is not to share the End User information it collects with third parties other than as specified below, or where an End User expressly consents to our sharing of certain information with a third party. We may share End User information with third parties under the following circumstances:
A.Business Partners and Vendors
We may employ third party companies and individuals for any of the following:
to facilitate the Website; to provide the Website or portions of the Website on our behalf; to perform related services, including without limitation, maintenance services, database management, fulfillment, web analytics, and improvement of the features or functionality; or to assist us in analyzing how the Website is being used.
Under certain circumstances, you may avoid having Natrol share your information with its business partners and vendors by not granting Natrol permission to share your information. Not granting Natrol permission to share your information with its business partners or vendors may limit your access to their services through the Website.
B.Promotions
From time to time, we may offer promotions through the Website that require a separate registration.
By participating in such a promotion, you agree to the official rules for the promotion, which may require that you provide certain information. Information collected in connection with a promotion will be used consistently with the promotion’s official rules and this Privacy Policy.
C.Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, sell, or share assets in connection with, for example, a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy.
In such transactions, information about End Users generally is often a transferred business asset.
In the event that Natrol itself or substantially all of Natrol’ assets are acquired, information about our End Users may be one of the transferred assets.
D.Compliance with Law and Protection of Natrol and Others
We may release End User information when we believe, in our sole discretion, that release is appropriate: to comply with the law, including but not limited to, in response to a subpoena served on Natrol; to enforce or apply the Agreement, including the Website Terms of Use and other applicable agreements, rules, and policies; to protect the rights, property, or safety of Natrol, our End Users, or others; or to prevent activity that we believe, in our sole discretion, may be or may become illegal, unethical, or legally actionable (including exchanging End User information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection).
E.Aggregate Site Use Information
We may release aggregate End User information (without revealing any Personal Information about you) to advertisers and other third parties in order to promote or describe use of the Website.
IV.International Transfer
By accessing and using the Website, you acknowledge and agree that Natrol controls (and No Limits Interactive, Inc. operates) all parts of the Website from its offices in the United States of America and that the Website is intended for use by End Users located in the United States of America.
Unless expressly stated to the contrary, Natrol makes no representation that the Website is appropriate or will be available for use in other locations.
If you access the Website from outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers and servers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
Your consent to the Agreement followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to the transfer of such information to the United States and the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with United States law and our Privacy Policy.
V.Changing or Deleting Your Information
All End Users who have created an account on the Website may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us.
If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated.
We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
VI.Security
We employ administrative, physical, and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
For example, we use commercially reasonable security measures such as encryption, firewalls, and secure socket layers (SSL) to protect End User information.
Please note that no security system is impenetrable. Accordingly, we do not guarantee the security of our databases, nor that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet or other network.
Any information you transmit to Natrol, you do at your own risk.
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting through the Website in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
VII.Children’s Privacy
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children.
End Users must be at least thirteen (13) years of age to access and use the Website.
Any access to or use of the Website by anyone under the age of thirteen (13) is unauthorized, unlicensed, and in violation of the Agreement.
By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you are thirteen (13) years of age or older and that you agree to and agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions of the Agreement.
If Natrol believes that you are under the age of thirteen (13) or that you are not old enough to consent to and be legally bound by the Agreement, Natrol may, at any time, in its sole discretion, and with or without notice: (i) terminate your access to or use of the Website (or any portion, aspect, or feature of them), or (ii) delete any content or information that you have posted through the Website.
VIII.Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Natrol, LLC
Attn: Legal Department
21411 Prairie Street
Chatsworth, CA 91311
privacy@natrol.com
1-800-262-8765
APPENDIX 1: Chart of Personal Data
Identifiers
Examples: A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name or other similar identifiers.
Sources of Information: We collect this information from our users, consumers, and business partners. We also generate identifiers internally.
Collected: Yes.
How We Share It: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code • 1798.80(e))
Examples: A name, or description, address, telephone number, credit card number, or debit card number.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Sources of Information: We collect this information from our users, consumers, and business partners.
Collected: Yes.
How We Share It: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
.
Commercial information
Examples: Records of products purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Sources of Information: We collect this information from our users and consumers.
Collected: Yes.
How We Share It: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Internet or other similar network activity
Examples: Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Sources of Information: We collect this information from our users and consumers.
Collected: Yes.
How We Share It: We share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
Last revised: 28 February 2020
Back to top
Go to Top
We use cookies to provide the best web experience for our users. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Read more from our Privacy Policy. By using this website
you also agree to our Terms & Conditions for use of this website.
Accept
×
For the best experience on Natrol.com, please switch to any of these contemporary browsers.
Chrome
Edge
Firefox
Opera
Safari
×
*Limit one discount or special offer per order.