http://www.triptrap.dk/dk/customer-service/shipping-returns/privacy-policy
RETURNS UNTIL 31 JANUARY 2021 / FREE SHIPPING OVER 500 DKK / CHRISTMAS TOTE BAG WITH ALL ORDERS
Shipping & Returns
General conditions Delivery Return Cookie and Privacy Policy
Cookie and Privacy Policy
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your device (computer, tablet or smartphone) when you visit a website. They help to provide a good user experience on our website and help us learn which pages interest you. A cookie is a passive file and is therefore unable to spread computer viruses or other malicious programs, such as spyware or malware.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
We use cookies to analyse and optimize the user experience on our website. You can read more about our use of cookies below.
COOKIES FROM GOOGLE ANALYTICS
Cookies from Google Analytics are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. They gather user information, such as number of visitors, time spent on a page and what pages were visited.
You can read more about cookies used by Google Analytics and Google’s data protection policy here
COOKIES FROM FACEBOOK
Cookies from Facebook are placed by Facebook. They help us measure, optimize and build audience for advertising campaigns on Facebook and Instagram.
You can read more about cookies used by Facebook here
COOKIES FROM HOTJAR
Cookies from Hotjar are used as a tool to aggregate data on how visitors use our site.
Hotjar uses cookies to collect non-personal information, such as pages visited, type of device and the country you are in.
You can read more about cookies used by Hotjar and Hotjar’s privacy policy here
COOKIES FROM SLEEKNOTE
Cookies from Sleeknote are used to collect information about how visitors interact with campaigns and to avoid showing newsletter signup campaigns to existing subscribers. These cookies are kept for 1 year.
You can read more about cookies used by Sleeknote and Sleeknote’s data protection policy here
DISABLING COOKIES
You have the option of accepting or declining the use of cookies at any time by changing your browser settings. On most browsers you can disable or delete stored cookies in your browser settings. Please read the detailed descriptions for each browser:
Chrome
Internet Explorer
Safari
Firefox
Please note that if you disable cookies you may not be able to use certain website features when visiting www.skagerak.dk.
Privacy Policy
This policy for handling personal data describes how Skagerak Denmark A/S collects and handles information about you. Skagerak Denmark is the data controller for your personal data and operates in accordance with the present personal data regulations.
The data protection policy applies to personal data that you submit to us or which we collect via Skagerak Denmark’s website, www.skagerak.dk, or in our shop.
The personal data protection policy below describes how Skagerak Denmark collects and processes your personal data.
The policy also contains general information about how we process personal data in compliance with current privacy regulations and whom you can contact if you have any questions or comments about our guidelines.
PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
The data we collect and use includes:
Contact information, including name, e-mail address, address and telephone number
Information about interests and habits
Previous buying history
Transaction data
Data about internet use
Your personal data is collected in one or more of the instances below:
When you make a purchase in the webshop
When you take part in competitions
When you communicate with us
We collect and store your personal data for the following legitimate and business purposes:
Fulfilling our agreement with you, including delivering products you ordered
Fulfilling our agreement with you, including managing your right to return products and to file complaints
Optimizing the functioning of our website, including automatically directing users to the website for the country where the search originates
Handling customer relations
The distribution of newsletters
Targeted marketing, including retargeting via Facebook and Google
Targeted e-mail marketing
Replying to your queries
Statistics and analysis
Complying with national legislation concerning bookkeeping and accounting
Collecting the IP address with the purpose of preventing fraud
Our primary legitimate basis for handling your personal data is to fulfil agreements between you and Skagerak Denmark. In addition, we process your personal data based on your consent, for example when you sign up for our newsletter.
Finally, we process your personal data based on our legitimate interest in developing existing and new services and products, conducting analyses and collecting statistics on our customer segments, products and services.
We underscore that your personal data will only be used to send you marketing material if you have given you express prior consent to this use.
WE ONLY PROCESS RELEVANT PERSONAL DATA
We only process data about you that is relevant and sufficient for the purposes defined above. The purpose determines what type of personal data is relevant to us. The same applies to the scope of personal data that we use. Our data use never goes beyond what we need for the specific purpose.
WE ONLY PROCESS NECESSARY PERSONAL DATA
We collect, process and store only the personal data required for the given purpose. Regulations may require us to collect and store certain data related to our business operations. The type and scope of personal data we process may also be determined by the purpose of fulfilling a contract or other legal obligation.
WE VERIFY AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We take steps to verify that the personal data we process is not wrongful or misleading. We also update your personal data continuously. As our service relies on your data being correct and updated, we ask you to inform us about any relevant changes to your data.
WE ERASE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WHEN IT IS NO LONGER NECESSARY
We erase your personal data when it is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, processed and stored, although we may process and store it past this point in anonymized form. We may also store your data for longer if we have a legitimate need for continued storage, for example if we need it in order to determine, make or defend legal claims, or if storage is required by law. In compliance with the Danish Bookkeeping Act, we store accounting data for five years until the end of an accounting year.
In addition, data collected about your use of our website will be deleted, at the latest, when a year has lapsed since your latest visit to the website. Data collected via Google Analytics is automatically deleted after two years.
Data collected in connection with your signing up for our newsletter is erased when and if you revoke your consent to receive the newsletter.
REVOKING YOUR CONSENT
You may revoke any consent you have given, for example in relation to newsletter registration, at any time. We then erase your personal data unless we continue to process it on a different basis. If you wish to revoke your consent, please contact us at info@skagerak.dk or +45 9952 5200, or use the cancellation link in the e-mails you receive from us.
YOUR RIGHTS
You are entitled, at any time, to obtain a record the data we process about you, where it came from and what we use it for. You can also obtain insight into how long we store your personal data and who we share it with, to the extent that we share your data with third parties.
At your request we will provide you with a record about the data we hold and process about you. However, your access may be limited by concerns for other people’s privacy rights, business secrets and immaterial rights.
You can read more about your rights in the Danish Data Protection Agency’s guidelines for privacy rights at www.datatilsynet.dk.
You can exercise your rights by contacting us. If you would like a copy of the data we have on record about you, please send a written request to info@skagerak.dk. You may be required to verify your identity.
SHARING PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
Data may be passed on to third-party partners who process the data on our behalf. We rely on third-party partners in connection with the technical operation of and improvements to our website, the distribution of newsletters and targeted marketing, including retargeting, and your evaluation of our company and products. These third-party partners are not allowed to use the data for any other purpose besides fulfilling their agreement with us, and they are required to treat the data as confidential. We have written data processing agreements with all the third-party partners who process personal data on our behalf.
Three of these third-party partners – Google Analytics, rep. by Google LLC, Facebook Inc. and Active Campaign – are based in the United States of America. The necessary safeguards for the transfer of data to the United States are secured by these companies’ certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield, cf. the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), article 45.
You can find a copy of Google LLC’s certificate here
You can find a copy of Facebook Inc.’s certificate here
You can find a copy of ActiveCampaign LLC’s certificate here
In addition to this, we share information about your name, address, e-mail and telephone number as well as the order number and specific delivery requests with PostNord, GLS or other carriers in charge of delivering ordered products to you. If you buy products that are not in stock, the same data may be passed on to the manufacturer or vendor of the item in question, who in that case is responsible for the delivery.
Your personal data will further be shared with the payment service provider Bambora when you make a purchase in our web shop. Bambora is subject the present regulations for payment service providers, including security requirements.
Moreover, in certain circumstances and in compliance with the regulations, it may be necessary to share data with the relevant public authorities. For example, data may shared with the police in case of suspicion of fraud.
SECURITY
We keep your personal data secure and maintain internal guidelines on information security. Our internal guidelines about information security contain instructions and procedures to protect your personal data from being deleted, lost or altered, from unauthorized publication and from unauthorized or outside access or insight.
CHANGES TO OUR GUIDELINES
Skagerak Denmark reserves the right to update and revise the guidelines in this policy. If we make any such changes we will publish the revised edition here with an updated revision date. We encourage you to review the policy regularly. If we make major revisions that significantly alter our policy we may also notify you in other ways, for example by e-mail, via the company website or via social media.
COMPLAINTS
If you wish to complain about our processing of your personal data you are welcome to contact us by e-mail or telephone:
Skagerak Denmark A/S
Nordvejstvej 31
9000 Aalborg
Denmark
Tel.: +45 99 52 52 00
E-mail: info@Skagerak.dk
You are always entitled to complain to the Danish Data Protection Agency, Borgergade 28, 5., 1300 Copenhagen K, Denmark, about our processing of your personal data. You can file your complaint in a variety of ways, including by sending an e-mail to dt@datatilsynet.dk or by contacting the agency at tel. +45 3319 3200.
Last updated 18 November 2019.