http://www.castrol.com/en/global/home/privacy-statement.html
Site Traffic Information and Cookies
We use cookies (and equivalent technologies) to collect and analyse information on our site's performance and to enable the site to function. Cookies also allow us and third parties to tailor the ads you see when you visit our site and other 3rd party websites in the same online network, including social networks. By clicking 'Agree', you agree to these uses of cookies. If you do not agree or if you would like more information, you can manage your cookie preferences opposite.
Manage cookie preferences
Agree
Home
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Main Content
PRIVACY STATEMENT
We welcome your interest in this website castrol.co.uk. The company responsible for it is:
Castrol Ltd,
Castrol Technology Centre, Whitchurch Hill, Pangbourne, Berkshire, RG8 7QR United Kingdom.
Registered in the UK: 149435
We take your privacy seriously and want you to understand our practices with respect to the handling of your personal data. This privacy statement explains how we do this.
This website has different sub-sites for BP business, products and services, which may also have their own privacy statements. Please read these if you visit our sub-sites.
When we collect your personal data
If you decide to contact us then you will be asked to submit the limited personal data which is necessary for us to handle your query. This is completely voluntary.
If you do contact us we rely on your active consent in order to handle your query.
If any form which collects your personal data allows you to voluntarily provide additional information, we seek this information because we think it will help us to give you a better quality service. You do not have to provide such information if you do not wish to do so.
We also collect personal data from cookies, which we explain more about below.
Site traffic information and cookies
On your first visit to this site you were asked (by a notification banner) to accept our use of cookies and similar technologies and we'd like to explain how we use these technologies.
To learn about what cookies and similar technologies are, we recommend that you visit the following third-party website: www.allaboutcookies.org
Like many websites, we use cookies for a variety of purposes. These technologies collect information about your device hardware and interactions with our site.
This information helps us to
continuously improve our site's content and functionality by analysing where, on which types of devices and how our site is used, how many visitors we receive, and where they click through to the site from;
remember you in case you re-visit our site, so we will know if you have already been served with cookie banners, surveys, or (where site content is undergoing testing) which version of the content you were served;
See how successfully our marketing campaigns are performing. This is done through conversion pixels, which fire a short line of code to tell us when you have clicked on a particular button on our website or reached a particular page.
To delete or stop cookies being placed on your computer, please check the help menu of your internet browser. Blocking cookies will reduce the functionality of this website.
Who do we share your personal data with and where does it go?
Any transfer of personal data to this site will be secured by encryption. We may store or transfer your personal data to our other BP companies around the world. We do this under our group-wide Binding Corporate Rules, which guarantee an adequate level of data protection wherever your data is physically kept.
We have the right to disclose your personal data as required by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator or any other legal process served on BP. If there is a takeover, sale or purchase of our business, we may disclose your personal data to the new (or prospective) owner of the business.
How long do we keep your information?
We will only hold your information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, before making it non-identifiable or deleting it.
If you send us any ‘contact us’ messages, we will delete or de-identify these messages once we have finally satisfied your query.
Your rights, complaints and how to contact us
You have the right to access your personal data and ask for it to be rectified or deleted at any later time.
If you have questions or concerns relating to the handling of your personal data, please get in touch with us at GDPREurope@castrol.com.
If you are in the EU, you also have the right to raise a privacy concern with the Data Protection Authority established in the relevant EU country. However, please consider using BP’s EU-approved complaint resolution mechanism under our BCRs using the contact address set out above.
Third-party websites we link to
Our website may contain links to third-party sites. This privacy statement does not apply to those third-party sites.
We recommend that you read the privacy statements of any other sites that you visit as we cannot accept responsibility for the privacy practices of these sites which may be different to ours.
Changes to the privacy statement
We may update this privacy statement from time to time and recommend that you revisit it on occasion to see the latest version.
This statement was last updated in April 2018.