http://www.aidells.com/privacy-policy/
Our ProductsRecipesOur StoryPrivacy PolicyThis Privacy Notice applies to the websites, apps, platforms where it appears, as well as any other points of contact with the Company.Last Updated Date: April 9th, 2020Tyson Foods knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Policy describes how we may treat personal information. Please read carefully. The practices described herein are subject to the applicable laws in the places in which we operate. By accessing and/or using our website, or by communicating with us in any manner, you represent that you have read and consent to the terms of this Privacy PolicyConditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit this website, app or platform, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our terms of use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Arkansas. If you have any concern about privacy at this website, app or platform, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the terms of use will change also. We may periodically update this Privacy Policy. Please reference the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of the page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on our Sites. Your use of the Sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.How we may collect your informationContact information that you provide to us such as your name, email address, your phone number and mailing address.Information you submit or post such as online job applications, or information you provide when you contact us.Demographic information like your age, gender, date of birth, age range, or zip code.Payment information such as your credit card number and your billing and shipping information if you make a purchase.Other information. If you use our site, we may collect information about the browser you're using and how often you use our site. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our mobile apps, we may collect your GPS location. We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We collect this information using the tracking tools described below. To control those tools, please read the CHOICES section below.We may collect information in different ways.Directly. For example, if you sign up for our emails or apply for a job online. We also collect information if you contact us online or enter a contest. We may also collect information by providing you with surveys to complete.Passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and web beacons to collect information from you. We collect information about users over time when you use this site. We also collect this information from our apps. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. For example, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.Through third parties. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.By combining information. For example, we may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. Or we may combine information we get from a third party with information we already have.We use information as disclosed and described hereTo respond to your requests or questions. For example, we may use your information to respond to your customer feedback. We may also use your information to notify you if you win a contest.To improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our website, app, platform, and products better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us.For security purposes. We may use your information to protect our company and our customers. We may also use information to protect our sites and apps.For marketing purposes. For example, we might use your information to provide you with information about new products and special offers. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We might tell you about new features or updates. If you sign up with us, we'll enroll you in an email newsletter. To learn about your choices for these communications, read the CHOICES section below.To communicate with you. For example, we may contact you about your feedback or our relationship. We might also contact you about this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use.We may use push notifications on our apps. For example, we may contact you about your feedback or our relationship. We might also contact you about this Privacy Notice or our Conditions of Use.We may use push notifications on our apps. For example, we may send you push notifications about coupons or other offers.We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.How we may share your information with third parties:With your consent. We may, in some circumstances, seek your consent before disclosing your personal information to third parties, including subsidiaries, affiliates, and unaffiliated third parties. For example, we may obtain your consent in writing; online, through “click-through” agreements; when you accept the terms of use on our Websites; orally, either in person or on the phone; or by other means.We will share information within the Tyson Foods family of companies.We will share information with certain third parties who perform services on our behalf.For example, we share information with vendors who send emails for us. We also share information with certain companies that help us operate our websites, apps, and platforms, or run a promotion or contest. If you are the winner of a sweepstakes or contest, we may also share your information with anyone who requests a winner's list.We may share your information with our business partners.For example, we might share information with third parties who co-sponsor a promotion or contest. Some of these partners may send you information about products or services by mail or email.We may share information with third parties for marketing purposes.These third parties may include our retail partners. It may also include third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested. These third parties may also share your information with others. These third parties may use the information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others. This may include the delivery of interest based advertising.We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or for similar purposes.For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share information if a government agency or investigative body requests it. We might share information if we are investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud we think has happened during a promotion.We may share information with a successor to all or part of our business.For example, if part of our business is sold, we may include customer information as part of that transaction.CHOICESWhat choices do you have about how we use your information?You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails.To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Even if you opt out of getting our marketing messages or unsubscribe from our distribution lists, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions.You can control certain cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools, you can use controls in your internet browser to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies and to withdraw your consent by clearing or blocking cookies.You can control tools on your mobile device. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone.Your California Privacy Rights & DisclosuresIf you are a California resident, you have certain rights under California law, including but not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). You are also entitled to certain disclosures concerning our data practices. All phrases used in this section shall have the same meaning as those phrases are used under California law, including the CCPA.Your Privacy Rights: CaliforniaShine the Light. California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing use. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2019 will receive information regarding 2018 sharing activities). If you are a California resident and would like to exercise these rights, please contact us at Privacy@tyson.com or call toll-free at 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262#. You also can contact us at:Tyson Foods, Inc. Privacy c/o Law Department Mail Code CP0062200 W. Don Tyson ParkwaySpringdale, AR 72765-2020or 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262#.Indicate in your communication that you are a California resident making a "Shine the Light" inquiry.Right to Know. As a California resident, you have a right to know:The categories of personal information we have collected, sold, or disclosed for business purposes about you;The categories of sources from which we collected your personal information;The business or commercial purpose for collecting or sharing your personal information;The categories of third parties with whom we have shared, sold, or disclosed for business purposes your personal information; andThe specific pieces of your personal information we have collected.Process To Submit A Request. To submit a verified request for your personal information or to designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, you may click here or call toll-free at 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262# .Verification Method. In order to ensure your personal information is not disclosed to unauthorized parties, and to protect against fraud, we will verify your identity before responding to your request. To verify your identity, we will generally match the identifying information provided in your request with the information we have on file about you. Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information requested, we may also utilize more stringent verification methods to verify your identity, including but not limited to requesting additional information from you and/or requiring you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury.Right of Deletion.You have a right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from or about you.Process To Submit A Request. To submit a verified request for your personal information or to designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf, you may click here or call toll-free at 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262# .Verification Method. . In order to ensure your personal information is not disclosed to unauthorized parties, and to protect against fraud, we will verify your identity before responding to your request. To verify your identity, we will generally match the identifying information provided in your request with the information we have on file about you. Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information requested, we may also utilize more stringent verification methods to verify your identity, including but not limited to requesting additional information from you and/or requiring you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury.Right to Opt-Out To The Sale of Your Personal Information. As a California resident, you have the Right to Opt Out of the "sale" of your information. To submit a Right to Opt Out request or have a designated authorized agent submit a request, you may click here or call us toll-free at 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262#. Right of Non-Discrimination. You have a right to exercise your rights under the CCPA without suffering discrimination. Accordingly, we will not discriminate against you in any way if you choose to exercise your rights pursuant to the CCPA.California Minors. This website, app, or platform is not intended for minors. We do not knowingly collect the personal information of anyone under the age of 18. However, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, and you have publicly posted any information on our websites or apps, you also have the right to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted. If you wish to make such a request, please send an e-mail with a detailed description of the specific content or information to Privacy@tyson.com, or call toll-free at 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262# , or write to us at the address listed on this site.These rights are subject to those exceptions and limitations recognized by applicable law.California DisclosuresThe following is a list of the categories of personal information we may have collected about California residents in the twelve months preceding the date this Privacy Notice was last updated, including the business or commercial purpose for said collection, the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we have shared the personal informationCategories of Personal Information CollectedIdentifiers such as name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers;Categories of personal information as described in California Civil Code Section 1798.80(e), which includes name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information;Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, including race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expression, religious creed, mental disability, physical disability, medical condition, military / veteran status, marital status, age, genetic characteristics, or ancestry;Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;Biometric information;Internet or other electronic network activity information, including but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement;Geolocation data;Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information;Professional or employment-related information;Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act; andInferences drawn from any of the information identified above used to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.Categories of Sources. Categories of sources from which we may collect and/or share the personal information of California residents include, but may not be limited to:the consumer directlysubsidiaries and affiliate third partiesnon-affiliated third partiessocial medial networksservice providersBusiness Purpose for Collection. The business purposes for which we may collect and/or share the personal information of California residents includes, but may not be limited to:registering for our websites, apps, or platformscompleting or receiving requests for productperforming services on behalf of affiliated and non-affiliated third partiesdebugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality on our websites, apps, and platformsprotecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activityBusiness Purpose for Collection. The business purposes for which we may collect and/or share the personal information of California residents includes, but may not be limited to:advertising networksinternet service providersdata analytics providersservice providersoperating systems and platformssocial medial networksnon-affiliated third partiesaffiliated third partiesCategories of Personal Information Sold in The Past YearWe have not sold any personal information of California residents to any third party in the twelve months preceding the date this Privacy Notice was last updated.Are these sites and apps intended for children?Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 18 has given us information, you can contact us at Privacy@tyson.com, or call toll-free at 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262#, or contact us atTyson Foods, Inc. Privacy c/o Law Department Mail Code CP0062200 W. Don Tyson ParkwaySpringdale, AR 72765-2020Please mark your inquiries "COPPA Information Request." Parents, you can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line. HOW TO PROTECT CHILDREN'S PRIVACY ON-LINE.What are our security measures?The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords. We will use our best efforts to create and maintain commercially reasonable technical, organizational, and physical safeguards, consistent with applicable law, to protect your personal information.We keep personal information as long as it is necessary or relevant for the practices described in this Policy. We also keep information as otherwise required by law.Do we store information in and outside of the United States?Information we maintain may be stored in the United States. If you live outside of the United States, you understand and agree that we may transfer your information to the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same level of protection as those in your country.Do we link to third-party sites or services we don't control?If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to a site we do not control. This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices of that site. Read the privacy policy of other sites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party sites.Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.If you have any questions about this policy or want to correct or update your information, please email us at Privacy@tyson.com or call toll-free at 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262#. You also can contact us at:Tyson Foods, Inc. Privacy c/o Law Department Mail Code CP0062200 W. Don Tyson ParkwaySpringdale, AR 72765-2020or 1-866-467-8688 and enter service code 262#.When contacting us, please be sure to provide us with your exact e-mail address, name, address, and/or telephone number(s) in order to provide the information we need to address your request.Do we update this Privacy Policy?From time to time we may change our Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our site. Please check our site periodically for updates.©2020 Tyson Foods, Inc. All rights reserved.©2020 Aidells Sausage Company, All Rights Reserved.About Our AdsTerms of UseCalifornia Transparency in Supply Chains Act DisclosurePrivacy PolicyDo Not Sell My Personal Information