http://www.firstaffirmative.com/terms?hsLang=en
A message from our CEO, Steve Wallman, on Goldman Sachs’ planned acquisition of Folio Financial Learn More
Advisor Login |
Client Login
About
Leadership Team
Industry Collaborations
Contact Us
For Advisors
Guiding Values
Work With Us
AffirmativESG
For Investors
Find an Advisor
Individual Investors
Family Offices
Foundations & Endowments
Sustainable Investment Solutions
ESG Investing
Shareowner Advocacy
Community Investing
News & Thought Leadership
Terms
Trademarks and Copyright
All information and material content on this website is subject to applicable copyright and/or trademark protection. No permission is granted to copy, distribute, modify, post or frame any text, graphics, video, audio, software code, or user interface design or logos. All information and content on this website is, subject to applicable statutes and regulations, furnished "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The term "Sustainable Investment Solutions" is a trademark. The First Affirmative logo, SRI in the Rockies logo, BaseCamp SRI logo, Greenvestment Resource Center logo, and all related product and service names are the trademarks or service marks of First Affirmative Financial Network, LLC. All other products and service marks on this site are the trademarks of their respective owners.
No Recommendation
This website is for informational purposes only. No information provided on the site shall be considered a recommendation to buy or sell a security to any person, in any jurisdiction, where such offer, solicitation, purchase, or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Any investment decisions you may make on the basis of any information found on this website is your sole responsibility. First Affirmative does not represent, warrant, endorse, or guarantee any advertised product or services, and the identification or listing of products, services, links, or other information on this website or any linked site does not constitute or imply any sponsorship, affiliation, or recommendation by First Affirmative. You assume all responsibility and risk associated with the use of this website and the internet generally. Employees of First Affirmative may have relationships with investment managers listed on this website.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless First Affirmative, its affiliates, agents, third-party information providers, merchants, licensors, and others involved in the delivery of the First Affirmatibe website or the delivery of products, services, or information over the First Affirmative website, and their respective officers, employees, and directors, from and against any and all liabilities, expenses, damages, and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, from any violation by you of this agreement or otherwise arising out of your use of the First Affirmative website.
Remedies
To the fullest extent permissible  pursuant to applicable law, neither First Affirmative Financial Network, it's managing members, or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering this website is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising our of your access to, or use of, the site. Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusions of incidental, consequential or special damages, so the above exclusions may not apply to you. Also, some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusions of implied warranties or limitations on how long an implied warranty may last, so the above limitation may not apply to you. This agreement gives you specific legal rights. You may have other rights that vary from state to state or jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and/or any of our Terms at any time, without advanced warning, by updating our Privacy Policy document and/or by making changes to respective pages on our website. If you have additional questions or would like additional information, please contact us.
Connect With Us
Join Our Mailing List!
Contact Us
Phone: 719.478.7036Fax: 720.836.6401Contact Us
Our Address
First Affirmative5475 Mark Dabling Boulevard, Suite 108Colorado Springs, CO 80918
Legal
TermsPrivacy Policy Disclosures
© First Affirmative Financial Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Discretionary investment advisory and model management services are provided by First Affirmative Financial Network, LLC, a registered investment advisor (SEC# 801-56587) that specializes in environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investing.