https://www.training-hipaa.net/hipaa-compliance-tool/hipaa-privacy-policies-templates/
HIPAA Privacy Policies Templates
Why create HIPAA Privacy Policies for Covered Entity and Business Associate?
Covered Entity and Business Associate are required to establish effective HIPAA Privacy Policies and Procedures,ensuring that employees and sensitive information are protected and secure. HIPAA policies are implemented daily, therefore a necessary component for all health care businesses is to establish an effective arrangement of policies and procedures that govern everyday activity- enabling health care professionals to streamline their practices, and hold employees and administrators accountable for maintaining the privacy of PHI.
HIPAA Privacy Policies and Procedures templates are updated with the HITECH act of 2009 and the Omnibus rule of 2013.
“Essentially, a covered entity is required to develop and implement policies and procedures appropriate to the entity’s business practices and workforce that reasonably minimize the amount of protected health information used, disclosed, and requested;” – HIPAA Privacy Rule 45 CFR Part 160.
Who can use HIPAA Privacy Policy Template Suite?
Supremus Group, LLC offers two different HIPAA Private Policy Template Suite one for covered entity and other for business associates. Each covered entity (refer to the home page to see which kind of entity you are) is required to implement Privacy and Security policies & procedures to maintain a viable health care business that is equipped to handle emergency situations, everyday operations, equipped with unique business practices and procedures.
Health care businesses can cut their leg-work in half by implementing pre-established privacy and security policies & procedures created by Supremus Group, LLC’s templates. ; ensuring that PHI is protected in every department and at every level. Health care businesses are offered 57 essential documents that guarantees to save health care professionals time and money while establishing HIPAA privacy policies and procedures in covered entity and business associate.
Many business associates may not need all the Privacy policies that covered entity may use based on try of services offered, PHI received and level of exposure they will have to determine which privacy policies will be required for their business.
Price: $300
The Templates suite includes following HIPAA Privacy Form, Policy, and procedures.
Accept Access Request
Accounting for Disclosures
Acknowledgment of Receipt
Amendment to Record Form
Authorization for Release of Protected Health Information
Authorization To Use Disclose Protected Health Information
Business Associate Agreement
Business Associate Contracts and Other Arrangements
Complaint Process
Data Use Agreement Template
De-identified Information and Limited Data Sets
Denial Access Request
Denial Request to Amend Form
Disclosure Accounting Log for Medical Information
Disclosure of PHI with and without authorization Template
Disclosures Record Form
Document Retention Requirements
EHR accounting of disclosures
Employee Confidentiality Agreement
Execution of Business Associate Agreements with Contracts
Health Plan Notice of Privacy Practices
HIPAA Accept Amend Request Form
Identifying PHI and Designated Record Sets
Minimum Necessary
Multi-Organization Arrangements
Notice of Privacy Practices
Patient Right to Access PHI
PHI Release by Whistleblowers
Privacy Officer
Receipt of Payment when Disclosing PHI
Release for Abuse Neglect or Domestic Violence
Release for Confidential Communications
Release for Fundraising Purposes
Release for Health Oversight
Release for Judicial or Administrative Proceedings
Release for Law Enforcement
Release for Marketing Purposes
Release for Public Health
Release for Research Purposes
Release for Specific Government Functions
Release for Workers Compensation
Release of Information for Deceased Patients or Plan Members
Release of Information for Legal Representatives
Release of Information to a Minor
Release of Information to a Minor’s Parents
Release of Information to Friends and Family Members
Release of Psychotherapy Notes
Release to Avert Serious Threat to Safety
Request Confidential Communications Template
Request Restriction
Request to Amend Patient or Plan Member Record
Requests for Restriction policy
Required PHI Disclosures
Right to Object to Release for Certain Purposes
Safeguarding PHI
Training Requirements
Workforce Sanctions
How does the HIPAA Privacy Policy Templates Suite Save Money for Covered Entity and Business Associate?
Supremus Group, LLC eliminates the necessity of beginning from scratch when creating HIPAA Private Policies, rendering hours of research, policy revisions and approvals a plight of the past. Covered Entity and Business Associate no longer need to dedicate their personnel the task of creating corporate policies, to which, most companies lose money while these polices are crafted by professionals unaccustomed to establishing privacy policies. Table 1 illustrates how businesses can transform their practices into lucrative policy professionals without the internalized struggle of expending unnecessary funds or manpower, and addresses how health care business can save money with HIPAA Privacy Policy and procedures Templates.
View the Sample Policy
The templates are available in our online HIPAA store for purchase. All the templates come in Microsoft Word/excel files so you can add, change and delete content as required to complete your HIPAA privacy policies.
View Components of HIPAA Privacy Policies
View Authorization for Release of Information
View HIPAA Privacy Policy Template’s License
RELATED PRODUCT: HIPAA Security Policies templates
RELATED PRODUCT: HIPAA Disaster Plan templates
Questions? Concerns? All inquiries concerning HIPAA Privacy Policies may be directed to Bob@training-hipaa.net or call on (515) 865-4591
HIPAA Privacy Policies Templates
Rated 4.8/5 based on 471 reviews
[download url=”https://www.training-hipaa.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/HIPAA-Training-Comparison.pdf”]