https://www.drytac.com/privacy-policy/
Products search
Drytac’s unique adhesive science creates print media, protective films and bonding tapes that deliver outstanding results.
MENUMENUProducts
BY CATEGORY
Digital Print Media
Backlit Illuminated Print Media
Cast PVC Print Media
Easy Apply/Easy Remove Print Media
Eco-Friendly Print Media
High Tack Aggressive Adhesive Print Media
Magnetic Material Print Media
Monomeric PVC Print Media
Non-Adhesive Backed Print Media
Polyester Print Media
Polymeric PVC Print Media
Reflective Print Media
Static Cling Print Media
Writable Print Media
Laminating Films
0-2 Years Outdoor Laminating Films
2-5 Years Outdoor Laminating Films
5-7 Years Outdoor Laminating Films
Antimicrobial Protection Films
Heat-Activated Laminating Films
Indoor Laminating Films
Laminating Films
Laminating Films for UV Prints
Pressure-Sensitive Laminating Films
Smooth Films
Textured Films
Mounting Adhesives
Carrier-Free Mounting Adhesives
Heat-Activated Mounting Adhesives
Optically Clear Mounting Adhesives
Permanent Mounting Adhesives
Pressure Sensitive Mounting Adhesives
Removable / Reversible Mounting Adhesives
Tissue Adhesives
Translucent Mounting Adhesives
White Mounting Adhesives
Window Adhesives
Portable Display Systems
Banner Stand Print Media
BannerBug
Retractable Deluxe
Retractable Plus
Tools & Accessories
Hot Press Vacuum Presses
Release Paper
Small Format Laminating Machines
Protective Films
Antimicrobial Protection Films
BY MARKET
Architectural & Interior Design
Wall Coverings
Window Films
Writable Films
Art, Photo & Framing
Laminating Films
Mounting Adhesives
Dry Mount Tissues
Release Paper
Vacuum Presses and Laminating Machines
Accessories and Tools
Education
Chalk Board Print Media
White Board Print Media
Dry Erase Laminate
Antimicrobial Protection Films
Retail
Window Media
Wall Media
Floor Media
Outdoor Media
Counter Top Mat
Sign & Display
Print Media
Specialty Print Media
Non-Adhesive Backed Print Media
Magnetic Material
Laminating Films
Mounting Adhesives
Tools, Accessories and Equipment
Banner Stands
BY PRINT TECHNOLOGY
Print Technology
(Eco) Solvent
Latex
UV
HP PageWide XL
Aqueous
Top Products
FloorTac Emerytex White RB one-step monomeric floor graphic media
Polar Street FX outdoor aluminium floor and wall material
FloorTac Textures one-step polymeric floor graphic media
SpotOn SynTac polypropylene wall and floor graphic media
BY APPLICATION
WINDOWS
Transparent Print Media
Translucent Print Media
Opaque Print Media
Temporary Window Films
Permanent / Semi-Permanent Window Films
Transparent Mounting Adhesive for Windows
Transparent Mounting Adhesives for Clear Acrylic
Light Box
WALLS
Temporary /Removable Print Media
Long Term Print Media
Outdoor Wall Print Media
Architectural Graphics
Interior Decoration
Exhibition Graphics
Textured Print Media
Laminating Films
Whiteboard Media and Overlaminates
Chalkboard Media
Magnetic Media
Fine Art + Photo
Easy to Apply Media
FLOORS
Floor Graphics Print Media
Floor Graphics Laminating Films
OUTDOORS
Vehicle Applications
Anti-Graffiti Laminating Films
Outdoor Signs
Outdoor Laminating Films
Brick Applications
EVERYTHING IN BETWEEN
Bubble Free
Easy to Apply/Easy to Remove
Non-Adhesive Backed Print Media
Ice Rink Board Advertising
Counter Mat
Photo Framing and Plaquing
Write On/Wipe Off
Antimicrobial Protection Films
Custom Solutions
OverviewApplications & IndustriesCapabilitiesFeatured Products
Resources
Product ResourcesSustainability PolicyVideosICC ProfilesDrytac Academy
News & Events
Case StudiesPress ReleasesProduct NewsTrade Shows + EventsTestimonialsBlog
Our Company
Our CompanyOur ClientsIndustry PartnersOur LocationsCareersNeed An Account?Contact Us
Privacy Policy
GENERAL INFORMATION
One of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Drytac and how we use it. Drytac  respects your privacy. Across our business, we will only collect, store or use your personal information for specific purposes. We use your information to support and enhance our relationship with you; for example to provide service and support, share product and technical information, career and news offerings.
We do not sell your personal information and will only share that information outside Drytac with your consent, as required by law; or with companies that help Drytac fulfill its obligations to you and then only with partners who share Drytac’s commitment to protecting your privacy and data. At any time you can contact Drytac at the address below with questions or concerns you may have with respect to this privacy policy. You can at any time request information about the personal data that Drytac holds about you and ask for corrections, updates or deletions by writing to us at the address below.
Drytac may collect information when you:
Visit our website http://www.drytac.com
Make an online enquiry.
Request product and technical information from us.
Subscribe to one of our mailing lists or business update services.
Apply for a career with Drytac.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at customerservice@drytac.com.
LOG FILES
Drytac follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include:
internet protocol (IP) addresses
browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP)
date and time stamp, referring/exit pages
possibly the number of clicks
THIRD PARTY POLICIES
Drytac’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. The Drytac website contains links to other websites. Equally, other websites may provide links to the Drytac website. Please be aware that Drytac is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
CHILDREN INFORMATION
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Drytac does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
ONLINE PRIVACY
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect on Drytac.com. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
CONSENT
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
UPDATE
This Privacy Policy was last updated on June 2019. If there will be any update, amendment, or changes to our Privacy Policy then these will be posted on this page.
For more information, please reach out to one of our offices HERE.
Subscribe to newsletter
Recent News
Drytac launches new PVC-free floor and wall graphics media globally
Warwick Printing chooses ‘go-to’ product Drytac ReTac for tricky mural
Drytac’s Shaun Holdom appointed to ISA-UK council
Drytac joins UK Slip Resistance Group in move to broaden membership
Don’t stand still: floor graphics certifications explained
Get a quote An duo lorem altera gloriatur. No imperdiet adver sarium pro. No sit sumo lorem. Mei ea eius elitr consequ unturimperdiet.
Get Quote
1