https://www.amazuluinc.com/privacy-policy/
test
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
• To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
• Keep track of advertisements.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, It won’t affect the user’s experience.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en&nbsp;
We have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our homepage or at a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• Via Email
Can change your personal information:
• By calling us
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 1 business day
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
info@amazuluinc.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.amazuluinc.com
1239 Commons Ct
Clermont, FL 34711
info@amazuluinc.com
Last Edited on 2018-05-31
See why Jon Brangan, Deputy Director of Brevard Zoo uses amaZulu, Inc. as a supplier of choice for natural materials.
Click here to watch the VIDEO
Jon Brangan
Brevard Zoo
“amaZulu’s recommendations and superior products set our company apart from the other exhibitors”. Hear more from Dexter and why the Zebra Coalition chooses to work with amaZulu, Inc.
Click here to watch the VIDEO
Dextor Foxworth
Zebra Coalition
“Working with amaZulu has been a pleasure. They have been able to provide unique quality materials at fair prices and always deliver on time. Without their help our Safari Africa and Sky Ride projects would be lacking the natural and rustic feel of real Africa”
Brian Morrow
Lowry Park Zoo
“I just wanted to say thanks for the outstanding customer service and products we received from amaZulu. Our “tiki bar” turned out beautiful. We couldn’t have done it without your help!”
Brent Fox
“amaZulu, Inc. has a tremendous inventory of products to choose from and makes shopping for any type of bamboo or thatch products a painless and economical experience. They had all the projects I needed to build my Tiki Bar.  Any project that has bamboo products specified, I would highly recommend contacting the friendly folks at amaZulu, Inc.”
Barry Deemer
“Every experience we have had working with amaZulu has been a pleasure.  We look forward to many more opportunities in the future.”
Jim St. Clair
St. Clair Construction
“My experience with amaZulu was outstanding.  I came in with no idea what I was going to do, but with the help from Anwar, the ideas just came flowing.  The products at amaZulu were just what I was looking for.  I did my Florida room w/bamboo braid & real bamboo trim. It looks great.”
Ray Bechtel
“Just a note of thanks for the outstanding, creative, timely, technical support your firm has provided to our project. Your material quality, uniqueness and timely delivery have made our project a resounding success.”
Bob Dalton
Lion Country Safari
“amaZulu has always provided us with quality products and great service.  They communicate with us to make sure we purchase the right materials for our unique applications.”
Randy Mattson
Capital Wood Products, Co.
“It is a pleasure to work with very creative minds that can grasp the same vision as the clients that they are working with.”
Spiro Laskaris
Hurricane Brand Holdings
“amaZulu was able to provide a number of different natural looking finishes to completely redo the Tiki Bar at my waterpark. There are lots of companies out there that have a few items similar to yours but none have the wide range of choices that you offer.  If you are ever in the area come enjoy a Pina Colada on us.”
Bruce Bryant
Legacy RV Resorts
“I ordered reed fencing and some zulu rope for a ceiling project in our basement, and found the experience a well satisfying one.  Anwar was most helpful, fast delivery, and everything was as promised.Thanks for a great job.”
Cathy Brouwer
“Our experience with your company has been terrific. You have been on time, accurate, extremely helpful and your suggestions were perfect. The products look great, our customers love it and our next store will definitely include amaZulu products.”
Mike McCahill
“amazulu Inc. has been a great discovery for us here at SeaWorld Orlando. Though they are a new vendor to us they understand our “theme park” urgencies. They have come through with flying colors on all the tasks we have needed their expertise with. Their attention to detail and prompt action to our needs is truly second to none.”
Carol McDaniel
SeaWorld
“amaZulu helped us to completely redefine our waterpark and beach club.  We interviewed all the competitors and found amaZulu to be the most hands-on, knowledgeable, and service oriented.  In addition, I found the staff to be exceptionally friendly.  We will work with amaZulu again.”
Jack Morey
Moreys Piers
COVID-19 Announcement
amaZulu is open for business via phone and email.
For the safety of our staff and customers, we are unable to accept walk-ins to our showroom at this time.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
Call us at 352-243-5309 if you need to place an order.
×