http://www.protecequip.com/privacy-policy/
Please wait...
Skip to the content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
COOKIE AND PRIVACY POLICY
1 IMPORTANT NOTICE
1.1 This Cookie and Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to your use of the Protec Equipment Resources, Inc. (“Protec”) website namely http://www.protecequip.com (the “Website”) including http://www.blog.protecequip.com (the “Blog”). “We,” “us,” and “our” refer to the entity with which you are contracting under the Terms of Use as listed in the “Who You are Contracting with; Governing Law and Jurisdiction” Section of the Terms of Use
1.2 Please read the following Policy to understand how we may use the personal data you provide or which we collect about you. By using the Website, you consent to this Policy.
1.3 This Policy may vary from time to time so please check it regularly.
2 THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT
2.1 We may collect the following personal data about you:
2.1.1 personal data you provide if you contact us using the “Information Request” form or by filing in other forms on our Website;
2.1.2 personal data you provide if you contact us (including by telephone) to register, subscribe or request services or products;
2.1.3 personal and payment data you provide when making a purchase;
2.1.4 personal data you provide when you apply for a job advertised or submit a speculative job application and/or your CV or résumé;
2.1.5 personal data gathered using cookies;
2.1.6 personal data you provide if you enter into a competition, promotion, or webinar registration;
2.1.7 details of your visits to our Website, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data;
2.1.8 information about your computer including, where available, your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is aggregated, statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
3 HOW WE USE PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
3.1 We may use and process the personal data you provide for the purposes outlined below as well as for any purposes specified at the time of collection:
3.1.1 to send you information you have requested;
3.1.2 to fulfill orders which you have placed for products and services;
3.1.3 to deal with your inquiries;
3.1.4 to contact you by telephone, SMS, post and/or email about other offers, products, promotions, developments or services which we think may be of interest to you, to the extent permitted by applicable law and regulation. Please make it clear when you provide personal data to us, should you not wish to receive such information;
3.1.5 where you have submitted a job application we may for a reasonable period keep your details on file for future reference should a suitable position subsequently become available and we may send you information about job opportunities;
3.1.6 to develop, deliver and improve our products or services;
3.1.7 to help us develop this Website to be more useful to you;
3.1.8 for Website user processing research or analysis including to collect statistics, responses to any surveys and questionnaires, traffic patterns and related site information. (We aggregate this data and it does not identify any Website users);
3.1.9 for internal purposes for research, analysis, testing, monitoring, customer communication, risk management and administrative purposes; and/or
3.1.10 to send you important notices.
3.1.11 to send you product information, newsletters and other relevant and targeted promotional communications;
4 DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
4.1 We may disclose personal data to our selected third-party business partners (including but not limited to Google Analytics, HubSpot, and PORS (Point of Rental Software) to fulfil an order for products or services, respond to an inquiry, or perform market analysis to help us improve your experience on this Website.
4.2 We may disclose personal data to affiliates and third-party data processers who may process data on our behalf to enable us to carry out our usual business practices.
4.3 We may disclose your personal data to third parties in the following circumstances:
4.3.1 to undertake the activities listed above;
4.3.2 to conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process;
4.3.3 to assist in the investigation of suspected illegal or wrongful activity. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
4.3.4 to protect and defend our rights or property;
4.3.5 to deal with any misuse of the Website;
4.3.6 to sell, make ready for sale or dispose of our business in whole or in part including to any potential buyer or their advisers; or
4.3.7 in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use, terms and conditions of supply and other agreements with third parties.
4.4 We do not sell, trade, or rent any of your personal information.
5 COOKIES
5.1 What are cookies?
5.1.1 Like many other websites, this Website uses cookies. Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu for a video about cookies visit www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/.
5.1.2 Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
5.2 Which cookies are used on this Website?
5.2.1 The cookies used on this Website have been categorized based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide.
5.2.2 A list of all the cookie types used on this Website by category is set out below.
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to move around the Website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Website. Without these cookies, some of our services cannot be provided.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how this website works.
Functional cookies
These cookies allow the Website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Google Analytics
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. For further details visit: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
5.3 How can the cookies be removed?
5.3.1 You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your internet browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. For more information about cookies including how to set your internet browser to reject cookies please go to www.allaboutcookies.org
5.3.2 To opt out of Google Analytics visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
5.3.3 Please be aware however that blocking cookies may hamper the Website’s functionality or restrict how much of the Website you can access.
6 YOUR RIGHTS
6.1 When you use this Website and provide us with your personal data you are agreeing that we may use your personal data for the purposes set out in this Policy.
6.2 You have the right to:
6.2.1 request that we stop sending you marketing information;
6.2.2 if you are located in the EEA, apply for a copy of the data we hold about you (for which we will charge an administration fee which is currently $10); and
6.2.3 request that we correct or remove any personal data which we hold about you which you believe is inaccurate or out of date.
6.3 You can exercise this right by contacting us at: 1517 West Carrier Pkwy Suite 116, Grand Prairie, Texas 75050. (972-352-5550). You may also be able to correct, remove, and change preferences for your personal data through your user account on the Website.
7 TRANSFERRING PERSONAL DATA OVERSEAS
7.1 The personal data we collect from you is currently held within the United States. It is possible that in the future such personal data may be transferred, stored and/or processed outside the United States. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and/or processing. You should be aware that countries outside the United States may not offer the same level of data protection as the United States.
8 LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
8.1 This Policy only applies to this Website. If you link to another website from here, you should remember to read and understand that website’s privacy policy as well. A link to a third party’s website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. We are not responsible for any use of your personal data that is made by other websites.
9 SECURITY
9.1 We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Website, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Website, and you do so at your own risk.
10 CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
10.1 The Website is intended for users who are 18 years old or older. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal data from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.
11 CHANGES TO THIS COOKIES AND PRIVACY POLICY
11.1 We may update this Policy from time to time. When we change this Policy in a material way a notice will be posted on our Website along with a revised Policy. By accessing the Website after the revised Policy is posted, you consent to the revised Policy.
12 HOW USERS CAN CONTACT US
12.1 If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact the company at: 1517 West Carrier Pkwy Suite 116, Grand Prairie, Texas 75050. (972-352-5550).
Cookie Notice
Find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.
Accept Cookies