http://www.ernestjones.co.uk/webstore/static/customerservice/customer_cookies_policy.do?icid=ej-fn-ss-cookies
Jump to Content Jump to Section Navigation Jump to Site Navigation Jump to Footer Navigation Jump to Help Jump to Contact Us Jump to Accessibility Statement
OUR STORES HAVE RE-OPENED | READ OUR FAQ'S NOW
Up to 4 Years Interest Free Credit Available |
0% APR
*Exclusions apply
Virtual Bookings | Book your free appointment
Home Customer Services Cookie Policy
Cookies policy
What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file that is stored onto your computer when you visit certain web pages. At ernestjones.co.uk we use cookies to keep track of what you have placed in your basket and make sure we still have your details when you return to the site. What do cookies do? For you to get the best of the online shopping and personalised services available on ernestjones.co.uk, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies. This is because we can only provide you with certain personalised features by using them. To order products from ernestjones.co.uk you will need to have cookies enabled on your browser - see the section on Managing your Cookies. If you don't enable cookies you will still be able to browse the site and use it for research purposes, you just won't be able to put products in the basket or purchase them. Most web browsers have cookies enabled, but see Managing cookies for help to turn them on should you need to.. What is stored on cookies? We use encrypted information gathered from cookies to help improve your experience when visiting our website. For example, cookies help us to determine relevant products to show you when you are browsing or help us identify and resolve errors.
Back to top Where do cookies come from? Most of the cookies on our site come directly from ernestjones.co.uk. However, we also have relationships with authorized, carefully selected and monitored suppliers who may also set cookies during your visit. These cookies will be used for remarketing purposes, which means that we will notify you when you have left our website with goods in your basket which have not been ordered and you will be shown different products and services based on what you appear to be interested in when you are browsing. If you'd like to opt out, please go to the Network Advertising Initiative website (opens in a new window - please note that we're not responsible for the content of external websites). Back to top Why do I need to know about cookies? We are offering you this information as part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation and to make sure that we are honest and clear about your privacy when using our website. We are also working on a number of other privacy and cookie related improvements to our website to ensure that you have the safest and best experience whilst visiting our website. Back to top Managing your cookies
However, if you would prefer to block or delete cookies from ernestjones.co.uk, or any other site, you can use your internet browser to do this. Every browser is different, so look at the Help menu on your browser, or your mobile phone's manual to see how to reset your cookie preferences. If cookies are not enabled on your computer your shopping experience will be limited on ernestjones.co.uk. You will be limited to browsing and researching and will not be able to add a product to the Basket or complete a purchase. Back to top To enable cookies If you're not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option
Back to top How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button Now select 'Allow local data to be set'
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tab Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browserr Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options Then select the Privacy icon Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies'
Back to top How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Safari on OSX
Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies'' Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'
All other browsers We support all the browsers listed above but for all other browsers please consult your documentation or online help files. Back to top Further information about cookies
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit www.aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window – please note that we can't be responsible for the content of external websites).
Back to top
Browse Categories
About your order
Where is my order? I want to cancel my order I want to return my order Delivery Information
contact us
Ring Sizer
Gifting
Gift options Gift Cards & Vouchers Engraving In-Store Design Packaging
Repairs
Jewellery Watches WEEE Directive
Buying Guides
Engagement Ring Guide Wedding Ring Guide Watch Guide Diamonds Guide Metal Guide Gemstones Guide
Value Added Services
Valuation Diamond Service Jewellery restoration Jewellery & watch cleaning Jewellery & watch insurance Insurance replacements
General Information & Policies
About Ernest Jones Support CLIC Sargent Corporate Services Product Sourcing Policy Gold Supply Policy Conflict Diamond Policy In-store Goods and Services Terms & Conditions Service Appointments Terms & Conditions Terms & conditions Of Use Of The Website User Content Terms of Use Terms & Conditions for Buying Goods Online Promotion Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Payment Options Safe Shopping Shopping for Children Modern Slavery Act Statement Terms & Conditions Site Map Accessibility Press Careers
10% off your next purchase
Exclusions apply - see terms and conditions for details Sign up to our newsletter to receive your 10% off code
I accept the privacy policy. You can read our privacy policy here.
If you wish to unsubscribe from our emails please click here
×
Thank you! You are now set to receive our newsletter. Continue Shopping
Already subscribed You are already subscribed to receive our newsletter. Continue Shopping
Session timeout We believe your session has timed-out. Please refresh this page and try again. Refresh page