http://www.calrest.org/footer-link/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to site navigation
Privacy Policy
Footer link January 24, 2017
*We are currently working on our Privacy Policy and Cookie
Policy. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or
CCPA, please contact us
and we will be happy to answer your questions.
Calrest.org makes every effort to provide you with a safe and
private environment. Calrest.org’s privacy policy tells you what
information we gather and how we use it. This privacy policy
applies to all of the California Restaurant Association
(CRA) sites.
Information Collection
Calrest.org collects two types of information:
Personal Information
When you sign up for services, you may be asked to provide
personal information. Personal data may also be requested when
registering for seminars or e-mail services. This information
will not be released without authorization from you and we will
not disclose personal identification information.
Web Site Activity Data
Activity data is gathered through several methods and is tracked
as a whole rather than individually. This allows us to track the
calrest.org Web site—we never use it to personally identify you.
By tracking, we can build the most effective Web site for all
visitors. Generally, we look at how well pages, products or
sections of the Web site perform based on traffic. Specifically,
we can determine which areas are most effective or appropriate
based on the amount of traffic to particular areas.
Information Usage
Calrest.org will not disclose any business or personal
information that identifies you to any third party without your
consent unless we clearly define the nature and manner of
disclosure or disclosure is legally required or to protect our
rights. If you unsubscribe from any of our e-mails, your name
will be shared with all list vendors whom we purchase lists from
so that your e-mail address will be included on that
do-not-e-mail list as well.
Cookies and Tracking
Web sites will commonly write small data files (cookies) to your
hard drive during your visits to the site. A cookie file is used
in order to track your traffic patterns on a particular site and
contains information that can anonymously identify you. This
information is encrypted for security purposes. Calrest.org
measures the activity of the site by using cookies. Cookies help
us make improvements to the site so that you can have a pleasant
and productive experience. Cookies are created to identify your
computer when visiting our site and are never used to identify
you personally. Cookies can’t read data off of your hard disk, do
damage to your hard disk or memory or read cookie files created
by other sites. You can set your browser to send a warning
message before accepting cookies or to refuse cookies. Check with
your browser for instructions on how to handle cookies.
Notification of Privacy Changes
Calrest.org reserves the right to change this privacy policy at
any time. When changes are made, they will be posted to the Web
site immediately.
E-Commerce Area and Partner Sites
Information requested by the CRA and its Web sites is provided
and approved by you. Information requested by other firms,
organizations, linked Web sites and partner sites reached through
any CRA Web site but not controlled by the CRA for purchases is
provided on a voluntary basis by you. Affiliate online merchants
have privacy and data collection practices of their own. Please
consult the partner’s home page for the company profile, which
will detail their practices. The CRA (as well as
any CRA Web sites) DO NOT HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
PRACTICES OF FIRMS, WEB SITES AND/OR PARTNER SITES NOT OWNED BY
THE CRA.
Credit Card Data
Calrest.org recognizes your concerns about Web commerce and
transactions using bank and credit card information. Therefore,
calrest.org is committed to keeping personal information secure
during commerce transactions by using a secured SSL encryption
with all direct transactions that involve using credit card or
banking information. This process allows calrest.org to send your
credit card number and personal data over the Internet securely.
These encrypted data files are securely stored on CRA-owned
servers. Once encrypted, only the credit card’s authorization
company has the ability to decrypt it. Calrest.org never displays
your credit card number online. Additionally, we store any
personal information you have submitted on forms (i.e., your
address, e-mail and billing information) on our secure server.
Our server is tightly monitored and controlled. Only those with
proper authorization have access to this information.
Editorial Guidance
Policy guidelines for editorial content
The goal for editorial content on calrest.org is to be accurate,
fair, complete and ethical. We are committed to a policy of
editorial neutrality. Although content on calrest.org contains
information about legal issues, the content is not intended to
serve as legal advice. Users who have specific questions about
legal issues should consult with legal counsel.
Content from External Sources and Links to External Sites
Content from external sources will be labeled to indicate the
source of the information when the information was not generated
by the Web site’s editorial staff. Content on the site may
contain links to non-calrest.org content. These links do not
constitute an endorsement of the linked content and calrest.org
does not guarantee the accuracy of the linked content.
Corrections and Clarifications
We are committed to quickly correcting any factual errors or
errors in interpretation. Editorial staff members will address
any errors brought to their attention and make an appropriate
correction as soon as possible. This includes misspellings as
well as factual or information errors identified in archival
articles after they have been published. The goal is to correct
all content so that no errors remain in our permanent archive. We
also will provide clarifications in cases where, in our judgment,
the wording or the headline on an article may lead to
misinterpretation.
Share this page
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on LinkedIn
Print-friendly
This item appears in
Back
Log in
E-mail or username: *
Password: *
Remember me
Request new password
Commands
HelpLog in