http://www.harrisleasing.com/privacy-policy/
Call us today!
713-783-7820
Apply Now
Toggle navigation
MAIN MENU
Equipment Leasing & Financing
Equipment Leasing Overview
Commercial Trailer Financing and Leasing
Corp Only Leasing And Financing
Computer Leasing
Church Audio Video Equipment Leasing
Industrial Equipment Leasing
Medical, Dental and Veterinary Equipment Leasing
Nonprofit Leasing & Financing
Goverment & Municipal Leasing
Office Furniture and Equipment Leasing
Lease Applications
Leasing 101
Equipment Leasing 101
Equipment Leasing 101 for Start-Ups, New Businesses
Why Use Leasing
Leasing FAQ
Choosing a Leasing Company
Lease Process
About
Business Partners
Business Partners Directory
Partner With Us
Equipment Leasing News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Harris Leasing Company is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Web sites.This policy may change without prior notice.Some web pages created by Harris Leasing Company use 'cookies', which are small text files that may be placed on your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. It is essentially your identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. A cookie's purpose is to tell the server that you returned to that Web page. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Furthermore, a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer. The use of cookies is an industry standard.Many major Web sites use cookies to provide useful features for their customers. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you will not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.Harris Leasing Company will not send you any unsolicited information, including email regarding any commercial offers or advertisements at any time. We value the relationships we have with our customers and future customers, so we respect these concerns.Linked sites are not under the control of Harris Leasing Company. Therefore, Harris Leasing Company is not responsible or liable for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site. Links are provided to you as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply the endorsement of the site by Harris Leasing Company.If you have any questions, feel free to contact us.
Print
Contact Us
How can we help you grow your business? Complete this form or call us today at 713-783-7820.
First Name
Last Name
Company
Phone
Email (Enter twice to verify)