http://www.starcpr.com/privacy-policy
Home
Calendar
Courses
AHA Courses
AHA ACLS Course
AHA BLS Course
AHA NRP Course
AHA PALS Course
AHA E-Learning
ATEM Courses
Prices
F.A.Q.’s
Online Resources
About Us
About STAR CPR
Our Staff
Our Clients
Testimonials
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
General:
We care about providing you with tools and information to manage and protect your online privacy. We have developed this privacy policy to inform you about what information this web site collects, who may receive that information, what we may do with the information, and how long we keep it. While we have made every attempt to make this policy as clear as possible, if you have any further questions about it, feel free to contact us.
Your Information:
We will not give out any information you submit at our site to any third parties except in compliance with a request of a law enforcement agency. Under no circumstances will your name, e-mail, phone number or address be sold to, or given to any other parties. We will never willfully sell, lease, or rent any of your or your business’ personally identifiable information to any third party.
Collected Information:
Your personal information is collected through our contact forms and merchant account transactions via PAYPAL only. This website currently has no applications or programs that gather information from your computer without your consent. Users are required to give us contact information (e.g., your name and email address) and demographic information (e.g., your zip code). Certain information, such as your email address, is collected in order to verify your identity and for use in our records. Information collected at this website is kept in our records only as long as is necessary to provide requested services to our clients.
Summation:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site, please contact us.
Like Us on Facebook
AHA CoursesAHA ACLS Course
AHA BLS Course
AHA First Aid/CPR-AED Courses
AHA NRP Course
AHA PALS Course
AHA E-LearningHeartcode© ACLS Part 1 & 2 Combo
HEARTCODE© PALS Part 1 & 2 Combo
HEARTCODE© BLS
(Healthcare Providers)
AHA Heartsaver© CPR/AED Online
AHA Heartsaver© First Aid Online
Share our website
Home | Calendar | ACLS FAQ | BLS FAQ | First Aid & CPR FAQ | PALS FAQ | NRP FAQ | Prices | About Star CPR | Our Staff | Our Clients | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
© 2020 Star CPR. All Rights Reserved. Web Development by: welwix.com
DISCLAIMER: The American Heart Association strongly promotes knowledge and proficiency in all AHA courses and has developed instructional materials for this purpose.
Use of these materials in an educational course does not represent course sponsorship by the AHA.
Any fees charged for such a course, except for a portion of fees needed for AHA course materials; do not represent income to the AHA.
Areas We Serve: Bakersfield, Lancaster, Palmdale, Antelope Valley, Ridgecrest, Delano, Fresno, Madera.