https://www.mountainmtg.com/CompanyInformation/privacy-policy/
MENU
HomeOnline Application Start an ApplicationResume an ApplicationRequired DocumentsInterest Rates Rate TrackerLoan Programs FHA LoansVA LoansUSDA LoansRefinance LoansHARP 2.0FAQsMortgage NewsCalculatorsAbout Us TestimonialsScrap BookContact UsLicensing
"Site" refers to this Internet web site (http://www.mountainmtg.com) and its related services. "You" or "User" refers to a registered user of this Site. "Mountain Mortgage of Oregon." or "We" refers to Mountain Mortgage of Oregon..
This Site contains links to other sites.
Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. is not responsible for the privacy practices of the content of any other Web sites to which We link or to which We are linked. We encourage You to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site.
The Work Space.
This area of the Site is for the benefit of Users. The private and shared Work Space areas of the Site help to facilitate communication and the exchange and sharing of information. The information contained in private work spaces shared between Users and Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. is not used for any purposes other than to facilitate communication and the exchange of information between the parties involved.
Information We Gather.
Registration.
If You register to use or provide services using Mountain Mortgage of Oregon., we may collect and store information that specifically identifies You or your account ("Personally Identifiable Information"). The required information may include your User ID, password, first name, last name, business name, address, city, state, zip/postal code, phone, fax, email and web site address. We may, in the future, include other optional requests for information from You, to help us to tailor the Site for You and deliver personalized information to You.
Online Surveys and Contests.
Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. may conduct online user surveys to collect information about our Users preferences. These surveys are optional and if You choose to respond, your responses will be kept anonymous. Similarly, we offer contests to qualifying Users in which we ask for contact and demographic information such as name, email address and mailing address.
Automatically Gathered Information.
Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. automatically collects your browser type and browser software version to tailor the presentation of the services to your platform and to maintain a record of your activity on the Site. Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. may also use cookies to enable users to specify unique preferences and to track user trends and patterns. Users always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences. If You disable cookies on your browser, please note that some parts of our Site may not function as effectively or may be considerably slower. As an automatic process, our web server software records a log file of IP addresses that access the Site. We also collect IP address information but do not ordinarily link IP addresses to Users Personally Identifiable Information. However, We can and will use IP addresses to identify a User when We, in our sole discretion, determine that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions of Use or to protect our service, Site, customers or others.
Your Public Profile.
As part of registration, You may be required to provide contact information such as name, address, city, state, zip, phone, fax and email address, some of which can be displayed to other users of our service in an effort to simplify communication between members.
How We Use Information.
Registration Information.
We use Personally Identifiable Information for our own internal purposes including contacting You via email to inform You about updates to our services and providing You with other information that we deem necessary. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law. We do not rent or sell our Users Personally Identifiable Information to third parties.
Advertising.
At this time we do not display banner advertising on our site, but we may send You email communications including information that we think may be of interest to You. You may opt out of receiving these promotional email communications, either when You register to become a Member, or at any time thereafter by
contacting us.
Demographic Information, Surveys and Contests.
The demographic information that Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. collects in the registration process and through online surveys may be used to help us improve our services to meet the needs and preferences of our Users. This may include targeting advertising to You about our services. Information we gather through a contest may also be disclosed to third parties as necessary for prize fulfillment and other aspects of any contest or similar offering.
Comments Submitted by Users.
Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. constantly seeks to improve the quality of the services We provide and the User experience on the Site. We value your input and encourage You to help us expand and make improvements to the Site by providing Us with any thoughts or comments You might have regarding our services or the operation of the Site. You can submit any comments by contacting us. If You provide this information, we will only use it to acknowledge or respond to your comments. In certain circumstances, we may ask for your permission to post your comments in marketing or promotional materials.
Security.
We will use commercially reasonable methods to keep Personally Identifiable Information securely in our files and systems. Please note that with current technology, we cannot guarantee the security of your data as it travels over the Internet.
How We Respond To Browser Do Not Track Requests
Mountain Mortgage of Oregon. and other parties not affiliated with us may collect Personally Identifiable Information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our website or the services offered on our website. Industry standards regarding how to handle “Do Not Track” requests from web browsers are still evolving and there is currently no set of industry standards for handling such requests. As such we may not separately respond to or take any action with respect to a “do not track” configuration set in your internet browser. At this time, we do not have any protocol in place that allows you to opt-out of internet tracking. If you have any questions regarding our internet tracking methods please contact us.
Terminating Your Membership.
We save your Personally Identifiable Information until your membership with us is terminated. To terminate your membership, contact us. If You terminate your membership, your Personally Identifiable Information cannot be recovered. You may continue to receive email communications for a short period of time until we have updated all of our databases. After termination of your membership, your Personally Identifiable Information may remain on our archived database and records for a reasonable time as residual information. We will not use this residual information. Notwithstanding the above, we will maintain information on Users who have been removed for violating our Membership Agreement.
Correcting/Updating Your Information.
To correct and/or update your information, please contact us.
Contacting Us.
If You have any questions about this Privacy Agreement or the practices of this Site, you may contact us at:
Mountain Mortgage of Oregon.
Customer Service
33 Hawthorne Street
Medford, Oregon 97504
541-774-9002