https://www.justhost.com/cgi/info/terms?no_navigation=1
This site utilizes JavaScript to function correctly. Looks like it's disabled on your browser. Please enable it for your best experience.
For instructions on enabling JavaScript, click here
Skip to main content
Just Host Terms of Service
User Agreement
All Customers of Just Host's basic services are subject to the terms and conditions contained in the User Agreement. The User Agreement is a legal contract between Just Host and the User that contains the rights, duties and obligations of Just Host and the User.
Acceptable Use Policy
Just Host's Usage Policy is designed to protect Just Host, its Users and others from illegal, malicious, damaging and
inappropriate behavior by Users of Just Host's services. All users of Just Host's services are subject to the Usage Policy.
The Usage Policy lists activities that are prohibited on Just Host's services, such as hacking and spamming.
Domain Registration Agreement
Customers of Just Host wishing to register, transfer or renew a domain name must agree to the Domain Registration
Agreement.
Anti-Spam Policy
In our ongoing commitment to providing superior service for our customers, Just Host has introduced a new,
more vigilant anti-spam policy. We have implemented the following policy as a part of our commitment to reducing
spam related activity.
Privacy Notice
Just Host's Privacy Notice covers treatment of information that Just Host may collect from users of its products and
services and from visitors to the Just Host site.
Domain Name Dispute Policy
The Domain Name Dispute Policy covers Just Host's involvement in disputes relating specifically to domain name
registrations.
Data Request Policy
The Data Request Notice covers Just Host's handling of formal legal requests for the release of account
information.
Copyright Claims Policy
Just Host's Copyright Claims Policy provides information for parties wishing to notify us of claimed intellectual
property infringements present on sites hosted on our servers.
Ownership Changes and Disputes
The Ownership Changes and Dispute policy covers the customers responsibility for any changes to the
ownership of a hosting account.
Professional Services Agreement
Just Host offers certain Professional Services in addition to the basic hosting service. Customers purchasing any
Professional Services must read and agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this section for each
Professional Service they purchase.
Affiliate Terms & Conditions
All Parties wishing to join Just Host's Affiliate program must read and agree to the Affiliate Terms &
Conditions.
Report Spam and Abuse
Please send reports of spam and abuse to tos@justhost.com.
In the case of spam, please include the full message being reported as spam including all mail headers.
Click here for more information on displaying mail headers.
Terms Home
User Agreement
Acceptable Use Policy
HIPAA Disclaimer
Domain Registration Agreement
Anti-Spam Policy
Privacy Notice
Domain Name Dispute Policy
Data Request Policy
Copyright Claims Policy
Ownership Dispute/Change Policy
Professional Services Agreement
Affiliate Agreement