http://www.quarry.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Effective February 1, 2020
Quarry Integrated Communications Inc. (Quarry) is committed to protecting our clients’ and their customers’ privacy. As a part of this commitment, we have developed policies and procedures to comply with the government’s Privacy Legislation. Take a
look, and see what our privacy policy includes.
SCOPE
This policy covers the “personal information” we collect through our site. “Personal information” is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination, with other information available to us. Examples of personal
information include your name, address, email address and other information you provide when you submit a contact us form.
YOUR CONSENT
Please take a few minutes to review this policy. By accessing or using our site you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this policy.
IF YOU DO NOT CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS SET FORTH IN THIS POLICY, YOU MAY NOT USE THIS SITE.
Changes to this policy
As we add new features and functionality to our site, we may need to update or revise this policy. We reserve the right to do so, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version on our site. These changes will be effective as
of the date we post the revised version on our site. Your use of our site following any such change constitutes your consent to the terms of the revised policy. For this reason, it is important to review this policy regularly. For your convenience,
we post the effective date of this policy at the top of this page so that you can see at a glance whether this policy has changed since your last visit.
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When we need to collect personal information, we will inform you of the purposes for collecting it, before or when it is collected. We will also make recommendations to our clients on the appropriate methods of doing so.
How we use personal information and obtain consent
Giving a clear idea of how we use personal information and seek consent is important. Here’s what we do:
Whenever possible, we will try to inform clients and their customers how the personal information will be used and disclosed by Quarry.
We will obtain consent from our clients and their customers before or when we collect, use or disclose personal information.
We will NOT obtain consent through deceptive means.
We may collect, use or disclose personal information without the customer’s consent for certain legal, security or processing reasons.
A customer’s consent can be expressed, implied or given through an authorized representative.
A customer CAN withdraw consent at any time.
Information you provide: We collect the personal information you knowingly provide (by using your mouse and keyboard) when you use our site. The information we collect depends on how you use our site. For example, if you sign up to receive
email communications from us, we collect your email address and any related information you provide.
Information sent to us by your web browser: We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes the IP address of your Internet service provider, the name and version of your
operating system, the name and version of your browser, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you visit. If you arrive at our site via a link in an email that we sent to you, or if you have submitted a form on our site, we may link this
information to you personally. Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
Generally, we use this information to improve our sites and make them more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. We also review our server logs—which contain visitors’ IP addresses—for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions
into our network. If we suspect criminal activity, we may share our server logs with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.
Cookies and similar technologies: We use “cookies,” web beacons and other similar technologies to collect information and support certain features of our site. Cookies are small text files placed in the ‘Cookies’ folder of a visitor’s hard
drive that allow our site to recognize return visitors. Web beacons generate an anonymous notice when a visitor accesses certain pages of our site. Cookies and web beacons themselves do not contain any personal information. However, if you submit a
form on our site, we may link the information we collect using cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies to other information that identifies you personally. We may also link the information we collect using cookies, web beacons and other
similar technologies to your email address if you have accessed our site from an email that we sent to you. If we send you an email we will also collect information about what you did with that email, such as whether you opened it or accessed our
site from a link in the email.
If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. You may also delete cookies as soon as you leave a site. Although you are not required to accept cookies
when you visit our site, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you will not be able to use all of the features and functionality of our site. If you turn off cookies, web beacons will still detect anonymous visits, but the notices they
generate cannot be associated with personal or other information.
We may use cookies and other similar technologies to:
Recognize you when you return to our site.
Collect information about the number of visitors to our site and the ways in which visitors use our site, including which pages they visit, which links they use and how long they stay on each page.
Track which websites, emails and advertisements refer traffic to our site and the URLs of the site to which our site refers traffic (that is, the websites on which our visitors land when they leave our site).
Compile statistics and prepare reports that provide the feedback and analysis we need to understand the needs and interests of our visitors, improve the content, functionality and usability of our site, and manage, determine and improve the
effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns.
Support the features and functionality of our site.
Personalize your experience when you use our site.
What are our limits to collecting personal information?
We will limit the amount and type of personal information we collect on behalf of clients.
We will collect personal information for the purposes identified to the client’s customer.
We will collect personal information using procedures which are fair and lawful.
What are our limits to using personal information?
Quarry will use or disclose personal information only for the reasons it was collected, unless a client’s customer gives consent to use or disclose it for another reason. We will keep personal information only as long as necessary for the
identified purposes.
Sharing of personal information
Service providers: We use third-party companies and organizations to perform services on our behalf; for example, companies that provide support services to us (such as data storage services, marketing and analytics, and web hosting and
development services) or that help us market our products and services (such as third-party email marketing companies). We may share personal information with these third parties, or they may otherwise collect, use and process personal information
on our behalf, in order to provide these services to us. These third parties are required by contract to use the personal information we share with them, or that they collect, use or process on our behalf, only to perform services on our behalf and
to take commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information.
Compliance with laws and protection of our rights and the rights of others: We may disclose personal information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also
disclose personal information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce or apply our online terms of use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety
of our users or others.
As described in our privacy notice: We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as described in our privacy notice. By providing your personal information you will be consenting to the disclosure of your personal information
as described in the privacy notice.
Keeping personal information accurate
We will keep personal information as accurate, complete, current and relevant as necessary for the identified purposes.
Clients’ customers may challenge the accuracy and completeness of their personal information and have it amended as appropriate. To do so, customers will contact the client directly unless an arrangement has been made with the client that
allows the client’s customer to contact Quarry directly.
We do not “sell” personal information that we collect from you, in accordance with the definition of “sell” in the CCPA (“Sell,” “selling,” “sale,” or “sold,” means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available,
transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration), and will treat
personal information we collect from you as subject to a do not sell request.
California Consumers have the right to exercise the privacy rights under the CCPA and can request access to their data at any time through our Data Subject Access Request Form. If you have any
questions about the policies or procedures outlined in this privacy policy, please reach out to a Privacy Officer at privacy@quarry.com.
Safeguarding personal information
Quarry will protect personal information with safeguards appropriate to the sensitivity of the information. Although we take commercially reasonable precautions to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal
information we collect, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet or stored in our databases.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
Need more information about our policies and procedures?
We are open about the policies and procedures we use to manage personal information.
Clients and their customers can have access to information about these policies and procedures by contacting the
Privacy Officer at Quarry. We’ll make sure that the information you receive is easy to understand.
To access to your personal data, have data removed from our systems, or have data moved or ported, please submit a request here.
Want to know how we are using personal information?
Upon the request of a client or their customers, we will advise of them what personal information we have, what it is being used for and to whom it has been disclosed.
To make a request, customers will contact the client directly unless an arrangement has been made with the client that allows the client’s customer to contact Quarry directly. We will then provide them access to their own personal information.
Links to third-party websites
This site may contain links to websites operated by other companies. This policy does not apply to personal information collected on any of these third-party websites. When you access third-party websites through a link on this site, please take a
few minutes to review the privacy policy posted on that site.
Children
Our site is not directed at, nor targeted to, children under the age of 13. We do not use our site to knowingly solicit data from, or market to, children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not provide us with any personal
information. If we learn that someone under 13 has provided personally identifiable information through our site, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases.
Special notice for visitors who reside outside Canada
Quarry Integrated Communications Inc. is a Canadian corporation based in St. Jacobs, Ontario, Canada. We use web servers and store data in the United States and Canada. We may transfer your personal information to our service providers and others
located in these locales for the purposes described in this policy. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some provide less legal protection for your personal information than others. Please know, however, that no
matter where your personal information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through our site, it will be protected by the terms of this policy.
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN OR TO CANADA, THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD.
Governing law
This policy is governed under the laws of the Province of Ontario without regard to its conflicts of law provisions.
Handling client and customer complaints and questions
We understand privacy is an important issue to our clients and their customers. If you have questions or concerns, we would like to hear them.
Clients or their customers may challenge our compliance with our own privacy code. Quarry has policies and procedures to receive, investigate and respond to clients’ (and their customers’) complaints and questions.
Questions or concerns regarding the Quarry Integrated Communications Inc. Privacy Policy may be addressed to:
Privacy Officer
Quarry Integrated Communications
1440 King Street North
St Jacobs, ON, N0B 2N0
519-664-2999
Email Privacy Officer