http://www.qsrmagazine.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Continue to Site
Privacy Policy Statement
This web site is copyright 2020 Journalistic Inc. All Rights ReservedEffective Date: 5/29/2018Our postal address is:101 Europa Drive, Suite 150Chapel Hill, NC 27517We can be reached via e-mail at privacy@foodnewsmedia.com or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-662-4834 ext 225.If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Privacy Policy Administrator at 1-800-662-4834 ext 225 or privacy@foodnewsmedia.com.The foodservice-related properties of Journalistic, Inc., which include, but are not limited to, Food News Media, QSR magazine, and FSR magazine, are intended for an audience who are citizens of the United States. If you are not a citizen of the United States, we make a reasonable effort not to accept your data, and you should not subscribe to any of our services.Information Collected and UsedWhen you complete any form on one of our websites, we are collecting personally identifiable information. Points of data collection may include:Magazine subscription formsE-letter subscription formsContent download formsWebinar registration formsEvent registration formsEmail forwarding formsWe use this information in the following ways:To serve magazine subscriptions, in both print and digital formatsTo renew magazine subscriptions, by both email and phoneTo send e-letters and other editorial content notificationsTo send promotional emailsTo send third-party emailsTo build lists, on other platforms, that are similar to the demographics of our audienceWe may also provide this information to third-party vendors based on your implied interest in certain subject matter. This includes:Clicking on or viewing any content labeled as “Sponsored”Clicking on a banner in an e-letterIndicating purchase intent via our QSRConnect and FSRConnect servicesRegistering for a webinarRegistering for an eventOpting OutUsers may cancel magazine subscriptions or unsubscribe from email communications at any time. You may cancel a magazine subscription by emailing circulation.assistant@journalistic.com or calling us at 1-800-662-4834, ext 120. You may unsubscribe from email communication by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link included in every email communication you receive from us.Upon request at the contact information above, we will purge you and all of your data from our system. However, we reserve the right to keep enough identifiable information to ensure you are not inadvertently re-added to our lists. To be re-added to our lists after a purge, you must contact us in writing with your explicit instructions. Please be mindful that digital services at Journalistic, Inc., are cloud-based and as such are routinely backed up. Backed up data is only used in rare situations, such as a computer failure, but it may exist indefinitely.Log FilesAs is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click-stream data.We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.Our Email Service Provider (ESP) logs your interactions (e.g., receipt, opening, and/or clicking on a link) with our email communications. These interactions can be used for analytics purposes and in the case of interactions with our sponsors, shared with them.CookiesA cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.We use session ID cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site and hold items in your shopping cart, to improve our services. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser.We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in aggregate. We may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and click-stream information to monitor the usage of our site for marketing and design needs, as well as to maintain security against malicious activity.If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.Some of our advertisers use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. See “Third Party Advertisers.”This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by www.qsrmagazine.com or www.foodnewsfeed.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. [See the “Third Party Advertisers” section.] This statement also does not cover the use of cookies by other third party services.Third Party AdvertisersThird Party Ad Servers-The ads appearing on this website are delivered to users by third party ad servers. We share Web site usage information with reputable third parties for the purpose of making the banner advertisements from our set of advertisers more relevant to you.Ads on our websites are delivered by Google to try and bring you offers that are of interest to you. We also have an affiliate relationship with Amazon that places foodservice offers on our website; if you click on one of these ads and visit Amazon’s web site, you should be familiar with their Privacy Policy and Terms of Service, as it is different from this website.  As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and click-stream information.Links to Other SitesThis Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Journalistic, Inc. Please be aware that we, Journalistic, Inc. and QSR and FSR magazines, and Food News Media, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.We encourage you to be aware that when you leave our site, you should become familiar with the privacy of those sites.This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.Access to Personally Identifiable InformationUpon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them.Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.Credit Card DataIf you purchase a product or service on our site and use a credit card, please be advised that this information is accepted on third party sites which offer high level secure transactions. Journalistic, Inc. has no control over the security of this data. Journalistic, Inc. does not collect, transmit, or store credit card data and has no access to this information when it is provided. Charges are processed by third parties and only the funds and basic payment information are transmitted to us in order to complete the transaction Your credit card number, CVV and expiration date are never part of the information that is transmitted.SecurityThe security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at privacy@foodnewsmedia.com.Changes in this Privacy StatementWe reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at: 1-800-662-4834, ext 225, privacy@foodnewsmedia.com, 101 Europa Drive, Suite 150, Chapel Hill, NC 27517.
Recent News
Papa John’s and MTN DEW Partner for Video Game Showdown
Buffalo’s Cafe Unveils Winter LTO Menu
Bruster’s Real Ice Cream Introduces New Festive Treats
Steak ‘n Shake Launches Merchandise and Apparel Line
Charleys Philly Steaks Opens at American Dream Mall in New Jersey
Santa and the Grinch Get Their Own McDonald's Meals this Holiday Season
Subscribe to A.M. Jolt
The five times weekly e-newsletter that keeps you up-to-date on the latest industry news and additions to this website.
Smart Chain Reports
Pack It Up
Breakfast Boom or Bust?
Speciality Beverages
PCI Compliance
POS Solutions
Safety and Security
Drive-Thru Solutions
Digital Signage
OneSource
Find restaurant equipment and suppliers.
Start Now!
Fast Food
Starbucks Says it Will Have 55,000 Locations by 2030
Wendy’s, Flynn Restaurant Group Head to Mediation over NPC International Sale
How Church’s Protected Brand Standards During a Pandemic
Finance
DoorDash Posts $39 Billion Market Value
Blue Star Donuts Pivots to Off-Premises in Wake of Bankruptcy
10,000 More Restaurants Have Closed in Three Months
Consumer Trends
How Sam Nazarian's C3 is Unleashing the Future of Restaurants
What Will the Fast-Food Experience Look Like in 2021?
Is The Restaurant of the Future Already Here?
Business Advice
When it’s Time to Sell Your Restaurant
The Power of Culture to Pull Your Brand Through Crisis
New Considerations for Catering During COVID-19
Technology
How to Become a Top 10 Global Brand
With Technology and COVID-19, it’s How, Not If for Restaurants
Chipotle Plots Drive-Thru Only Restaurants as Digital Soars
Employee Management
Kat Cole to Leave Focus Brands by End of Year
How to Hire a Good Restaurant Manager
Why a Digital Hiring Mindset Can Attract the Best Talent
Menu Innovations
7 Reasons to Invest in Good Coffee
With Digital Surging, Panera Joins the Pizza Category
McDonald's Happy Meals are Still Getting Healthier
Customer Experience
The Secrets to Wingstop’s Tech Mastery
Why International Markets are Key to Wingstop's Growth Goals
Wingstop’s Blueprint to Becoming a Global Powerhouse
Drive Thru
Optimizing Your Restaurant for the Takeout Boom
Wienerschnitzel’s Drive Thru Rewrites the Record Books
Burger King Owner to Modernize 10,000 Drive Thrus
Franchising
NPC International Cancels Auction for Wendy’s and Pizza Hut Assets
Former Burger King Franchisees Inject Life into Fosters Freeze
How Being 'Intentionally Agile' is Boosting Wingstop
Emerging Concepts
ZaLat Pizza's 'Romantic Mission' Kicks Into Gear
Charleys Philly Steak Parent Preps for Breakout Year
Zaxby’s Dream of Going National Comes Calling
Marketing & Promotions
The Current and Future State of Rideshare Fast-Food Advertising
How National Chains Can Make Local Waves During COVID
How to Create a ‘Culinary Identity’ with Fast-Food Advertising
Restaurant Operations
McDonald’s Invests in Clean Energy that Could Power the Equivalent of 8,000 Restaurants
El Pollo Loco Unveils Evolved Concept to Compete in COVID World
How COVID-19 Made One Emerging Fast Casual Stronger
Health & Wellness
Health and Wellness Brands Find their COVID-19 Purpose
Off-Premises Menu Innovation Has Never Been More Critical
Here’s How Your Brand Should Prepare for COVID-19
Fast Casual
5 Ways Coronavirus Changed My Restaurant for the Better
Juice It Up!'s Refresh Takes a Social Approach
Torchy’s Tallies $400 Million Investment to Spark Growth