http://www.energykinetics.com/privacy-policy/
Product Selector
Find Dealer
800.323.2066
Search
Toggle navigation
Products
Product Overview
Which One’s For You?
Product Selector
System 2000 Frontier Boilers
Resolute Boilers
Accel CS Boilers
Ascent Combi Boilers
Smart Solar
Additional Products
Product Gallery
Testimonials
Product Registration
Why Energy Kinetics
Why Energy Kinetics?
Whisper Quiet
Endless Hot Showers
Hybrid Energy Recovery
Case Studies
Testimonials
Made in USA
Company
About Us
Awards & Recognition
In The Community
Conference and Training Center
Technical Support
Employment Opportunities
Home Heating 101
Understanding Boiler Efficiency
Boiler Selector and Savings Calculator
Fuel Comparisons
When to Upgrade
High Performance Homes
Investment Comparison
Cast Iron Boiler Truths
Condensing Boiler Truths
Glossary
FAQ
Professionals
Tech Support and Diagnostics
Energy Manager Controls
Architects and Engineers
Building Managers and Owners
Tune Up Guides
Parts and Pricing
Become a Dealer
Heating Professional Login
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for energykinetics.com and apps available from Energy Kinetics. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website and collected through Energy Kinetics’ apps. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order, or to connect you with independent contractors for installation, repair, or service requests.
We authorize independent contractors to use password protected apps, and these contractors may work directly with you from time to time.
Information you share with these contractors is accessible to Energy Kinetics and to the specific contractor(s) who used the app with you; the information is not shared with any other parties.
We may contact other parties on your behalf to allow them to contact you to provide specific services you request (such as installation, service, or repair). When the user requests these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Unless you ask us not to, we (or an independent contractor who used the app with you) may contact you in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, changes to this privacy policy, or to follow up on prior communications.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for feedback and purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (we do not collect credit card or payment data online), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at
(908) 735-2066 or via email at customerservice@energykinetics.com.
×
Search
Enter Keywords
Go