http://www.biodermis.com/terms_privacy.asp
Login
/
Register
My Account
Intl Orders
Today's Deals
Coupons
Products by Name
Epi-Derm Silicone Gel Sheeting
Single Packs
Multi Packs
Scar Care Packages
Scar Care Packages
Pro-Sil Silicone Scar Stick
Pro-Sil Original
Pro-Sil Sport SPF-15
Kids Pro-Sil
Xeragel Scar Ointment
Dermasof Silk Skin Repair Serum
BIO-luminance Hydration Masque
SilqueClenz & Epi-Tape
Epi-Net Elastic Stretch Net
Epifoam Compression Foam
Mia Breast Forms
Products by Type
Anti-aging
Liposuction
Mastectomy
Mia Breast Forms
Epi-Derm Silicone Sheeting
Scars
Acne
Breast Surgery
C-Section & Tummy Tuck
Mommy Makeover
Face, Hands (exposed areas)
Pediatric
(S) and Mole Removal
(M-L) & Burns
Cleansers, Sanitizer, Accessories
Partners
Physicians & Surgeons
International Distributors
OEM Capabilities
Results
Before & After Cases
Testimonials
Learn
Blog
A Skincare Routine for Cold Weather
Breast Implant Removal and Scar Treatment
Can Stress Affect Your Skin in Negative Ways?
Can You Have Too Much Plastic Surgery?
Can You Prepare for Scarring?
Common Misconceptions about Skincare
Common Questions about Silicone Gel for Scars
Cosmetic Surgery: How to Treat Scars after an Arm Lift
Diabetes-Related Skincare Problems
Does Cold Weather Cause Illness?
Does Tanning Improve the Appearance of Scars?
Dry vs. Dehydrated Skin: What’s the Difference?
Firework Safety and Burn Treatment
Five Daily Habits for Healthy Skin
How Best to Recover After Having a C-section
How Do Stress and Anxiety Affect Our Skin?
How Do You Decide on a Skincare Regimen?
How Does Alcohol Affect Wound Healing and Scarring?
How Does Skin Change as We Age?
How Does Sugar Affect the Skin?
How Does Weight Loss Affect the Skin?
How Hormones Can Affect Skin Health
How Makeup Affects Wound Healing and How to Conceal Scars
How Proper Nutrition Improves Skin Health
How Silicone Helps Scars Heal
How to Best Prepare for Surgery
How to Care for Your Scars After Foot Surgery
How to Cover Your Scars
How to Help Facial Scars Heal
How to Treat and Prevent Scars in Toddlers and Babies
How to Treat Coral Cut Scars
How to Treat Scars After Facial Surgery
How to Treat Scars From Scratching Your Eczema
How to Treat Your Scars After Basal Cell Carcinoma
Ingrown Hairs and How They Affect Your Skin
Is There Anything You Can Do About Old Scars?
Is Yoga Beneficial after a Spinal Fusion Surgery?
Know the Different Types of Scars and How to Treat Them
Learning about Scar Contractures and How to Treat Them
Liposuction and Post-Operative Recovery
PH Levels and Your Skin
Probiotics and Skin Care
Reconstructive vs Cosmetic Plastic Surgery and Scar Care
Rhinoplasty Recovery and Scar Care
Scar Treatment After Cancer Removal Surgery
Scar Treatment for Mohs Surgery Patients
Scar Treatment for New Mothers
Should You Massage Your Scar?
Should You Wait Until After Pregnancy for Breast Implants?
Shoulder Replacement Surgery and Scar Management
Skin Care Routine for the Fall Season
Skin Care Tips and Scar Treatment for People with Dark Skin
Skin Hyperpigmentation and How to Prevent It
Sunlight and Skin Health: the Good and the Bad
The Best Scar Treatment After Hand Surgery
The Best skin Care Tips for Summer Time
The Best Way to Treat Scars on Your Face
The Different Ways Pregnancy Can Change Your Skin
The Importance of Good Hygiene for Skin Health
The Importance of Good Sleep for Healthy Skin
The Importance of Hydration for Wound Healing and Scarring
The Most Common Skincare Concerns
The Most Common Surgeries That Leave Scars
The Most Overrated Skin Care Products Dermatologists Don’t Like
The Role of Proteins and Amino Acids in Skin Health
The Science of Exercise and Skin Health
Treating Facial Scars vs Body Scars
Treating Skin Problems from Wearing Face Masks
Treating Your Scar After Appendix Removal
Understanding Hand Sanitizers for Parents and Kids
Understanding Skin Changes and How to Respond
Understanding the Different Types of Skin Cancer
What are the Best Vitamins to Take for Skin Health?
What Are the Best Ways to Remedy Dry Skin?
What Are the Top Causes of Dry Skin?
What Do the Size and Color of Your Scar Mean?
What Foods You Should and Shouldn’t Eat as a New Mom
What is the Best Way to Help Wounds Heal to Minimize Scarring?
When and How to Treat Your Scars After Surgery
Why Do Scars Change Color?
Why Do Some Parts of the Body Scar More Than Others?
Why Do Wounds Take Longer to Heal as We Age?
Why Smoking is Terrible for Your Skin
Why Some Wounds Heal Differently Than Others
Why Using Lube for Your Scar is a Bad Idea
Why You Shouldn’t Use Snail Mucin for Your Scars
How to Reduce Scarring After Breast Implants
Achieving Your Best Microblading Results with Silicone
How to Treat Keloids and Hypertrophic Scars
Mole Removal Scar Treatment
Scar Treatment for Scoliosis Patients
The Best Scar Treatment Options for Kids
Tilapia Skin and Other Burn Treatment Techniques
Healthy Eating, Stretch Marks and the Holiday Season
How to Tell If Your Wound Is Infected
How to Use Silicone Gel for Scars
Scar Treatment for Cleft Lip Surgery
The Scar Management Side of Tattoo Removal
Thyroid Surgery Scar Care
Understanding Different Types of Wounds
Product FAQ
General Q&A
BIO-luminance
Epi-derm
Epifoam
Epi-Net, Epi-Tape, SilqueClenz
Pro-Sil
Safety Concerns
Keloid & Hypertrophic Scars
Xeragel
Preguntas en Español
Scars 101
Breast Procedures
Mommy Makeovers
Tummy Tuck & C-section
Silicone & Scar Management
Silicone & Hydration
Dow Corning on Silicone
Clinical Evidence
Certifications
Press
Articles & Press Releases
Newsletters
Videos
view your cart
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Biodermis Corporation. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.