http://www.agrarianmarketing.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Last updated: (03/05/2019)Agrarian Solutions ("us", "we", or "our") operates https://agrariansolutions.com (the"Site").This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.Information Collection and Use While using our SiteWe may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name or email address ("Personal Information").Log DataLike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze our website usage and traffic.CommunicationsWe may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information.CookiesCookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.When visitors come to our site, third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on visitors' browsers for targeted advertising purposes. Instructions on how to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising can be found at www.aboutads.info or www.networkadvertising.org/cho... security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes to this Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is effective as of January 1, 2019 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Products
Agrarian Solutions offers products that are specifically designed to assist today’s livestock producers in combatting the challenges that they are facing each and everyday.
Learn More
Did you know?
Agrarian Solutions is one of the leading producers of direct fed microbials for the agricultural livestock feed industry. We have a proprietary technology that is unique to our industry.
Products
Dairy and Beef
Swine
Poultry
All Products
About Us
Our Technology
The Agrarian Advantage
The Issues
News
Our Team
Sales
Find A Distributor
Contact
© 2020 Agrarian Solutions. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Site Crafted by Eden.