http://www.smithhancock.com.au/sitepage.cfm?code=privacy
Phone: (02) 9689 2266
Email Us
Search Site:
Smith Hancock
About Us
Our Services
» Business Insolvency
» Personal Insolvency
» Business Reconstruction
» Corporate Services
» Other Services
Our People
Resources
» Fact Sheets
» Information for Creditors
» For Directors/Shareholders
» Information for Employees
» Useful Links
» COVID-19 Information Sheets
News & Updates
Creditor Information
Contact
Privacy Your privacy is important to us. Changes to Australian privacy laws over the last couple of years have resulted in more protection for web users. Smith Hancock Chartered Accountants (Smith Hancock) respects your right to privacy and will protect it when you visit this web site. Here are some things you should know about how we protect your privacy. E-mail When you send us e-mail, we may keep your email for tracking purposes, but we won't share your e-mail address with anyone outside of Smith Hancock employees and its contractors. We'll only use your e-mail address to respond to your requests for information. Information Collection If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read pages, or download information, our server will automatically gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. Our server automatically collects and stores only the following information about your visit:The Internet domain (for example, "mycompany.com.au" if you use a private Internet access account, or "myschool.edu.au" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our web site;The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;The date and time you access our site;The pages you visit; andIf you linked to our web site from another web site, the address of that web site.We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you.Links to Other SitesOur website has links to other web sites. When you leave the Smith Hancock web site to go to another web site, you are subject to the privacy and security policies of that site. Smith Hancock cannot attest to the accuracy of information provided there. Linking to a web site does not constitute an endorsement by Smith Hancock, or any of its employees, of the sponsors of the site or the products presented on the site. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.Disclaimer and Limitation of LiabilityThis web site and the information it contains is provided as a public service by Smith Hancock. This system is monitored to ensure proper operation, to verify the functioning of applicable security features, and for other like purposes. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring. Unauthorised attempts to modify any information stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features, or to utilise this system for other than its intended purposes are prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution. Restriction of LiabilitySmith Hancock makes no claims, promises or guarantees about the accuracy, completeness, or adequacy of the contents of this web site and expressly disclaims liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this web site. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents of this web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources. Reference in this web site to any specific commercial products, processes, or services, or the use of any trade, firm or corporation name is for the information and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement, recommendation, or favouring by Smith Hancock. OwnershipInformation presented on this web site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied. However, all information submitted to Smith Hancock via this site shall be deemed and remain the property of Smith Hancock, except those submissions made under separate legal contract. Smith Hancock shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, or techniques contained in information provided to Smith Hancock through this site.
News & Updates
Alert to Advisors - Potential Personal Liability Read all
Covid-19 Safe Harbour Protection for Directors Read all
The Dangers of Lending to Loved Ones Read all
Impending Changes to the DPN and PPSR Update Read all
Recent criminal changes to the Director Penalty Notice Regime Read all
Gaol Time for Delinquent Company Directors / PPSR Update Read all
When is a Guarantee Not a Guarantee? Read all
Illegal Phoenix Operations & Determining Right to Income Read all
New & Proposed Legislative Changes Read all
Voidable Property Transfer & Director Liability Read all
Welcome to New Partner and Reforms to Insolvency Law Read all
ASIC Statistics and Enforcement Read all
Government Targets Foreign Investors with New Tax Legislation
Read all
Dodgy Advisers – Watch Out! Read all
Steering the Ship onto Rocks: Directors Flouting Obligations Read all
From the Mining Boom to the Ideas Boom - What it All Means Read all
When is a Debt to the ATO Due and Payable Read all
ATO and Phoenix Activity Read all
Unreasonable Director-related Transactions & PPSA Update Read all
PPS and
ASIC Prosecution Read all
Leases and Insolvency Read all
PPS Update Read all
Expansion of Director Liability Provisions (PAYG & SGC) Now Law Read all
Proposed Changes to Corporations Act (Phoenix Activity) and Taxation Act (Director Penalty) Read all
March 2012 PPSA Newsletter Practical Worked Examples Read all
Personal Property Securities Act ("PPSA") Now Law Read all
PPS Reform - Understanding Security Interests: Perfection and Priorities Read all
Tax Changes - Expansion of Director Liability Provisions Read all
Australian Taxation Office - Statutory Garnishee Notices Read all
Major Change to Registering Security Interests – Personal Property Securities Reform Read all
8 Essential Steps if Your Business is in Distress View
ASIC Information Sheet: Insolvency glossary View
Business for Sale View
Directors Duties in Uncertain Financial Times View
Guidance for Accountants in Public Practice: Helping Clients with Companies in Financial Distress View
Real Estate for Sale - Mascot View
Real Estate for Sale - Vineyard View
Solar Energy Business View
Liability limited by a Scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation
P: 02 9689 2266
F: 02 9689 2888
mail@smithhancock.com.au
Level 4,
88 Phillip Street
Parramatta NSW 2150
Privacy Statement
Site Map
© 2011 Smith Hancock