http://www.optigolf.com.au/privacy.htm
Indoor Golf Simulators By OptiGolf - Indoor Golf Innovators
Call (07) 5657 0912
Home
About
Golf Simulator Business
Golf Simulator
Simulator Applications
Contact
OptiGolf Privacy Policy
OptiGolf is committed to providing you with the highest levels of customer service. This includes protecting your privacy. We are also bound by new sections of the Commonwealth Privacy Act 1988, which set out a number of principles concerning the protection of your personal information.
This statement, called "Protecting Your Privacy Online", sets out important information about privacy protections that we extend to your personal information. It relates to personal information that you provide to us through our website(s) (e.g. when you subscribe to our services online).
For more detail on OptiGolf's approach to privacy generally, please refer to OptiGolf's PRIVACY POLICY available on our website at our place of business and at any time upon request.
How we collect personal information
OptiGolf collects personal information in a number of ways, including:
Directly from you, such as when you enter your personal details on our websites (e.g. during registration or application for products and services), when you provide information by phone or in documents such as an application form.
From third parties such as your representatives
From publicly available sources of information.
From the organisations identified below under "When we disclose your personal information".
From our own records.
How we use your personal information
Your personal information may be used to:
Identify you and to assist you to subscribe to our website services more easily
Provide the services you require
Administer and manage those services, including charging, billing and debt recovery
To help us gain an understanding of your publicity needs in order for us to provide you with better, more personalised services that are tailored to your needs
Inform you of ways the services provided to you could be improved
Conduct appropriate checks for credit-worthiness and for fraud
Research and develop our services
Maintain and develop our business systems and infrastructure, including testing and upgrading of these systems
Your personal information is also collected to promote and market to you other services which we consider may be of interest to you. You may notify us at any time that you do not wish to receive marketing or promotional material by calling us by phone
or by using the Contact Us page to send your request via email.
OptiGolf Website
OptiGolf provides a range of web-based services. Most of these services are provided on our web site www.optigolf.com.au. We refer to these as "our web sites".
The marketing information provided on our websites will be determined by where you decide to visit on the site. Advertisements will also be presented to you, but the placement of these is not related specifically to any details we hold about you.
Personal information collected for our websites
The types of personal information we collect from you will depend on how you use our websites. Such information may include your name, date of birth, gender, current and previous addresses, telephone/mobile phone number, email address, bank account or credit card details, occupation, driver's license number and your OptiGolf username or password. We may also collect details of your OptiGolf services (including their status) and your personal interests.
If you choose not to provide personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the services you require, or the level of service on which we pride ourselves.
Other information
Our websites record other information as well. This information is used to improve the structure and performance of those sites to provide users with an improved service. Whenever a page is requested from our web server, we record the time, date and URL of the request, along with information on the browser software that is being used. OptiGolf uses "cookies". Cookies are pieces of information that a web site can transfer to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping. Cookies can make using our websites easier by storing information about your preferences on a particular website. This will enable you to take full advantage of the services we offer. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you'll find most major websites use them. Most Internet browsers are pre-set to accept cookies. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser to disable cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used.
OptiGolf uses ad-serving services for our websites. These may use cookies for anonymous profiling of users to tailor advertising to user preferences but they do not collect personally identifiable information from our web sites.
OptiGolf gathers usage information from our websites and other websites. This is aggregated for purposes of our services. Personally identifiable characteristics are removed and users remain anonymous, unless you have given prior express consent for OptiGolf to recognise your usage. This data is gathered by us to examine Internet trends and demographics and to assist in improving the structure and ease of use of our websites.
When we disclose your personal informationFor the purposes set out above (under "How we use your personal information") we may disclose your personal information to organisations outside OptiGolf. Where appropriate, these disclosures are subject to privacy and confidentiality protections. The organisations to which we usually disclose information include:
Outsourced service providers who manage the services we provide to you, including:
information technology services
installation, maintenance and repair services
marketing services
market research; ando events management
Your representatives (e.g. your authorised representatives or legal advisers)
Credit-reporting and fraud-checking agencies
Credit providers for credit related purposes such as creditworthiness, credit rating, credit provision and financing
Our professional advisers, including our accountants, auditors and lawyers
Government and regulatory authorities and other organisations, as required or authorised by law
Organisations involved in:
- Assessment, valuation and/or (if any) transfer/sale of all or part of our assets or business (including accounts and trade receivables); and
- Managing our corporate risk and funding (e.g. banks or other financial institutions)
Our related companies or businesses.
Help us to ensure we hold accurate information
OptiGolf takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information we collect, use and disclose is accurate, complete and up-to-date. However, the accuracy of the information we hold depends to a large extent on the information you provide. That's why we recommend you:
let us know if there are any errors in your personal information; and keep us up to date with changes to your personal information such as your name or address.
You can easily edit or delete the personal information you provide to us on our websites (unless it is mandatory information required for your membership application), but to do so, you will need to log in as a registered user, using your username and password.
If you wish to access or modify personal information which you have provided via our websites, but cannot access that information at our websites, please send an email using the Contact Us page on the OptiGolf website.
You can access your personal information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to some exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know by sending an email using the Contact Us page on the OptiGolf website. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons.
Security of your information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is stored securely. Transmissions sent to or from our websites are routinely monitored for quality control and systems administration. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from our online products or services. These activities are conducted at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security.
Credit card information is among the most important data we collect. OptiGolf operates secure servers to minimise the risk of unauthorised use of such information. Credit card information that is transmitted via our secure servers is encrypted in accordance with the highest standards over the EFTPOS network. For obvious reasons, please do not send credit card information through unsecured email.
What else you should know about privacy
Remember to close your browser when you have finished your user session. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else. You as an individual are responsible for the security of and access to your own computer.Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information over the Internet (for example: in discussion forums, via email, or in chat sites) that this information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information in publicly accessible online forums, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your username and passwords and any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are using the Internet and our websites.
How to contact us
Use the contact us page on the OptiGolf website to send your questions and comments via email.
About
About OptiGolf
Testimonials
Links
Contact Details
Product/General Enquiry
Business Enquiry
Indoor Golf Simulator
Product Overview
Current Version
High Speed Camera
Extra Features
Package Contents
Golf Simulator Hire
Business Applications
Business Applications Overview
Indoor Golf Centres
Sports Bars & Entertainment Venues
Value Adding Simulators
Mine Site Entertainment
Trade Shows & Expos
Business/Investors
Business/Investors Overview
Why Invest in OptiGolf?
Owner Operator
Partnership/Joint Venture
Concept Marketer
Business Support
© OptiGolf 2020. All rights reserved. OptiGolf is a registered trademark. ABN 63 128 380 183 | Privacy | Site Map