http://www.gradallindustries.com/privacy-policy.html
PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Site.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Site, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly and actively choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis ("Active Information") and Site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Site (“Passive Information”).
Passive Information
Similar to other websites, our Site may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") as well as web server logs to collect information about how our Site is used.
Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, and time spent at our Site.
This information is collected on an aggregate basis.
None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a website.
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser on the user’s hard drive.
Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages.
This makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and complete commercial transactions over the Internet.
Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
Use of Passive Information
We use website browser software tools such as cookies and web server logs to gather information about our Site users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our Site and better serve you.
This information assists us to design and arrange our web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Site and goods and services to better meet the needs of our users.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics.
The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Site as they move from one page to another.
Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Site and evaluate our Site's visitor capacity.
Active Information
When you choose to submit information to our site, we may collect your name, email address, physical address, and other information you provide like suggestions, comments, or ideas. The information that you supply will allow us to subsequently communicate with you through email or other ways regarding updates and other information.
The information you provide is not given in confidence and we are not required to keep such information secret or to respond.
Use of Active Information
We are free to use the information you send to us in any manner, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing, and marketing products based on such information.
Email that you send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information.
For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information to us through an unsecured email.
We use the information you provide us to provide information about a requested product or service, to send you warranty information, and to provide you other information about our products and services.
Where necessary, the Site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving special offers or receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the user.
To opt-out of receiving future communications from us, to inquire about personal information this Site has collected about you, or to correct errors in the factual information provided by you to this Site, you may email us at legal@alamo-group.com or send us a request in writing to the following address: 1627 East Walnut, Seguin, Texas
78156.
Disclosure of Information to Outside Parties
We may share the information you provide us with our affiliated companies and dealers, and use the information without restriction to process customer orders and improve or market our products and services.
We will not sell or rent your information to any third party.
We may provide aggregate Passive Information about website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights, or in special cases such as a physical threat to you or others.
What About Other Websites Linked to Our Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site, nor the information or content contained therein.
Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Site to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect.
Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our website, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
What About Children’s Privacy?
Children's privacy on the Internet is governed by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
COPPA provides rules that apply to the online collection of personal information from children under the age of 13.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13.
Granting Your Consent
By using our Site you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at our discretion.
Please check back on this site as this Privacy Policy may be revised from time to time without notice to you.
Gradall Industries, Inc. • 406 Mill Avenue SW • New Philadelphia, OH 44663 USA • (330) 339-2212
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | California Supply Chains Act