http://www.ausa.com/en-us/legal-notice
Private Area
1. Ownership of the domain WWW.AUSA.COM
Pursuant to Act 34/2002, of 11 July, on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (LSSICE), users are hereby informed that this domain belongs to:
Holder: AUSA CENTER, S.L.U
Address: C/Castelladral, 1 08243 Manresa (Barcelona)
Email address: rgpd@ausa.com
Contact: Tel.: +34 938 74 73 11 Fax: +34 938 741 211,
CIF (Company Tax ID): ESB64041387
Registered at the Barcelona Trade Registry, Volume 45368, Sheet 106 and Page 318215. Entry.38
The term Website refers to all the domains that AUSA CENTER has on the Internet
www.ausa.com
https://www.facebook.com/AUSAcenter
https://twitter.com/AUSAcenter
https://www.youtube.com/user/ausacenter
https://www.linkedin.com/company/ausa
https://plus.google.com/+AusaCenter/posts
https://www.flickr.com/photos/ausacenter/albums
Persons who access and use the Website are deemed to be users (hereinafter, the “User”), and it is implied that the User accepts all the conditions in this Legal Notice and its amendments, given that AUSA CENTER, S.L.U (hereinafter, “AUSA CENTER”) reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to amend and update the information contained on the Website, its configuration, the manner in which it is displayed and its access conditions.
Therefore, the User must always read this Legal Notice each time he or she accesses the Website since the latter and the conditions of use in this Legal Notice may be subject to amendment. In any case, simply using the Website and browsing therein shall imply that the User unreservedly accepts each of the present general terms and conditions of use and access.
2. Intellectual and industrial property
All the Contents on the Website, including but not limited to its text, photographs, graphics, videos, images, icons, technology, software, links and any other audiovisual or audio content, as well as its graphic design and source code belong to AUSA CENTER, which holds, where applicable, the right of use and exploitation. To this effect, these works fall under the protection of the intellectual and industrial property laws, and national and international laws applicable at all times. Consequentially, none of the corresponding exploitation rights acknowledged by the applicable intellectual property laws shall be considered to have been transferred to the User.
Therefore, pursuant to the intellectual property laws and the provisions applicable at all times, it is strictly prohibited to totally or partially exploit any of the content appearing on the Website, or to copy, reproduce, adapt, modify or transform or, where applicable, distribute and publish the content of the Website, including disclosing all or part of said content for marketing purposes in any format or by any technical medium without the express written authorisation of AUSA CENTER.
The brands, trade names and distinguishing features belong to AUSA CENTER, and access to the Website shall not be deemed to attribute any right over said brands, trade names and/or distinguishing features.
Therefore, by simply accessing the Website, the User undertakes to respect the intellectual and industrial property rights of AUSA CENTER.
3. Hyperlinks and/or Links
The content on the Website may include links to other websites managed by third parties in order to provide the User access to information that can be exchanged over the Internet.
AUSA CENTER shall not be held liable for any links between third parties and other websites that do not belong to AUSA CENTER. The links that may be provided through the Website are for informational purposes, but such links shall not, under any circumstances, place AUSA CENTER in the position of guarantor and/or party offering the services and/or information that may be offered to third parties through said links. Therefore, AUSA CENTER shall neither be held liable for any damages caused as a result of illegal, poor quality, outdated, unavailable, erroneous and ineffective content and/or services of the Linked Websites nor for any other damages.
Accordingly, AUSA CENTER is relieved of any liability for the services and/or information provided on other websites linked with this Website. The User is hereby informed that in the event that he or she deems there to be a Linked Website with illegal or inappropriate content, he or she may notify AUSA CENTER by email.
Finally, it is prohibited to enter hyperlinks for advertising or marketing purposes or those associated with websites that do not belong to AUSA CENTER but enable access to the AUSA CENTER Website without express consent and/or authorisation. In the case of authorisation by AUSA CENTER, the terms and conditions to display links from such websites to the AUSA CENTER Website shall be established.
4. Website terms and conditions of use
4.1 General
The User acknowledges and accepts that the Website is accessed and used in a free and voluntary manner, and under his or her own responsibility.
Accordingly, the User undertakes to use the Website correctly and legally, pursuant to the provisions in the legislation, this Legal Notice and public order and good faith. The user shall refrain from using the Website in any other way that may prevent, damage or undermine the normal operation, goods, rights and interests of AUSA CENTER, its suppliers, other users or, in general, any third party, or by any other means that overburdens, damages or disables the networks, servers and other hardware or products and software of AUSA CENTER or third parties. The User shall be liable to AUSA CENTER or to third parties for any damages caused as a result of a breach of these obligations.
When the User browses the Website, the following actions, which may be subject to amendment, are prohibited, including but not limited to:
The use of computer viruses or any file or program designed to interrupt, damage, or limit the operation of the Website, any of the services or networks of AUSA CENTER, any software, hardware or telecommunications equipment, or damage or gain unauthorised access to the data or other information belonging to AUSA CENTER or any third party.
Identity fraud, interference or interruption to the service, servers or networks connected to the services or breach of any of the requirements or regulations of the networks connected to the services.
Using false identities or stealing the identity of others to use the Website or any other of its services, as well as using passwords or access credentials of third parties or any other means of fraud.
Forge or alter any information of AUSA CENTER.
Enter, store or disseminate on or through the Website any information that is against the law, regulations, habits or public order, and any material that may be libellous, obscene, threatening, xenophobic, inciting of violence, discriminatory based on race, sex, ideology or religion, or which undermines the ethics, public order, fundamental rights, civil liberties, honour, intimacy, and image of third parties and, in general, the applicable regulations.
Conducting advertising or marketing activities through the Website and using the content and information to send advertising or messages for any other commercial purposes, and collecting or storing the personal data of third parties.
Collaborating with a third party to carry out any of the aforementioned acts.
4.2 As regards content and intellectual and industrial property, apart from those mentioned in the corresponding section, the User accepts:
Not to reproduce by any means, even by hyperlink, the AUSA CENTER Website or any of its content, unless AUSA CENTER gives express written authorization.
Not to erase, withdraw or manipulate the AUSA CENTER data and any other identifying data of its holders in the Content, as well as the technical protection devices or any other information mechanisms that the Content may contain.
Not to alter, reprogram, modify, adapt or translate the source code of this Website.
Any partial or total reproduction of the source code of the Website on any medium is deemed an unauthorized copy.
It is also prohibited to reproduce or copy for private use any content that may be considered software or a database pursuant to the applicable intellectual property laws, or to publish it or disclose it to third parties, when such acts involve the reproduction of the content by the User or a third party.
Not to enter, store or disseminate through the Website any content that breaches the intellectual or industrial property rights or trade secrets of third parties and, in general, any content to which he or she does not hold the right, pursuant to the provisions in the legislation, to disclose to third parties.
Not to collaborate with a third party to carry out any of the aforementioned acts.
5. Liability disclaimer
AUSA CENTER shall not be held liable for circumstances including but not limited to those set out below, or for any damages caused as a result thereof.
AUSA CENTER shall under no circumstances be liable for the delay, erasure, erroneous delivery or fault when saving communications from Users or personal settings.
AUSA CENTER shall not be held liable for any decisions made based on the information provided on the Website, or for any damages caused to the User or to third parties deriving from actions taken based solely on information obtained from the Website.
AUSA CENTER reserves the right to refuse to provide the service to any person for any reasons and/or fully or partially interrupt the service at any time, with or without forewarning.
Use of the Website is subject to all applicable regulations and the User shall be solely responsible for the content of his or her communications through the Website.
Access to the Website shall not entail any obligation for AUSA CENTER to ensure the absence of viruses, worms or any other harmful computer element. In any case, the User is responsible for ensuring the availability of adequate tools for detecting and disinfecting harmful computer programs.
AUSA CENTER shall not be held liable for any damages caused to the computers of the Users or third parties during the provision of the Website service.
AUSA CENTER does not concede any guarantee and shall not be held liable, in any case, for damages of any nature deriving from the access to or use of the content or the Website.
Similarly, AUSA CENTER shall not be held liable for:
Any security errors caused as a result of using computers infected by viruses;
Use by third parties of elements owned by AUSA CENTER that misrepresent it as an entity;
Infringements of industrial and intellectual property rights by third parties;
Breaches by third parties that affect the users of the AUSA CENTER Website;
Malfunction of the Website or of any of its services for reasons beyond the control of AUSA CENTER;
Any consequences deriving from the malfunction of the web browser or due to the use of out-of-date web browser versions;
The existence of computer viruses, malware or programs with harmful content;
Any use of the Website or its content by Users that is illegal, negligent, fraudulent or contrary to the terms and conditions herein or good faith and public order;
Damages of any kind experienced by the User due to disconnections or problems with the telecommunications networks or computer faults or those of other electronic systems that result in the suspension, cancellation or interruption of the Website service, while this service is being provided or beforehand.
As regards the content and services linked through the Website, please see the provisions of section 3 herein, referring to Hyperlinks and/or Links.
6. Enquiries, claims and communication of illegal and inappropriate activities
If the User has any suggestions, enquiries, claims or complaints, he or she can notify AUSA CENTER through the current and future communication channels:
Holder: AUSA CENTER, S.L.U
Address: C/Castelladral, 1 08243 Manresa (Barcelona)
Email address: rgpd@ausa.com
Contact: Tel.: +34 938 74 73 11 Fax: +34 938 741 211
The aforementioned communication channels are also available for any User who becomes aware of Linked Websites to pages with illegal, harmful, degrading or violent content or services, or those that are contrary to morality, to contact and notify AUSA CENTER.
Similarly, the receipt by AUSA CENTER of any communication shall not imply, pursuant to the provisions of Act 34/2002, the effective knowledge of activities and/or content indicated by the User as the communicator.
7. Relevant jurisdiction and legislation
Each any every part of this Legal Notice is governed by the applicable national law in force at all times for resolving any dispute in relation to this Legal Notice or the relationships between them.
In the event that any conflict or disagreement arises in the interpretation or application of these legal terms and conditions, the courts which, where applicable, will hear the matter, shall be those indicated as the relevant jurisdiction in the applicable legal regulations. However, in the event that the registered address of the User is outside of Spain, both parties, expressly waiving any other jurisdiction to which they may be entitled, undertake to appear before the courts of Manresa.
×
Request your personalised quote
Tell us what model you want and describe everything you need so that we can offer the right option for you.
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Brazil
Bulgaria
Cameroon
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo - Kinshasa
Costa Rica
Côte d’Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Estonia
Ethiopia
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Georgia
Germany
Greece
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Libya
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Madagascar
Malaysia
Malta
Martinique
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Morocco
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Lucia
Suriname
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Venezuela
Vietnam
Send
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
×
Thanks for getting in touch with us!
We will contact you as soon as possible.
×
Oops! It looks like there was an error.
Please check all of the fields.
Our website uses cookies to improve your preferences and optimise your browsing experience. By closing this message or continuing to browse the website, you accept its use of cookies. More information