http://www.minigrip.com/privacy.html
800.533.1931  •  inforequest@minigrip.com
Home
About Us
Brands
Reclosable Zipper Bags
Premium Red Line™
NEW Biodegradable Green Line™
Lab Guard®
Zippit®
Minigrip® Specialty
Minigrip® CUSTOM
Minigrip® SliderGrip™
Minigrip® Resealable Food Service
Sustainability
Minigrip Sustainability
SPI Resin Identification Codes
Reduce, Reuse, Recycle
Biodegradability
Latest News
Contact Us
Medical specimen bagspatient care bagsspecialty medical/ pharma bagsstandard reclosable (zipper) bagscommercial food service bagsCustom
Bags
Printable Page      Email This Page
Privacy PolicyMinigrip respects your privacy and the purpose for which our site visitors provide us information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via the "mail to:" function or filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you may provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information you provide will not be sold to any third party.Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only the policy of Minigrip's website and not sites that users access via links from our site. Minigrip is not responsible for the information collection policies of other sites, nor for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, nor for the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.Cookies
Minigrip website does not use cookies. Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Minigrip may disclose information when legally compelled to do so; in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Minigrip reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.This policy statement is made in the name of Minigrip and is effective as of May 11, 2010. This statement does not create an agreement between Minigrip and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party. Contact Us:
Minigrip
8125 Cobb Center Drive
Kennesaw, GA 30152
Toll Free: 800.533.1931
Phone: 770.422.4187
Fax: 770.422.3879
Email: inforequest@minigrip.com
Web Address: www.minigrip.com
www.minigrip.comEmail: inforequest@minigrip.com
Privacy Policy  •  Site MapMinigrip
3060 Kimball Bridge Road, Alpharetta, GA 30022Toll Free: 800.533.1931   Phone: 770.422.4187   Fax: 770.422.3879
Site created by Thomas Web Solutions and powered by Navigator Platform