http://www.alphagary.com/footer/terms-conditions/2927/
News Update: Mexichem Specialty Compounds is now Alphagary.
Stay tuned for more updates.
HomeTerms & Conditions
https://www.alphagary.com/blog/terms-conditions/2927/
Terms & Conditions
Share:
Legal StatementUser Terms and Conditions IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. Your use of this site and the information available on this site are subject to the following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). Welcome to the Mexichem Specialty Compounds website (the “Site”). Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully since any use you make of this Site and/or application constitutes your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Throughout this Site, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, “Mexichem Specialty Compounds” and the “Mexichem Group” refer to Mexichem, S.A.B. de C.V. and such of its affiliated companies as may be appropriate to the context. “User", "you” and "your" refer to any person accessing or using this website and/or application. Other applicable terms
These Terms and Conditions refer to the following additional terms, which also apply to your use of our Site:
Our Privacy Policy, which sets out the terms on which we process any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our Site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Use of this Site is subject to the following terms of use: Ownership. This site (www.mexichemspecialtycompounds.com) is owned and operated by Mexichem Specialty Compounds.
Changes to our Site. We may update our Site from time to time and may change content at any time. However, please note that any of the content on our Site may be out of date at any given time and we are under no obligation to update it.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Site.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our Site through your Internet connection are aware of these Terms and Conditions and any other applicable terms and conditions and that they comply with them. Intellectual property rights. All copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in any and all text, images, layout, software and other materials on this Site and/or application are the property of Mexichem Specialty Compounds or are included with the permission of the relevant owner. Such works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. The unauthorized use of any materials on the Site may violate copyright, trademark or other laws.
Written permission from Mexichem Specialty Compounds is required for any other use of intellectual property contained on this Site and all information provided on or via this Site. Any misuse of its contents is strictly prohibited.Use of the Site. You are permitted to browse this Site and/or application and to reproduce extracts by way of printing or downloading to a hard disk, including for the purpose of distribution to other individuals, provided that you include in such reproduction all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original materials or any copies of the materials.
The use of the Mexichem Specialty Compounds Site is subject to the following conditions:
No reproduction of any part of this Site and/or application may be sold or distributed for commercial gain or political purposes;
No reproduction of any part of this Site and/or application may be modified or incorporated into any other work, publication or website;
The copyright notice, “from the website of Mexichem Specialty Compounds”, must appear on every reproduction or part thereof, along with the date of copying;
Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting any license or right with respect to any trademark, copyright, patent or any other intellectual property right of Mexichem Specialty Compounds;
Your use of any information or materials on this Site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this Site meet your specific requirements.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our Site in breach of these Terms and Conditions, your right to use the Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option and at your expense, return or destroy any copies of any materials you have made.
Prohibited Activities.In using this Site, it is strictly prohibited to commit any inappropriate or illegal act, including without limitation:
Using this Site to defame or slander Mexichem Specialty Compounds, Mexichem, its affiliates or any third party, or acting in any way that harms AlphaGary in any way;
Using the Site or its contents in a false, misleading, derogatory or offensive manner, or engaging in or encouraging conduct that would violate any applicable law or regulation or give rise to civil liability.
Committing any act that might constitute a breach of privacy (including uploading private information without the consent of its owner) or a violation of any other legal rights of any individual;
Uploading files containing viruses that could cause damage to the property of any member of the Mexichem Specialty Compounds or Mexichem Group or the property of others;
Attempting to gain unauthorised access to the Site, the server on which the Site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to the Site;
Attacking or attempt to attack the Site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack.
We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with these authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our Site will cease immediately.
Mexichem Specialty Compounds reserves the right to restrict or terminate access to this Site at any time.Links to other websites. This Site may provide links or references to websites of third parties. Mexichem Specialty Compounds disclaims any responsibility for the content of such other sites. Please be aware that our Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection and processing of your data on any of such other sites. AlphaGary shall not be liable for any damage or injury of any kind arising from your accessing of, or inability to access or use, any of such other sites or the information provided thereon, or from your use of or reliance upon any information provided on such other sites. Any links to other sites are provided merely as a convenience to the users of this Site.Use of “Cookies”. User hereby authorizes Mexichem Specialty Compounds to use “cookies” or any other kind of alphanumeric identifiers in order to better display and provide the features contained in the Site. If you do not want to accept such elements, then it shall be solely your responsibility to disable the function that allows the Site to download such elements into your computer. Unsolicited Material. Mexichem Specialty Compounds does not accept or give consideration to unsolicited ideas for new technologies or processes through the Site. This policy is to avoid any potential misunderstanding or dispute regarding the ownership of ideas. Please do not transmit any material through the Site that you consider confidential or proprietary. Any material transmitted through the Site will be considered not to be confidential or proprietary.Warranties and Disclaimers.Warranties.The materials provided on this Site are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Consequently, Mexichem Specialty Compounds disclaims all warranties of every kind, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of intellectual property. Further, we make no representation or warranty that access to this Site or any content on it and/or application will be uninterrupted or error-free; that defects, if any, will be corrected; that the Site, or the server that makes it available, are free from viruses or other harmful components; that this Site and/or application will be secure; or that any advice or opinion obtained from the AlphaGary, Mexichem Group through this Site and/or application is accurate or to be relied upon; therefore any and all representations or warranties to any such effect are expressly disclaimed, and you rely on any such information strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this Site, including without limitation, lost profits, losses or damages arising from any loss of data, or any other indirect, special or consequential losses or damages.
We reserve the right to restrict, suspend or terminate without notice your access to this Site and/or application or to any feature or part thereof at any time. Limitation of LiabilityTo the extent permitted by law, neither Mexichem Specialty Compounds nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering this Site and/or application on our behalf shall have any liability or responsibility whatsoever for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, special or punitive damages, costs or losses whatsoever and howsoever arising out of your access to, use of, or inability to use this Site and/or application or from any change in this Site, or arising from any other website that you may access through a link from this Site and/or application or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, from any action that we may take or fail to take as a result of any electronic mail message you might send us.
Mexichem Specialty Compounds assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on the Site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsements by Mexichem Specialty Compounds of those linked websites. Mexichem Specialty Compounds will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.Other. Mexichem Specialty Compounds, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to: (1) change this Legal Statement; (2) monitor and remove postings; and (3) discontinue Site availability at any time without notice. If any term, condition, or provision of this Legal Statement is determined to be unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms, conditions and provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. This Legal Statement constitutes the entire agreement between you and AlphaGary relating to the subject matter herein.Jurisdiction. You and Mexichem Specialty Compounds agree that any controversy or claim arising out of the use of this Site shall be governed by and construed under the laws and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Federal Goverment.By using this site, you are acknowledging your consent to the foregoing Terms and Conditions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Subscribe to our Blog
Receive the latest news about plastic compounds innovation.
Select your market
Automotive
Industrial & Building
Consumer Goods
Food Contact
Medical
Wire & Cable
Subscribe
Work With Us
Contact Us
Related Posts
MSA
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement
Read more
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Read more
Tax Strategy
OUR APPROACH TO TAX
Read more