https://www.hacel.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Schedule
Menu
(0191) 280 9911
info@hacel.co.uk
Schedule
Products
Projects
Smart Lighting
Lighting Design
About
Downloads
News
Contact
Search
Privacy Policy
Home › Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Hacel Lighting Ltd uses and protects any information obtained from you whilst using this website.
Hacel Lighting Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should you be identifiable from any information given when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Please note that we will not send out marketing information to anyone we deem to be a private individual unless explicitly requested. As our main trade is business-to-business (B2B) we use the attached list of email domains to determine addresses that we consider may be private in nature so that we do not send unsolicited communication.
Hacel Lighting Ltd may change this policy, all updates will be posted on this page and you should check this from time to time.
What kind of personal data do we collect?
We may collect the following information but not limited to:
Name
Company name
Job title
Contact information: email address, phone number, business address, home address
Where Hacel Lighting Ltd are required by you to process payments for goods and services by way of debit or credit card we will process these details, but only for this purpose.
How do we use your personal data?
We require this information to understand your needs and allow us to provide you with a better service.
In particular, for the following reasons:
To raise a quote, process an order or service and through to delivery
Internal record keeping
To improve our products and services
If you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you
If you send us an application form or CV, we may store this for 6 months. We don’t share this info with third parties
Who collects the information we need?
We do collect customer and supplier data directly. From time to time, we work with third parties.
How do we safeguard your personal data?
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Your data is stored safely and securely. In the event of a data breach where we lose your personal data the Information Commissioner will fine us.
How long do we keep your personal data?
If we have not had meaningful contact with you for a period of 5 years we will remove your personal data from our system unless a legal or contractual regulation requires us to retain it.
How you can access, amend or take back your personal data?
If we are holding or using your personal information, you may change your mind at any time by writing to Hacel Lighting Ltd. Kittiwake Close, The Silverlink, Wallsend. Tyne & Wear NE28 9ND.
If we are using your data because we deem it necessary for our legitimate interests to do so, and you do not agree, you have the right to object. Please use the contact information listed above to request this. We will process the removal of your personal information within 14 working days.
You have the right to erase your personal data. Please use the contact information listed above to request this. We will process the removal of your personal information within 14 working days.
If we rely on your consent, what will we do?
If we rely on your consent it will be displayed clearly and prominently. You will be asked to agree with our Privacy Policy and will be provided with sufficient information to make a choice.
How do we use cookies?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer hard drive. Once you agree, the cookie file is added and  helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to our customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or information we hold about you:
Email: info@hacel.co.uk
Write: Hacel Lighting Ltd, Kittiwake Close, The Silverlink, Wallsend. NE28 9ND
Phone: +44 (0) 191 218 9911
Potential Private email domains:
@gmail, @hotmail, @outlook, @bt, @btinternet, @talk21, @talktalk, @yahoo, @orange, @o2, @virgin, @plusnet, @aol, @mail.com, @yandex, @microsoft
Please note that this list is subject to constant review and that domains are often added and removed.
How we protect and use your information
Who we are
Hacel operates primarily in a business to business (B2B) environment. As a result, most of the trade information we use is not classified as personal. We make every effort to ensure that we use business information rather than personal information in our day to day trade operations. However, where personal information is required, either through specific consent, or for legal reasons we do all we can to respect your right of privacy and the protection of your personal data. This notice sets out what we do with your information in order to run our business and provide our customers with products.
We encourage you to read our privacy notice on our website www.hacel.co.uk for more detailed information on how we use your information and your rights in relation to that. Our privacy notice may be updated from time to time and we will communicate any changes to you and publish the updated notice on our website.
The information we use and where we get it from
We collect and process various categories of business and personal information, including basic information such as name and contact details.
Most of your information will have been provided by you (our customer) or created through the use of our products and services. We also collect information from the technology you use when dealing with us and from third party organisations such as marketing companies and public sources.
For more information about the types and sources of information we process please see our privacy notice.
Your rights
You have certain legal rights to control what we do with your information. This includes a right to get access to your personal information; to request us to correct or update incorrect information; to object or request that we restrict processing your information in certain circumstances; to object to direct marketing; and to receive the personal information you provided in a portable format.
For more information about your rights, including how to exercise them and the circumstances in which they apply, please refer to our privacy notice or contact us at 0191.280.9911. It is important to understand that in some cases, exercising your rights may mean that we are no longer able to provide you with products or services.
If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal information, you can contact us at 0191.280.9911.
We hope that we can address any concerns you may have, but you can always contact the information commissioner’s office (ICO). For more information visit www.ico.org.uk.
How we use your information
At Hacel we use your information primarily to provide you with products and services, to better understand our customers’ needs and improve the products and services we offer, and for the day-to-day running of our business. We also use it to comply with laws and regulations that apply to us and to protect our business, our customers and employees.
Sharing your information outside Hacel
We keep your information confidential and will only share your information outside Hacel for legitimate business purposes which include, but are not limited to: service providers, credit reference agencies, law enforcement, tax authorities, insurers, and regulators.
Transferring information overseas
Most of the information we hold on you will be used and stored in the UK. Although our ERP and payroll software support is UK based, there may be occasions where second tier support may require these companies to send data overseas. We will only transfer your information where lawfully permitted and in compliance with applicable laws.
Marketing
Unless you have told us not to, we will periodically send you marketing information relating to products and services that we think will be of interest and relevant to you. As Hacel operates primarily in a business to business environment this information will only be sent to contacts that we understand to be of a business nature. We regularly review our marketing records in order to ensure that they are business only, and will remove personal contact details, or those we are unsure of to protect your privacy. Personal contact information will only be used if we have a specific and current consent for it’s use. Hacel does not share any marketing information with third parties.
How long we keep your information
We don’t keep your information for longer than we need to, which is usually up to six years after your relationship with Hacel ends, unless we are required to keep it longer for commercial regulations.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure with us and with any third parties that act on our behalf. We use many tools to make sure that your information remains confidential and accurate and we may monitor or record calls, emails and text messages or other communications in order to protect both you and us.
News and Updates
Latest Hacel news, live social feeds and relevant lighting updates.
Shortlisted at Lux Awards 2020
We are shortlisted for Supplier of the Year! We are absolutely thrilled to be on the shortlist at Lux Awards 2020. This year, Hacel celebrate 40 years in business…
Hacel supports Prostate Cancer UK
Here at Hacel, Prostate Cancer, like all cancers is very close to our hearts. This year, in conjunction with Harleys Davidsons ‘Geordie Chapter’, we supported Prostate Cancer UK by…
COVID-19
With the current situation surrounding COVID-19 changing daily, we are all taking immediate steps to protect our staff, customers and suppliers but, like you, we are acutely conscious of…
Hacel at Lux Live 2019
Hacel Lighting enjoyed another successful year exhibiting at LuxLive and Lightspace. Showcasing our extensive range of products including architectural systems, pendants, wall lights, downlighters and power spots, Hacel’s double-stand…
Contact us
Call: (0191) 280 9911
Email: info@hacel.co.uk
Twitter
LinkedIn
Instagram
Youtube
Pinterest
Find us
The Silverlink, Wallsend, Newcastle Upon Tyne, Tyne & Wear, NE28 9ND, UK
Terms & Conditions
Hacel Product Warranty
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Conditions of Sale
Environmental Policy
Cookies
The contents of this website are copyright © Hacel Lighting Ltd