https://www.ndcmats.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The Process in Collecting Information:
Information is kept from our online request forms in order to provide you with assistance for your requests, as well as improving our online site. Data that is collected may include your name, e-mail and phone number. If you provide an email address, we may update you on news and updates related to the services you are requesting. You may opt out from any of these features at any time by selecting the opt-out option on the bottom of the email.
We use certain security techniques placed on our website to protect your information.
Outside Parties:
We do not sell, transfer, or trade your information to unauthorized outside parties that have not been approved in providing assistance to our company in operating and conducting business. To protect your rights and safety, we may also disclose information to local law enforcement. Non-identifiable information may be released for advertisement purposes.
Cookies:
We participate in remarketing which is part of an applicable advertisement process. Through this process, third-party advertising vendors, including Google, may show our ads across the internet through the use of your computer’s cookies. You may choose to opt out from these options by visiting Google’s Ad Settings or by clicking here.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance:
We are compliant with the California Online Privacy Protection Act and do not distribute personal information to other parties without your authorization.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance:
We do not allow the assembly of information from anyone under 13 years old on our website.
Terms and Conditions:
This online privacy policy only refers to information which is collected through our website.
Our Terms and Conditions page refers to this website’s use, disclaimers, and liability.
By using this website, you agree to our online privacy policy.
Changes:
If there are any changes to our online privacy policy, we will post these to our page along with updating the Privacy Policy adjustment date.
Contacting Us:
Address:
200 Blackford Ave
Middlesex, NJ 08846
Email: bryan@ndcmats.com
Phone: (800) 238-2387
Fax: (732) 748-8888
Get StartedToday!
Contact Us
Drop Us A Line!
Someone from our office will contact you immediately.
First & Last Name*Email Address*
Phone*MessageEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Home
Facility Services
Facility Products
About National Dust Control
The NDC Process
Contact Us
Careers
Copyright ©
NDC
•
bryan@ndcmats.com
•
(800) 238-2387
•
Privacy Policy•
200 Blackford Ave, Middlesex, NJ 08846
Scroll to top