http://www.stevevick.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
About Us
Distributors Map
Careers
Meet the team
Products & Services
Gas
Gas Home
Flowstopping
Gas Mains Renewal
Pipe Handling Equipment
Pipe Cutting and Cracking
Gas Service Renewal
Gas Case Studies
Water
Water Home
Pipe Cutting and Cracking
Pipe Handling Equipment
Sealing off Disused Drains
Water Case Studies
Nuclear
Nuclear Home
Sealing Pipes and Ducts
Pipe Cutting and Cracking
Filling Voids
Pipe Decommissioning
Nuclear Case Studies
Contract Services
Contract Services Home
Pipe Cutting
Connections, Alterations and Repairs
Stub End Solutions
Flowstopping and Filling Voids
Contract Services Case Studies
SMARTester™
Other Services
News
Videos
Downloads
Contact
TERMS OF USE – STEVE VICK WEBSITE
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms of use on which you may make use of our website www.stevevick.com (“our site”), whether as a guest or a registered user. Please read these terms of use carefully before you start to use the site. By using our site, you indicate that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please refrain from using our site.
INFORMATION ABOUT US
1.1 Steve Vick International Limited is a limited company registered in England and Wales under company number 1564477 having its registered office at Steve Vick International Ltd, Treenwood Industial Estate, Bradford on Avon, BA15 2AU where a list of directors is available for inspection. Our main trading address is also Steve Vick International Ltd, Treenwood Industrial Estate, Bradford on Avon, BA15 2AU.  Our VAT number is GB543 4915 39.
1.2 Information about Steve Vick International Ltd can be found at  https://stevevick.com.
ACCESSING OUR SITE
2.1 Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice (see below). We will not be liable if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
3.1 We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
3.2 You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on our site.
3.3 You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
3.4 Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged.
3.5 You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
3.6 If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
4.1 Commentary and other materials posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
OUR SITE CHANGES REGULARLY
5.1 We aim to update our site regularly and may change the content at any time. If the need arises, we may suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
OUR LIABILITY
6.1 The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
6.1.1 All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
6.1.2 Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including: (a) loss of income or revenue; (b) loss of business; (c) loss of profits or contracts; (d) loss of anticipated savings; (e) loss of data; (f) loss of goodwill; (g) wasted management or office time; and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
6.2 This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VISITS TO OUR SITE
7.1 We collect, use and process information about you in accordance with our Privacy Statement. By using our site, you consent to such collection, use and processing in accordance with our Privacy Statement and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate. If you need to contact us about our use of your personal data please contact us at:  info@stevevick.com
VIRUSES, HACKING AND OTHER OFFENCES
8.1 You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
8.2 By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
8.3 We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
LINKING TO OUR SITE
9.1 You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
9.2 You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
9.3 Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site without our prior written permission.
9.4 If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to info@stevevick.com.
LINKS FROM OUR SITE
10.1 Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
JURISDICTION AND APPLICABLE LAW
11.1 The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
11.2 These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
TRADE MARKS
12.1  Steve Vick International Ltd is the owner of the following UK trademarks;  FOAMBAG™, FOAMSTOP™, FULLSEAL™, CRACKRJACK™ and the Steve Vick International Ltd logo.
VARIATIONS
13.1 We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we made, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
YOUR CONCERNS
14.1 If you have any concerns about material which appears on our site, please contact info@stevevick.com
14.2 Thank you for visiting our site
For queries about the website please contact Varn.
Download Brochure
Download Our Brochure
For further information on our full range of products and services please download our corporate brochure...
Download NOW
Ask a question...
Please tick if you are UK based.
For those outside of the UK we may pass your enquiry onto one of our distributors.
Thank you for getting in touch
We'll reply to your question soon