http://www.sportscover.com/privacy-policy/
The Privacy Policy of Sportscover
Sportscover is bound by the relevant privacy legislation in the country in which we offer our products. Our aim is to provide the highest service to our Policy holders, and to that end, we have developed the following procedures for the fair, open and transparent handling, collection and assessment of personal information.
Our Privacy Policy applies to all information collected about individuals, regardless of how or from where the information is collected. It may be collected in relation to a personal or a business policy, but does not protect information obtained regarding the business or its related entities that is publicly available.
Why we collect personal information
Personal information is collected by us in order to appropriately address your insurance needs. Only information that is reasonably necessary for the completion of Sportscover’s business or related activities will be collected. This includes information necessary to accept the risk, to assess a claim, to determine competitive and appropriate premiums, etc.
We may also sometimes collect personal information for the development of better products and services, and for conducting marketing and customer service research. We may sometimes share this information with our related companies, some of which are located in the UK, Europe and the United States of America in order to serve you better, We however will not do so without your prior consent. All sensitive information will not be included in this type of business activity.
Firstly, we usually collect identifying information such as name, address, contact telephone numbers and email addresses. If you are applying for a product we may offer, we may also need to collect specific information that will enable us to supply that product to you. We will collect and store this information in a secure manner that allows us to assist you in the future.
Some products or services may require us to collect ‘sensitive information’, which may include (but is not limited to) your membership of associations, health data, criminal records. We will only collect this type of information with your consent and in accordance with the Privacy Act.
If you do not agree to provide us with the information we request, we may not be able to offer you the product or service you seek.
How we collect personal information
Where possible we will collect information about you, from you directly or your chosen broker. If we obtain this information from other sources, we will take reasonable steps to advise you of this disclosure. All personal information will be collected only by lawful and fair means.
When you give Sportscover personal information about other individuals, we rely on you to have made or make them aware that you will or may provide their personal information to us, the types of third parties we may provide it to, the relevant purposes we and the third parties we disclose it to will use it for, and how they can access it. If it is sensitive information we rely on you to have obtained their consent on these matters. If you have not done or will not do either of these things you must tell us before you provide the relevant information as we may not be able to use or consider it.
How we use personal information collected
Any personal information provided by You may be held by the Insurer in relation to Your insurance cover. It may be used by Sportscover staff in making a decision concerning Your insurance and for the purpose of servicing Your cover and administering claims. Information may be passed to repairers, motor engineers, loss adjusters, solicitors, reinsurers or other service providers for these purposes. We may obtain information about You from credit reference agencies, fraud prevention agencies and others to check Your credit status and identity. The agencies will record Our enquiries, which may be seen by other companies who make their own credit enquiries. We will check Your details with fraud prevention agencies. If You provide false or inaccurate information and We suspect fraud, We will record this.
We and other organisations may use these records to:
– help make decisions on insurance proposals and insurance claims, for You and members of Your household
– trace debtors, recover debt, prevent fraud, and manage Your insurance policies
– check Your identity to prevent money laundering, unless You furnish us with satisfactory proof of identity.
By accepting our policies, you expressly consent to Us using Your data in this way.
Under Data Protection legislation, You can ask us in writing for a copy of certain personal records held about You. A charge may be made for this service.
We may contact You by letter email or phone during the course of the claim and at the conclusion of the claim to complete any customer satisfaction surveys. We will not make Your details available to any other company to use for their own marketing purposes.
Disclosing Personal Information
All personal information we collect will only be disclosed to third parties where the disclosure is reasonably necessary to carry out Sportscover’s business functions or activities and with your consent, unless you have authorised otherwise (or if required by law).
Except where you have consented to it, we will limit the use and disclosure of any personal information provided to us by third parties about you, to the specific purpose for which the information was supplied.
Some examples of entities we may disclose personal information about you to include (but are not limited to) Sportscover’s brokers, reinsurers, Sportscover’s underwriters, underwriting agents, Sportscover’s Regulatory Division, loss adjusters, assessors, investigators, lawyers, insurance reference bureaus, etc.
Security of your Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from interference, misuse, loss, unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Information that is no longer needed or required to be held by law, will be securely destroyed or de-identified and archived.
Cross Border Disclosure of Personal Information
We may need to transfer your personal information overseas in order to properly carry out our business function or activity for the purpose of which you provided this information, but we will do so in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988.
Accuracy of and Access to your Personal Information
We will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information you provide to us is accurate, complete and up to date, whenever it is used, collected or disclosed.
You are entitled to access your information if you wish and request correction if required. Requests for change of information can be made in writing to your claims handler if it is personal information on a claim or through your broker for all underwriting related changes. All other access and correction requests can be made through our Privacy Officer – privacy@sportscover.com We will make these corrections within 30 days of your request.
Where you have provided consent to release your personal information to service providers, we will ensure that any personal information requiring correction is advised to them.
Where we refuse a correction request, we will advise you of our reasons in writing and provide you with instructions on our Complaints Procedures.
You may also opt out of receiving any marketing materials that may be sent by us by contacting us by email at privacy@sportscover.com
Complaints regarding the handling of your Personal Information
If you believe your privacy may have been prejudiced, you have the right to make a complaint about the matter. This may be done either verbally or in writing to Sportscover. We will investigate the matters raised by you and respond in writing within 15 working days.
Privacy Coordinator
Sportscover Asia Pacific
271-273 Wellington Road
Mulgrave, Victoria, Australia 3170
Phone: (03) 8562 9100       +61 3 8562 9100 (Int.)
Fax: (03) 8562 9111            +61 3 8562 9111 (Int.)
Email: privacy@sportscover.com
If we do not resolve your concerns to your satisfaction, you have the option to have an external review of your issue.
Privacy Commissioner
Telephone: 1300 363 992
(for the cost of a local call anywhere in Australia)
TTY: 1800 620 241
(this number is dedicated for the hearing impaired only)
Post: GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001
Facsimile: +61 2 9284 9666
Email: privacy@privacy.gov.au
For quality control and training purposes, we may monitor or record your communications with us.
The data protection notice may change and therefore you should review it regularly.
Web Privacy Policy
Consistent with the Privacy Act 1988 and its amendments. Sportscover endorses fair information handling practices.
Any information provided, including identification of individuals, will be used only for the purpose for which it has been collected.
Email addresses provided via this site will only be used to respond to specific user queries and will not be added to any mailing lists, nor disclosed to any other party without users’ knowledge and consent and as intended, unless required by law.
Sportscover is committed to continually improving this policy. This statement is subject to cyclic review.
Intent
This statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site.
If you are submitting personal details, credit card numbers, or other information over the internet which you wish to remain private, please note that, while all attempts are made to secure information transmitted to this site, there is a possibility that information you submit could be observed by a third party while in transit.
Information logged
When you visit this site, our server logs the following information which is provided by your browser for statistical purposes only:
– the type of browser and operating system you are using;
– your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk etc);
– the address of the referring site (for example, the previous site that you visited);
– your server’s IP address (a number which is unique to the machine through which you are connected to the Internet: usually one of your service provider’s machines).
In addition, our server logs the following information:
– the date and time of your visit; and
– the address of the pages accessed and the documents downloaded.
– All of this information we use only for statistical analysis or systems administration purposes. No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities, except in the unlikely event of an investigation where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant.
Electronic mail addresses
– Sportscover will only record your e-mail address if you send us a message.
– It will only be used for the purpose for which you provide it, and will not be added to a mailing list unless you request that this be done. Sportscover will not disclose it without your consent.
Subscriptions
– Some pages of this internet site provide the facility for users to subscribe to email mailing lists. To subscribe to these services users must provide a valid email address. These email addresses will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and you will not be added to any other mailing lists unless you specifically request that this be done.
– Email mailing list addresses are stored on a separate server and can only be accessed by authorised Sportscover staff.
– Your email address will not be disclosed without your consent.
Cookies and how they are used by us
– A cookie is an electronic token that is passed to your browser and your browser passes it back to the server whenever a page is sent to you.
– Our server generates multiple cookies, which is used to keep track of the pages you have accessed while using our server. The cookies allow you to page back and forwards through the web site and return to pages you have already visited. These cookies exist only for the time you are accessing our server.
– The Sportscover website uses cookies to store selections that the user has made.
– Cookies are not used for any other purpose at this site. We do not use cookies to collect personal information.
– The table below explains the cookies we use and the purpose of their use.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including from where the visitors have come to our website from, the number of visitors to our website and the pages they visited.
Website cookie acceptance
myRegion
This cookie is used to record which region the user has selected to visit on our website. It lasts for 24 hours from the time the user has accepted the use of cookies on our website.
Consent cookie
_cc50541ConsentCookie
This cookie records the user’s acceptance of cookies on our website. It lasts for a year from the date the user has accepted the use of cookies on our website.
Website webpages traffic cookie
ASPSESSIONIDCSTBQSDB
This cookie is used to track users as they move through the website. It collects information in an anonymous form. This cookie expires when you close your browser.
– To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
– To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Searches
– Search terms that you enter when using our search engine are collected, but are not associated with any other information that we collect. We use these search terms to ascertain what people are looking for at our site, and to improve the services that we provide.
Links to other sites
– This site contains links to other sites. Sportscover is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
– Our policy discloses the privacy practices for the Sportscover web site, however Sportscover does provide links to other web sites. When you leave the Sportscover Web site (http://www.www.sportscover.com ) you will be going to sites that are beyond our control. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.
– The privacy policies and procedures described here for Sportscover do not apply to any external links. Sportscover encourages you to read the privacy policies of any site you link to from ours, especially if you share any personal information.
– If you have questions about Sportscover’s privacy policy or other questions about our site use the contact information below.
Contact details
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you can contact:
Sportscover Asia Pacific
271-273 Wellington Road
Mulgrave, Victoria, Australia 3170
Phone: (03) 8562 9100       +61 3 8562 9100 (Int.)
Fax: (03) 8562 9111            +61 3 8562 9111 (Int.)
Email: privacy@sportscover.com
Menu
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok