http://www.inplace.com/privacy-policy/
Search:
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy at In-Place Machining Company. We will not collect any personal information from you that you do not volunteer, and we are the sole owner of all information collected on this site. We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way that we have not mentioned in this statement.
Cookies
Like many other Web sites, In-Place Machining Company uses cookies to identify members so they don’t have to re-enter a user id and password when they, for example, wish to post to a discussion. Cookies also help us improve your experience and display more prominently goods and services that might interest you. If you do not have cookies enabled, you must enter your password each time you access our site or any of its member features.
Third parties
In-Place Machining Company may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information. No personal information is ever sold or transferred without your prior consent and or request.
Security
We use reasonable precautions to keep the personal information you disclose and to only release this information to third parties we believe share our commitment to privacy. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties.
Obtaining your consent
By using our Web site, you give In-Place Machining Company permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics. If you register at In-Place Machining Company, you authorize In-Place Machining Company to use information you provide to personalize the information we deliver to you and to use your demographic information when calculating aggregate customer data. In-Place Machining Company may occasionally amend this policy. We suggest that you bookmark this page and check to see if it has changed from time to time.
Questions
If you wish to change any information you have given us, or have any questions on our Privacy Policy, you can contact us.
Recent News
IPM’s Innovative On-Site Machining “Leaves” Nothing to Chance On-Site Turbine Repair at Major Power Plant Keeps the Lights On In-Place Machining Company is Fully Operational
See More News Items>>
Customers
[Show picture list]
See More>>
IndustriesAerospace
Bridges & Moveable Structures
Diesel Engine Power & Propulsion
Fossil & Nuclear Power
Hydro-Electric Power
Mining & Cement
Nuclear Decommissioning
Pulp, Paper & Packaging
Marine & Offshore
Steel & Aluminum Producing
Wind Power