http://www.marbleservices.com/privacy_policy.htm
PB Marble Services Privacy Policy
HOME
Contact us
About us
Terms & Conditions
Shop Online
Stone Product
Links
HELP Chat Live
New Equipment
Used Equipment
Fabricator Depot
Reference List
Quarry Factory Equipment
Finance
Terms & Conditions
Bridge Saw requirements
Equipment Purchas
All our bridge saw sales are final
Receiving the machine:
When you receive the shipment Please:
Check visible damage, take pictures if you see any, email it to us asp.
When signing the shipment voucher make notes on the trucker voucher scan it &
fax it to us asp.
We will not be responsible if you don't check the shipment immediately.
An email needs to be received within 1 days including pictures of damaged
shipment.
Replacement: Damaged parts under warranty or after warranty if in stock can be
send out asp. Payment
All payment must be made by wire
transfer.
Credit card payment can be made for parts or item max cost $1000
Machinery
Down payment will be refunded after the designated machine will be purchase by a
new party, payment made by credit card will be return less the discount (3%),
for machine that arrives in US port or at sea the refund will be less the trans
loading & stocking till a new party purchase that machine.
Payments with credit card will encounter a 3.8% charge. In stock purchased
equipment has to be delivered within 14 days from down payment, an extra $90
/week (storage) will be add after 14 days.
Warranty: 1 year
parts, self install will
wave warranty on new equipment, all self repair must be detailed documented and
authorized by us for credit or reimbursement.
All bridge saw sales are final. no
return.
Only authorized technician can
authorize a warranty replacement, all parts above $200 must be
checked by authorized technician on site, if tech is not present
the new part will be the client responsibility if damaged.
Installation:
Included in the price of the machine. flying tickets included up
to $750. all tickets above will be added to the machine cost.
Replacement
All product are insured, in case of a
broken part that is not in our
spare parts stock we will replace it in the next shipment (container) aprox. 60-90 days.
Spare parts:
Electrical & electronics parts carry no
warranty after installation.
Shipping costs
The cost of shipping is determined by the destination, weight and size of the
item.
Delivery by volume to the same destination would save you more money.
Client responsible for Shipping cost that might change from the order date to
the delivery day
We are not responsible for any delays by port authorities (strike, exam etc.)
Shipping cost will be effected in case of strikes (on shipping included prices)
If container is ready for delivery and its not paid in advance we will have to
suspend delivery and the
client will encounter stocking charges.
Note:
Delivery of
the saw is on a half flat bed and is subject to the availability of trucking
company.
S/N of machine are known when install.
Used Equipment:
All information in this department "used equipment" is provided by the sellers.
We do not warranty or service the machines in this department. Specifications
were taken from the manufacturer’s web site and are subject to verification
The sells are as is and are final.
Inspections of used machines:
Are welcome, the buyer will sign a contract of no negotiation.
Buyer will put a down payment of $5,000.-
Money is refundable if item was misrepresented.
Prices: We might change prices
frequently according to dollar exchange. installation & shipping are not
included (prices are in the USA48) excluding Hawaii & Alaska, extra shipping
cost will be charged.
Judicial problems will be handled in Van Nuys CA court.
State Tax: all California companies
must pay 8.25%.
Wire transfer info:
PB Marble Services Co.
Bank Of America
Branch name: Sherman Oaks, CA
Acc. #04180 07542
ABA Routing #121000358
Swift Code #BOFAUS6S
Service:
When the machine we work on or install is not ours (Maya) we can't
guaranty full functionality, factory dealer mast address it.
Storage: In case client
cannot receive the item he order or bought after 2 weeks of item in
our storage client will be responsible for the storage fee.
Disclaimer: We are not
responsible for delays due to port or shipping delays.
Prices subject to change without notice
Client Responsibility & Preparation
For download Client must prepare a crane or 15000LB long forks forklift or pay
for a trans load (from a container to flat bed) the time for downloading must
not Exide 2 hours, every extra hour will cost $75.-.
For the installation you will need a forklift (6000 LB including a driver)
Concrete level floor,
One man for help.
220V 3 phase power ready wires to our transformer & from to the main machine
panel.( +5%) regulated. (100Amp.)
The Volts & Hertz of the installation location must be specific for the
transformer (A30KVA) (220 3PH 50Amp. 50/60 Hz)
Power Cables (Transformer to control panel) an electrician must be on site at
start of installation, and be done the first day.
60 Gallons #46 Hydraulic oil
15 Gallons W-30 Motor oil
28 - Concrete anchors (red heads) 3/4" x 51/2"
Heavy duty hammer drill.
Water hose to the machine.
Client responsible to cover the table, 4x4
treated wood +
concrete (recommended 2") [
max. load 2,500LB ] after installation.
All this has to be ready before we can send a technician to install.
Technician local transportation & lodging.
Installation takes maximum 2 days any extra day technician on a nun prepared
site will be charged $750/day.
Note:
Please take pictures of the shipment when arrive (damage has to be reported asp)
if not all damages in shipment will be your responsibility.
Self install will wave
warranty.
*Disclaimer
We can't guaranty shipments dates do to carrier or port policies
problems.
Due to circumstances we have no control
When receiving the container check for any shipping damage take
pictures before unloading. (notify us asp)
Notes:
We recommend changing the water hose that comes from factory with
pressure hose, Also the table should be
covered with a 4x4 treated wood & 2" of concrete.
Warranty: when a client install himself,
warranty is voided.
Also voiding the warranty - moving the saw from one site to another & not using
our technician.
Prices are only in US 48 extra for shipping to Hawaii, Alaska,
etc.
Electrical & Electronics parts carry no
warranty after sold and or installation (cannot be returned)
Machinery download: You have 2 hours to download the container or truck every
extra hour will be $70/H
Shipping costs
The cost of shipping is determined by the destination, weight and size of the
item.
Delivery by volume to the same destination would save you more money.
Client responsible for Shipping cost that might change from the order date to
the delivery day
Privacy Policy
Any personal information provided will be kept in strict confidence.
We will not sell, divulge or misuse your information without your written
consent.
All credit card transaction are going thru a secure site
Data
Collection Viewing pages at our web site does NOT require
any personally identifying information. When you visit a page at our
web site, we collect limited non-identifying information made
available by your web browser including the date and time of the
visit, the URL requested, the size of data transferred, the
referring web site URL, your host address and the browser version
information. We group the statistics of visitors to monitor and
manage our web site resources.
If you choose to
register for our email newsletter, you will be asked to provide your
email address. We will use the email address to register you for the
newsletter and to send the newsletter to you on a periodic basis.
Each newsletter will include instructions for unsubscribing from the
service. Unsubscribing via direct email or web will occur
immediately and you will not receive subsequent newsletters. Once
unsubscribed, your email address will be removed from the newsletter
system within 30 days.
Prices: We might change prices
frequently according to dollar exchange.
Shipping & Delivery Policy
All product 1-150 LB are shipped by FEDEX ground.
Product larger & heavier then 150LB are shipped buy trucking companies.
All shipment are insured.
We are not responsible for shipping delays caused
by steam ship forwarder, or custom exam delays.
Delivery of
the saw is on a half flat bed and is subject to the availability of trucking
company.
Shipping costs
The cost of shipping is determined by the destination, weight and size of the
item.
Delivery by volume to the same destination would save you more money.
Client responsible for Shipping cost that might change from the order date to
the delivery day.
Damaged shipment:
We will submit a claim as soon as you notify us of any damage, when we get the
check
from the shipping company will refund your payment.
Alternative Shipping
You can choose and arrange for your own preferred shipping
company to come pick up your purchased item. Just provide us with the BOL
document from your shipper and the date and time for the expected pick-up.
Self Pick up
You can also come and pick up the expected merchandise yourself. Just let us
know when so that we can ensure that the item is properly prepared for road or
air travel, buyer responsible to insure his own pickup.
Disclaimer:
When you get the shipment Please:
1. Don't sign the acceptance unless you check the shipment
2. If you have to, add "subject to inspection" on the acceptance form
3. In case of shipping refused we will open a claim with the carrier & when will
get
the money back will forward back to the buyer.
4. for immediate replacement, the buyer will need to pay again.
We will not be responsible if you don't check the shipment immediately.
5. Finish stone product all surfaces are honed finished.
6. All fireplaces sold and self pickup are sold as is, no return or exchange.
For international orders (Bridge saw, fireplaces, Gazebo)
we can't guaranty shipments dates do to carrier or port policies problems.
Do to circumstances we do not have control.
We reserve the option to make changes in our machine
capabilities.
Replacement
All product are insured, in case of a
broken part that is not in our
spare parts stock we will replace it in the next shipment (container) aprox. 60-90 days.
Return Policy
Product (parts) in stock: buyer has to contact us by email
and or Fax within 3 days of delivery to get an RMA. shipping cost to & back are
buyer responsibility. after we receive the product & make sure it is in perfect
condition will refund the cost minus 25% restocking fee.
Product (Parts) not in stock (special order 45-90 days):
buyer has to contact us by email and / or Fax within 3 days of delivery to get an RMA. Shipping fee from factory (China) to us & from us to buyer will not be
returned, shipping back to us is buyer responsibility after we receive the product &
make sure it is in perfect condition will refund the cost minus 40% restocking
fee.
Back to Shop on Line
About Us
Back to Shop On Line
Downloads