http://www.toddycafe.com/privacy-policy
Log In
0
Privacy Policy
WelcomeThank you for visiting Toddy Cafe. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at ToddyCafe.com.The information we collectYou provide specific personal information during the purchase of goods and/or services from Toddy Cafe. The information includes your name, address, email address, telephone number, payment information, and your interest in specific types of products and/or services. We may also collect certain nonpersonal information including the type of browser you are using (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.), the type of operating system you are using (Windows, macOS, Android, etc.), and the name of your Internet service provider (Comcast, AT&T, etc.).How we use the informationWe use the information you provide to fulfill your order for our goods and/or services, to respond to your inquiries about your order, and to notify you about the status of your order. From time to time, we may also send you additional information about our products and/or services in special promotional mailings. If you do not wish to receive these special mailings, please check the box that says "Check this box if you do not wish to receive special promotional mailings," which is located at the bottom of the page where you enter your shipping and billing addresses. If you wish to be removed from our mailing at any time, please contact our Customer Service Department. The nonpersonal information gathered may be used to improve the design and content of our site and in the aggregate to analyze site usage. We may disclose personal information in response to legal process (e.g., in response to a court order or subpoena). We also may disclose such information in response to law enforcement agency requests. And finally, we may disclose personal information in response to a charge-back inquiry from our merchant bank about your payment for goods and/or services. We will not sell or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us to parties outside of our company except as described above.SecurityAll transactions are protected by a 256-bit encryption SSL security certificate. Credit cards are processed in real time to minimize the potential for user error and to enhance security.CookiesTo enhance your experience with our site, many of our web pages use cookies and shopper IDs. Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. By themselves, cookies do not tell us your email address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to furnish our site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.Special note for parentsWhile Toddy encourages children to consult with their parents before furnishing personal data, parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers. These tools can prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission.Special note for kidsBe sure to ask your mom or dad for permission before sending any information about you to us (or anyone else) over the Internet.How to contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy for this site, please contact us.
Location & Contact Information
Business Hours
Monday - Friday
8:00 AM - 5:00 PM MT
Saturday - Sunday
CLOSED
Corporate Address
Toddy, LLC
3706 Aldrin Dr.
Loveland, CO 80538
Customer Service and Sales
Toll Free
1 (888) 863-3974
Local and International
1 (970) 493-0788