https://www.advanceinvestments.com/privacy-policy/
About Us
Our Services
News & Events
Contact Us
Advance Investment Limited Data Protection Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy
Thank you for taking the time to visit our website. Advance Investments Limited respects each person’s privacy and this policy will advise you how we collect and use the personal information that you supply us with. By submitting your data to us, it is implied that you have given us your permission to use your data under the terms of this policy. Our Privacy Policy is updated from time to time, so please check our website regularly to ensure you are fully up-to-date with how we deal with the information you have provided to us.
Who we are: Advance Investments Limited (including trading name PES Pensions) is a Limited Company registered in England & Wales (registration number 4175803) whose registered address is at Courtyard Mews, Piccadilly Place, London Road, Bath, BA1 6PL. Our Financial Services Register number is 195786.
Why we need your details: Advance Investments collect and use your personal details, which can include telephone numbers, address and e-mail, so that we can process one of the following:
Provide you with financial advice
Reply to any requests for information that you ask us for
Clarify any particular query
Supply details of any product or service within the Advance Group only that we believe may meet your needs
Cross check any information that we receive with that held on our database.
Information we may collect about you:
We may collect and process information about you and your personnel through various means, including:
In the course of carrying out work for you (or your business)
By email or other electronic correspondence
By telephone
External events (e.g. at client events and/or other meetings or events either hosted or attended by us)
Otherwise through providing our services or operating our business
The personal data you give to us may include:
Your name and title
Contact information, including telephone number, postal address and email address
Information relating to your location, preferences and / or interests
Employment and job application details, e.g. date of birth, employment history, qualifications, equality monitoring information
Photographic identification and video footage
In certain circumstances, your and others signature(s), National Insurance number(s), financial details such as bank account details and details of any relevant sanctions or similar restrictions
In certain circumstances, data relating to health (including disabilities), ethnicity, race, religious beliefs, trade union membership and other ‘special category personal data’
The content of any enquiry submitted over our website
Any other personal data we collect (such as the client reference number which may be assigned to you) in the context of our work for our clients or in the course of operating our business
How we receive the information: The information that we hold may be supplied by you directly to us by telephone, face to face meeting or e-mail. We class this as being ‘personally identifiable information’, which means it can be used to identify you, personally.
Access to your personal information:  Under the Data Protection Act you have a right to obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you.  If you believe that any information held is incorrect or incomplete, you should contact our Data Protection Officer at our office address.  Any information that is found to be incorrect or incomplete will be amended promptly.
For information on the Data Protection legislation (European Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC), all laws giving effect or purporting to give effect to this, such as the Data Protection Act 1998 or otherwise relating to data protection (to the extent the same apply) and, from 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (Regulation (EU) 2016/670) or any equivalent legislation amending, supplementing or replacing the GDPR), the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and the Information Commissioner, please follow this link: www.ico.org.uk
Who has access to this information? Your ‘personally identifiable information’ details will be kept within the organisation until such time as we decide that they should be removed. Your details will not be sold or otherwise disposed of to any third party.
Use and storage of your personal information: When you supply any personal information to Advance Investments Limited we have legal obligations towards you in the way we use this data. We must collect the information fairly, that is, we must explain how we will use it and tell you if we want to pass this information on to anyone else.  Primarily, we use the data to provide financial advice to you and complete transactions on your behalf.  We analyse and assess your data to maintain and develop our relationship with you.
Depending on the instructions we receive from you, we may pass your data to other professional advisers to enable us to provide advice most suited to your circumstances. Usually, this would be referrals to accountants, solicitors, tax advisers and sometimes specialist advisers in the financial and insurance industry where you may benefit from the expertise of such third parties.  We, and any third party specialist advisers to whom we introduce you, will pass your data to organisations when you agree to purchase and amend policies and products.  We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested.  For instance, if you are given specialist pension advice, the data will be retained indefinitely.  If you require details of the statutory retention periods for the differing product types and classes of data please ask us.
We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection legislation. We may be required to share your data with our Regulator (FCA) and other third parties including auditors or insurers.
Use of Third Party Testimonial Gatherers: At certain times we may ask our clients consent to provide online testimonials or reviews about the service they have received from us as a company. We can always protect our clients’ identity by ensuring that actual names are not provided in the reviews if requested by you.
How Secure are your details? When you provide us with your details, we will take all reasonable steps to keep these details secure and free from unauthorised access by use of technology and internal systems which will be updated as new technology becomes available and is appropriate to our systems.
Third Party Sites: Any third party internet sites that you may be able to link through to from our website will not be covered by our Privacy Policy and Advance Investments Limited accept no responsibility or liability for any actions that these sites may perform. We advise that you should check the policy of each site that you visit.
Removing or changing your information: If you wish to change the information that we hold for you, please contact us. If you wish to have your information removed from our database either permanently or temporarily, please contact us. Due to our Regulatory obligations & Legal responsibilities, there may be occasions where we are unable to delete records. We will discuss this with all clients who request any data to be deleted.
Making a complaint about the way in which your data is stored or used: In the event that you have a complaint about the way in which your details are used or stored by this company, please contact office@advanceinvestments.com or write to: Advance Investments, Courtyard Mews, Piccadilly Place, London Road, Bath, BA1 6PL. If you simply have a query about any aspect of this policy or wish to have any part of it clarified, please contact us.