http://www.teamits.com/termsofuse.html
Integrated Technical Solutions
HOME|SEARCH|CONTACT|REFER A FRIEND|RETRO MODE
(630) 420-2550
ITS TeamCare - IT Support
About ITS TeamCare
Client Testimonials
Traditional IT Support
Networks
Problem Solving
Office Wiring
Web Hosting
Why Host With ITS?
How To Get Started
Hosting Plans
Business Hosting
Advanced Hosting
Business Hosting (Windows)
E-commerce
Hosted Exchange
Domain Names
Domain Pointers
Add-Ons
Find A Domain Name
Order Form
SSL Certificates
Policies/Terms of Service
Web Design
Web Site Programming
Portfolio
Hosting Support
Hosting Platform
Shared
Shared Signature
FreeBSD VPS/MPS
Linux VPS/MPS
VPS v1
Windows
Domain Registrations
Promoting Your Site
Best Practices to Fight Spam
Protecting Your E-mail (SPF)
Contact Support
Phone Systems
TeleVantage
Speakeasy VoIP
ITS Experience
Alternatives to AT&T
More Info
Backup
ITS Backup
Security
ITS Mail Guard
Malware Prevention
Recommended Software
News/What's New In IT
Previous Articles
Receive Headlines Via RSS
The ITS Connection
Main Articles
Trends
Tips
Q&A
Humor
ITS Topics
PDF
Search
About Us
Mission and Values
People
Our Office
(view top of menu)|(collapse all)
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting our web site. Information and articles provided here are subject to the following conditions. If you visit or shop at teamITS.com, you are accepting these conditions.
Copyright & Trademarks
This web site's content is copyrighted by ITS, Inc., or our vendors/suppliers, and may not be copied without prior written consent. While you may not copy our content or images onto your site, you have our permission and encouragement to create links to our pages. You may also subscribe to our RSS feed if desired. Please contact us if you have any questions.
"ITS" and the ITS logo, The ITS Connection, ITS CorporateClass PC, ITS TeamCare, ITS Backup, and "If you need it, we do IT!" are all trademarks of Integrated Technical Solutions, Inc.
Verio, viaVerio, the Verio logo, and the viaVerio logo are
trademarks and/or service marks of Verio Inc. in the
United States and other countries. All other trademarks appearing on this site not owned by ITS are
the property of their respective owners.
Terms of Use
These Terms of Use may be updated from time to time without explicit notice; however, any changes will be published on our web site.
By visiting our web site, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy.
Many links on our site lead to other services and web sites, especially from ITS StartCenter. Those sites have their own terms of use and privacy policies, and are responsible for their own content.
ITS attempts to be as accurate as possible with pricing and product information listed online. Certain products such as broadband Internet services are provided by third parties and their pricing may change without notice. If a pricing error is discovered after an order is placed, we will contact you before completing the order.
If you or your organization has enacted a Master Contract with ITS, terms of that contract take precedence over any conflicting terms mentioned here.
Copyright © 1996-2020 ITS, Inc. | Terms/Legal | Privacy Policy
(630) 420-2550 | E-mail Us