http://www.patchesrus.com/privacy
Go
Get Started
Call Us
Patch Types
Patch Uses
Gallery
Pricing
FAQ / Support
All Products
Blog
Contact
Account
Orders
ReOrder
Proofs
About Signature Patches
Patch Types
Patch Uses
Patch Gallery
Pricing
Get Started
All Products
Blog
Go
+1 800-257-9664
|
Order
Privacy Policy
This web site is owned and operated by Signature Promotional Group, LLC (DBA Signature Patches ). We recognize that visitors to our site may be concerned about the information they provide us, and how we treat that information. Signature Patches has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our strong commitment to protecting your privacy.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at:
Signature Patches
16877 E Colonial Dr, Suite 313
Orlando, FL 32820
1 800-257-9664 Toll Free
info@signaturepatches.com
Information Collection
If you visit our site, but do not place an order or do not use our Free Quote form:
We do not collect any personal information about you.
We do track page request data (such as IP address, browser type, referring web site address, domain name, access times, and which pages were accessed on the site).
This data is collected in our server logs, so we can help diagnose problems with our web site, to monitor certain aspects of web queries, analyze trends, and to administer our Web site.
If you submit a request via our online Free Quote Form, we will request your:
Name
Telephone number
Email address
If you place an order, we will request your:
Name
Telephone number
Email address
Shipping address
Billing address, if different from shipping address
Payment information
Signature Patches does not collect any demographic information.
Information Usage
The personal information you provide us is used to:
Verify details of your order
Send order confirmations
Reply to your questions
Deliver your order to you
Pay for your order
Send receipts
Send marketing emails
Agents
We use outside shipping companies to fulfill orders, and credit card processing companies to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share or use personally identifiable information about you for any other purposes.
We reserve the right to disclose your personal identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us.
Information Retention
Personal information is retained by a secure method. The information is retained indefinitely.
Information Control
You can control your personal information by sending Signature Patches a request via postal mail. If we validate that you are the owner of the data, the information will be updated or deleted at your request. We will not sell, give, share, or trade your personal information with anyone that is not part of Signature Promotional Group, LLC, except as disclosed within this privacy statement. Within the Signature Promotional Group, LLC information is used for the limited purposes stated in this privacy statement. Personal information will only be used for the stated purposes. We also do not allow other companies to offer our customer’s products or services, unless you opt-in to receive such notifications (such practice is currently not supported by Signature Patches).
Information Access
We provide you with the means to access the following:
You may obtain the status of your order via phone, fax or email
Your personal information, as stated, and restricted, in Information Control sub-section, less the credit card details
You can request access to your information, less credit card details, by contacting us via telephone 1 800-257-9664 .
The staff of Signature Promotional Group, LLC does not have access to your personal information, except at the time of order processing, or by the data base administrator via secure password access.
Information Security
We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration. We use security technology and procedures to protect information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We store information on a secure server, with limited access, that is located in controlled facilities. Signature Patches’s internet security is audited daily by way of a third party security service. Our security policy and procedures are reviewed monthly, and all of our staff is made aware of those security policies and procedures.
Information Protection for Children
Signature Patches is a general audience site, and is not directed at children. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children. We rate the site as a 100% child-safe.
Cookies
Visitors to our web site should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected by the Signature Patches website through the use of “cookies”.
“Cookies” are small text files a Website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate the visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. Cookies are not programs that come onto a visitor’s system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the visitor that has no meaning outside the assigning site. If a visitor does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the visitor to deny or accept the cookie feature. Signature Patches uses “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from its online visitors in order to improve visitors’ online experience and facilitate their visit within our site. The cookie is retained for a period of time as described in the Information Retention sub-section of this privacy statement. If you have disabled cookies in your browser, you will still be able to view the content of our web site.
External Links
The Signature Patches  site contains links to external web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Trademarks
Any trademark referenced on this site is the property of the individual trademark owner.
Certification
Signature Patches has applied for certification from, subscribes to, and or follows the recommendations or ratings of the following organizations:
BBBonline (Better Business Bureau, Online Reliability)
Enforcement
If you have questions regarding this statement, you should first contact Signature Patches via phone, fax, email and/or postal mail; an acknowledgement reply normally is sent immediately, but please allow 30 business days for a reply to your specific inquiry. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry, or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed not later then 30 days after it was made, you may log a complaint with one of the following:
BBBonline (Better Business Bureau, Online Reliability)
Signature Promotional Group, LLC enforces this privacy statement internally.
Change Control
If we decide to change our policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
We Care About Doing It Right
In addition to maintaining privacy and security controls over information you share with us, Signature Patches works to accurately process our customer’s orders, answer questions and to provide outstanding customer service. During our normal business hours, our staff is available to answer any and all your questions about the products and services we offer.
Thank you for visiting our site. Please contact us should you have any questions about the operation of the site.
Get A Quote & Receive Free Artwork in 24 hours
Receive Free Artwork in 24 hours