https://www.babicm.org/privacy-policy/
Username
Password
Log in
Log in
Forgotten your password?
Reset your password
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how BABICM uses and protects any information that you give BABICM when you use this website.
BABICM is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
BABICM reserves the right, at its discretion, to make changes to any part of the Website, the Information or these Terms. BABICM may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. It is important you check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from May 2018. By continuing to use the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms as amended.
What we collect
We may require basic information which identifies you as an individual (“Personal Information”), such as your name, email address and phone number, in order to enable you to take advantage of particular services that we offer, for example when you send us a question / request from our “Contact Us” page, request one of our newsletters or further information on a specific department. We will only use such Personal Information for the purposes of providing information which you have requested, or for other purposes set out in these Terms.
We may collect the following information:
Name;
Telephone / mobile number;
Email address;
Information pertinent to fulfilling our services on an individual’s or organisation’s behalf.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information for the purpose of:
Internal record keeping;
Contacting you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, telephone or post. If you do not wish us to make use of your Personal Information in this way, please contact us today. We will also give you the opportunity to opt out of future marketing whenever we send you marketing material. You can also opt out at any time by contacting us.
Data collected in relation to new enquiries is kept for a period of 6 months and then deleted.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place highly secure electronic systems and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site or page. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. BABICM use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. BABICM does not use cookie technology to collect Personal Information. You may also wish to refer to allaboutcookies.org.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
The Internet is a global environment and using the Internet to collect and process data can involve the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing our Website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge our processing of data in this way. However, we will endeavour to protect all Personal Information collected through our Website in accordance with our data protection standards.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your explicit permission or are required by law to do so. Employees, associates and agents of BABICM may be given access to any Personal Information which we collect, but their use shall be limited to the performance of their duties and in line with the reason for processing. Our employees, associates and agents who have access to your Personal Information are required to keep that information confidential and are not permitted to use it for any purposes other than to enable you to use the Website or to deal with requests which you submit to us.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about BABICM and other information related to our industry.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to BABICM, 303 Warth Business Centre, Warth Industrial Park, Warth Road, Bury, BL9 9TB.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, or have any other data protection related issues or queries, please write to Angela Kerr, Data Protection Officer, as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If you are concerned that we have breached a privacy law or code binding on us, please send an email marked “Urgent” to Director, Angela Kerr and send to our office via secretary@babicm.org or contact us. We aim to respond in a reasonable time (normally 24 hours). Our Data Controller will manage your complaint and will give you additional information about how it will be handled.
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) if you believe we have not handled your request in an appropriate manner. For information on contacting the ICO please see their website ico.org.uk.
2013-2019 © Copyright BABICM
Designed & Developed by Spindogs