http://www.redeye.com/legal/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
RedEye International
Oak House, Crewe Hall Farm, Crewe CW1 5UE
Tel: 01270 848490
Data Protection Officer: Tim Roe
Contact email address: privacy@redeye.com
At RedEye, we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the confidentiality of your personal information. Our aim is to be as clear and open as possible about what we do and why.
Why we process your personal data
We process your personal data for our legitimate interests as a business but only if necessary for the purpose we collected it for. We may process your data for;
Sales and marketing activities such as calls, emails and other types of communications with you
Understanding how you interact with the website and social media
Account activity such as, email, written and verbal communications and agreement
Financial activity, such as billing communications
To perform obligations under a contract with you or a business you may work for
We will only store your data, for as long as we need it to undertake any of the processes listed above.
Automated processing
To ensure our prospects and clients receive the most relevant communications from RedEye, we use some automated processes to undertake this. These processes (such as lead scoring and marketing based on behaviour), might indicate what the contents of a marketing email may be, or indicate to us when the best time to contact you might be.
The data we use
We use a number of different categories of data about you, as part of our normal business processes, the categories include;
Contact details
Emails and records of verbal conversations
RedEye website and social media activity
Employment information (job title, responsibilities, position within the organisation etc)
Your status relating to our organisation, such as communication preferences and records of marketing activity that has been sent to you
Information telling us where we obtained your data
How we receive your personal data
www.RedEye.com offers the opportunity for its visitors to submit their details via a form (e.g. to request further information or download a resource)
From cookies: We use cookies on our website, that identify you when you visit us and tell us what pages you are viewing. We also use the information to trigger sales and marketing activity (for more information see our cookie page)
From social media: If you choose to communicate to us via any of the social media platforms
Verbal and written communications; When you send us an email, call or write a letter, or if we meet you face to face
Third parties; We sometimes receive personal data from third parties
Who will see your data?
Your personal data will only be seen and used by employees of RedEye. RedEye operates a role based access policy for personal data. What this means, is that an employee of RedEye will only have access to personal data, if they need that access to do their job. RedEye does not share the personal data of prospects or clients with any third parties.
Your rights
You have certain rights given to you by law, that means you have an amount of control over your personal data that we process.
Access to your personal data
This right allows you to confirm that your personal data is being processed and to allow you to check if the processing is lawful.
Correcting any mistakes
The right of rectification allows you to instruct an organisation that is processing your personal data, to rectify any mistakes.
Data deletion
The right to instruct an organisation to erase your personal data.
Stop processing
The right to stop the processing of your personal data
Moving data
The right to data portability means that under certain circumstances you will be able to ask for your personal data to be transferred from one organisation to another.
Right to object to direct marketing
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing.
Object to profiling
Under certain circumstances, you are able to object to profiling or automated decision making.
Right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO)
If you are not happy with an aspect of how Redeye are processing your data, you can lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority, which is the ICO.
Please contact us at privacy@redeye.com if you wish to exercise any of your rights or if you have any questions about the processing of your personal data by RedEye.
Electronic marketing
When you give us permission, we will use electronic marketing (emails, SMS, social media) to communicate items that we feel may be of interest to you, including industry and company information, updates and offers. If you do not wish to receive these communications, you will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe, by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
Confidentiality and security of your data
Information about you will be kept safe and secure and it will not be supplied to anyone else, unless we are obliged or permitted by law to disclose it. RedEye do not sell, rent or trade any personal information supplied by you to any third party. RedEye security systems and policies are independently certified to ISO 27001. ISO 27001 is an international standard for the operation of an information security management system. This system contains the organisational and technical controls that we use to protect your data from harm and ensure confidentiality.
Tell us what you think!
Your views on privacy are important to us. If you have comments or questions email privacy@redeye.com.
Back to top
We use cookies.
This is to help us understand how you are using our website and help us provide a better service.
You can find out more about our cookie policy here.