http://www.dtcc.com/privacy
This website sets cookies on your device. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Health Information Portability and
Accountability Act ("HIPAA") Business Associate Agreement ("BAA")
NY State Department of Financial Services 23 NYCRR 500
Code of Conduct
Supported Browsers
DTCC Privacy Policy
Effective Date: May 24, 2018
This statement sets forth the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (“DTCC”) privacy policies (“Privacy Policy”) and applies to DTCC and its subsidiaries (“we,” “us” and “our”) with respect to the use and disclosure of certain personal information we gather on our website (this “Site”) or in connection with the provision or potential provision of services.  There may be additional terms provided when you procure certain services or additional information required in order for you to log into our portal to access our services.  DTCC and its subsidiaries are listed in the “Businesses & Subsidiaries” page of this Site.
1. Information We Collect
We collect information in connection with the provision or potential provision of services, including, for example, transaction records, trade repository, clearance, settlement, custody and asset servicing, transaction processing services, or other services provided by our subsidiaries (collectively, the “DTCC Services” or “Services”). DTCC Services may be provided to customers, participants and members (collectively, “Customers”). DTCC Services are generally provided directly to businesses and the information we gather generally relates to these business customers. Personal information related to Customers and prospective Customers, including business representatives, agents, employees, administrators, and users of our Services that may be collected by us include, but is not limited to:
First and last name,
Job title,
Areas of business coverage,
Organization or department,
Business address (including street and city name),
Telephone or fax number,
Email address, and
Other information voluntarily provided to us.
Collection of such business contact information is required to enable us to provide Services to our Customers.  Other information may be required to enable us to verify the identity or authority of Customer, or its representatives, agents, employees, administrators, and users or for “Know your customer” purposes, where applicable.
2. Additional Online Information Gathering
When visiting or using our websites or online services (collectively, “Websites”) we may collect certain information through automatic means, such as logging. This may include information such as IP address, type of browser and operating system used, information regarding internet service provider or the type of device used to access our Websites, date and time of such access, navigation to and through our site, how long a web page is visited, and other sites visited that link to or from our Websites. We may also collect information through the use of cookies, local shared objects (e.g., “Flash cookies”), clear gifs or “pixel tags,” device identifiers, or other identifiers or technologies, including as those technologies may evolve over time (collectively, “Data Technologies”). We may use Data Technologies to identify and track visits and use of our Websites, to customize experience on our Websites, to “remember” passwords, and for storing information or settings. This information allows us to evaluate our users’ use and navigation of the site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of users to each webpage, and the length of each visit, to carry out our legal obligations, to protect our website and network from viruses or other threats, and to fulfill our regulatory requirements.  We may use other third-party analytics tools that collect information about visitor traffic on our Websites. This information may be shared among DTCC and its subsidiaries, and their third party service providers.
Users of our Websites may be able to modify their browser’s settings to decline certain Data Technologies, such as cookies. If you disable Data Technologies, some features or functions of our Websites may not operate properly. If you set your browser to not accept cookies, you may still have access to public portions of the Sites.  The acceptance of cookies is required for access to protected areas of the sites including access to DTCC’s products and services
For convenience, we may provide links to websites, apps, or online services that are not operated by us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any websites, apps, or online services that we do not provide or operate. We recommend reviewing the privacy notices or policies of these third party websites, apps, or online services in order to understand their information practices.
3. How We Use Information
We may use the personal information we gather for the following purposes:
to provide and support DTCC Services, including uses or disclosures that are usual or customary to carry out the DTCC Services for which the information was given, or a related transaction;
to communicate with Customers, for example, in response to requests, questions, and comments;
to maintain and manage accounts;
to operate, evaluate and improve our business (including diagnosing technical and service problems; administering our Websites; identifying users of our Websites; developing new products and services; managing our communications; determining the effectiveness of our sales, marketing and advertising; analyzing and enhancing our products, services and Websites; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);
to perform data analyses (including market research, trend analysis, and financial analysis);
to comply with applicable legal requirements and advice, government regulations, and our policies; and
with your consent, to inform a prospective Customers and current Customers, or its representatives, agents, employees, administrators, and users about products, services, or opportunities that may be of interest to them.
We may also use the information we gather in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.  In addition, we may use your information with your consent or as approved by you from time to time.
4. Information We Share
Information we gather may be shared among DTCC and its subsidiaries and their service providers in order to support the purposes for which we may use information. We may entrust, delegate, and otherwise share information with:
Corporate Affiliates: We may share information we gather with our Affiliates for their everyday business purposes, to provide services or to perform marketing.
Service Providers: We may share information with third party service providers who help us provide, develop and offer products and services. If you choose to use a particular feature within some of our products, you may be presented with a link directing you to a third-party provider which may have privacy policies or notices that differ from ours. Other service providers process data at our direction and in accordance with this policy.
Regulators: We may share information and records we maintain with financial or other regulators and in response to requests by courts or government authorities, such as law enforcement agencies and officials.
Business Transfer: We may share information we have gathered in connection with the sale or merger of our business, affiliates, or the transfer of assets.
We may also use and share the information we gather: to enforce our rights and protect our property and interests and those of our Customers, members of the public, and others; to comply with applicable law, legal process, and legal advice; and for preventing fraud, theft, and injury to our Customers, ourselves, or others.
Information may be shared with our legal and other advisors. This Privacy Policy does not apply to anonymized or aggregated data which by itself does not allow an individual to be located or contacted. We may use and share such anonymized or aggregated data with third parties.
5. Information Safeguarding
>We maintain an information security program setting forth standards for maintaining administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information provided by our Customers against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.  DTCC periodically tests the security protections of its information systems and monitors the effectiveness of its information security controls, systems and procedures.
6. Data Transfers
We may transfer the information we collect to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected (“Originating Country”). Personal information may be stored in the United States, and in other countries with different data protection standards than the Originating Country. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy, through adherence to our intra-company or other contractual agreements, and/or in accordance with applicable law. The following list represents the countries where DTCC has registered legal entities and jurisdictions that are material to DTCC’s operations.
Canada
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Japan
Netherlands
Philippines
Singapore
United States
United Kingdom
7. Data Retention
The personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is required for the purposes for which it was collected. Contact information about individuals such as mailing list information is kept until a user unsubscribes to a publication or requests that we delete that information.
8. Individual's Rights
Customers have the right to request details of the information that DTCC holds about them such as their email address, contact information, or other personal information.  Any requests for access to correct, rectify, or erase any inaccurate information gathered by DTCC or its subsidiaries can be directed to privacyoffice@dtcc.com.
9. Updates to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and, where permitted by law, without prior notice to reflect changes in our information practices. We will indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated.
10. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, you may receive, on an annual basis, a list of the details with whom your personal information may have been shared and the ability to opt out from further sharing. Contact us at our address below for this information.
Our websites and services do not respond to a browser’s do not track request or similar mechanism.
11. Unsubscribe
Individuals may object to their information being used for the purposes stated in this privacy policy by sending an email to privacyoffice@dtcc.com.  Individuals may also opt-out of DTCC communications at any time by following the links provided in the respective communication.
12. How to Contact Us
Individuals may escalate concerns or issues with relevant data protection authorities, however we encourage questions regarding this Privacy Policy or contacting our Chief Privacy Officer by sending an email to privacyoffice@dtcc.com.
dtccdotcom