https://www.mpja.com//ordering_information.asp#privacy
1-800-652-6733
0 Items
Total: $0.00
Shopping Cart |
Login
Home
Sitemap
Quick Order
Email Specials
FREE Catalog
Ordering Info
Wish List
My Account
Categories
Close Outs!
Weekly Sale Items
New Products
Arduino
Raspberry Pi
Electronic Enclosures & Boxes
Cable, Cords & Wire
Chemicals, Electronic
Components, Electronic
Connectors
Computer Accessories
Cooling Modules, Peltier Thermoelectric
Counters & Timers
Electronic Kits
Fans, Axial
Fuses, Electronic
Heat Sinks
Heat Shrink Tubing
LCD Displays
LED Flashlights
LED & LED Displays
Lasers & Lenses
Magnets
Motors & Components, Electronic
Panel Meters & Meter Shunts
Printed Circuit Boards
Power Cords
Power Supplies
19" Rack Systems
Relays - Power
Solder Equipment
Speakers & Sirens
Stepper Motors and Drivers
Switches, Electronic
Telephone
Test Equipment, Electronic
Thermostats, Digital
Tools, Electronic
Transformers, Power
UV Lights
Valves & Cylinder
Video, CCTV & Security
Unique Items
Weekly Flyer
Home  /  Ordering Information
Ordering Information
How to Place an Order?
ONLINESelect items from our Online Catalog, fill out all the appropriate information. Once you have chosen all the items you wish to purchase, Check Out your shopping cart with your Mastercard, Visa, Discover or American Express. Your order will transfer to MPJA via our secure SSL server. Orders placed Online will be shipped UPS.
PHONE ORDERSYou may phone your order in TOLL FREE: (800) 652-6733 - 9:00AM to 5:00PM Eastern Time, Monday through Friday. A good practice is to fill out the order form in the catalog and have your credit card number ready. If you wish to receive a FREE CATALOG, we will gladly mail you one.
FAX ORDERSYou may FAX your order to us: (561) 844-8764. Take advantage of this service 24 hours a day - 7 days a week. Please take care to write legible. Illegible FAX's are the leading cause of delay in servicing FAX orders. Be sure to include a return FAX number. If you need a PRINTABLE ORDER FORM, you may download it here.
MAILING ADDRESS8380 Resource Drive, West Palm Beach, FL 33404 is open Monday through Friday, 9:00AM to 5:00PM and closed on Saturday and Sunday. Closed all major holidays.
Technical Questions?
Have a question about a part?, Call our PRODUCT INFORMATION LINE at (561) 848-1414 - 9:00AM to 4:00PM Eastern Time, Monday through Friday or E-Mail us thru our CONTACT US Page. We can only assist you with information about the products we sell. Check in the SUPPORT Section to see if a Data Sheet is available for the product you are ordering. Please check back often as this section is constantly being updated.
Payment
1. Credit Card: You may use American Express, Master Card, Visa or Discover. Charge backs will be assessed a $25.00 fee.
2. Paypal: We accept Paypal Payments on website orders only. All Paypal credits will be applied back to the Paypal account on which the order was placed.
3. Check / Money Order: Please allow sufficient funds for shipping. Please put your customer number on your check. Returned checks will be charged a $25.00 fee.
4. Open Accounts: Limited open accounts available to government, schools, hospitals and corporations. Prior approval must be obtained from our accounting department before your order will be processed. There is a $25 minimum order on ALL open accounts.
Sales Tax: Orders shipped to an address in Florida must pay Florida State Sales Tax, unless we have a signed Florida sales tax certificate on file prior to shipping. If you are required to pay sales tax in your state, that is your responsibility.
Shipping
SHIPPING RATES:
We are automated for United Parcel Service (UPS) and this is our primary carrier. We also offer Priority Mail from The United States Postal Service (USPS). If you desire an alternate shipping method, please call the ORDER DESK and we will be happy to accommodate you. You may choose which method you prefer on the CHECKOUT page. Just click on the Select Another Shipping Method link to see the rates and change your method. You can also see Estimated Shipping Charges on the SHOPPING CART page. The cost for each shipping method will be calculated and you may then choose which rate works best for you.
SHIPPING OPTIONS:
When placing your order, you may choose from any of the following 5 UPS methods; UPS Ground, UPS 3 Day AIR, UPS 2nd Day AIR or UPS Next Day AIR and USPS method; Priority Mail. Most orders placed with the UPS Ground or Priority Mail shipping option will be shipped on average, within 2 business days of receipt of order. If you choose any of the AIR shipment methods, orders placed either through the ONLINE ORDERING WEBSITE or the TOLL FREE Order Line: (800) 652-6733 will be shipped the same day providing the orders are placed by 3:00pm EST. The only exception will be orders containing "out-of-stock" or "back ordered" items.
The following table indicates estimates of when your order will arrive.
Order Placed:Next Day:2 Day:3 Day:UPS Ground:Priority Mail:
Placed by: Mon. 3:00pm ESTTues.Wed.Thur.[View Chart]1-3 Bus. Days*
Placed by: Tues. 3:00pm ESTWed.Thur.Fri.[View Chart]1-3 Bus. Days*
Placed by: Wed. 3:00pm ESTThur.Fri.Mon.[View Chart]1-3 Bus. Days*
Placed by: Thur. 3:00pm ESTFri.Mon.Tues.[View Chart]1-3 Bus. Days*
Placed by: Fri. 3:00pm ESTMon.Tue.Wed.[View Chart]1-3 Bus. Days*
*Note: These shipping times are what has been provided by both UPS and USPS. Both UPS Ground and Priority Mail are only estimates as stated by the carriers.
PLEASE CALL FOR HOLIDAY SHIPPING SCHEDULE
UPS Ground Service: 2 to 7 working days depending on location.
UPS 3 Day Air: (Orange Label) Order will be delivered in 3 working days. Order must be placed by 3:00PM Eastern Time.
UPS 2nd. Day Air: (Blue Label) Order will be delivered in 2 working days. Order must be placed by 3:00PM Eastern Time.
UPS Overnight Air: (Red Label) Order will be delivered next working day. Order must be placed by 3:00PM Eastern Time.
Saturday Delivery: Red Label Charge plus $20.00.
International Orders
RESTRICTIONS:
Sorry, we do not accept orders from any other countries at this time.
Privacy Statement
Marlin P. Jones & Assoc. Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our company's commitment to YOUR privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Free Catalog Requests as well as Online Ordering. Customer information is not sold or redistributed to any other parties outside Marlin P. Jones & Assoc. Inc.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION:
In our Online Ordering form, we collect visitor's contact information (billing, shipping and email address) as well as financial information (account or credit card numbers) with the purpose of processing and shipping orders. This information is dealt with in a professional and secure manner.
COOKIE USAGE:With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .
SECURITY:With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
EMAIL: By submitting your E-Mail address to Marlin P. Jones & Assoc. Inc. in our Catalog Request Form, your E-Mail address will automatically be added to our E-Mail Subscriber List. Your E-Mail address is protected by Marlin P. Jones & Assoc. Inc. and will not be sold or redistributed to other companies. You may opt-out of receiving future emails of E-Mail promotions by submitting a removal request to E-Mail List Maintenance. Your E-Mail address will be flagged to be filtered out of our future mailings.
EMAIL USAGE: We periodically send E-mail Newsletters to our customers and site visitors with special offers and exciting news about new products. Contained at the bottom of each Email Special, you will find a link to have yourself flagged to be filtered out of our future mailings.
General Information
Your Customer Number and what it DOES for you! On your first order or catalog request, you will be assigned a unique customer number. The number appears on all correspondence and orders. Referencing this customer number will expedite your order. Also, you will become eligible for special flyers, catalogs and discount coupons.
GUARANTEE: Should any item not measure up to your needs, it may be returned for replacement, credit on a future order, or refund check at your option.
RETURN POLICY: If order was damaged in shipment to you, save box, packing & contact carrier. Returns or exchanges must be within 30 days from date of invoice. Items ordered in error will be subject to a 15% restocking charge after 30 days, plus an additional 5% per month from date of original invoice. A return form is provided in your package, no need to call. Items must be complete, in original condition & packaging, including cables, screws etc. Internal manufacturer's packing & boxes must be undamaged. Returns not meeting these requirements will not be accepted. Pack carefully then ship freight pre-paid (No COD's).
DISCLAIMER:
Because the products sold are manufactured by others, Marlin P. Jones & Assoc. Inc disclaims any and all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness, fitness for a particular purpose, intended use or workmanship as to all items.
Any defective products will be replaced by the same or substantially similar products. We are not responsible for typographical errors in either the printed catalog or the website. All items are subject to availability & prior sale. Prices are subject to change without notice. Drawings of items are believed to be typical of the item, however, they may not be exact. It is the purchasers' responsibility to insure the correctness of the item being purchased and it's proper use. Parts are not to be exported to any other countries; we cannot provide any documentation for other countries laws or compliance regulations.
QUICK LINKS
Power Supplies
Benchtop Power Supplies
Solder Stations
12 Volt Power Supply
Solderless Breadboards
Digital Multimeters
Digital Panel Meters
DC Axial Brushless Fans
IEC Power Cords
Arduino Compatible Boards
Electronic Enclosures and Boxes
Stepper Motors and Drivers
24 Volt Power Supply
Adapter Power Supplies
Sub-Mini Toggle Switches
Mini Toggle Switches
Heat Shrink Tubing
Power Transformers
MY ACCOUNT
Login/Register
View Orders
Update Profile
View Cart
View Wish List
RESOURCES
Support Files
Information Articles
"How To" Videos
Printable Order Form
FREE Catalog
Email Signup
COMPANY INFO.
Ordering Info.
Shipping Info.
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
Directions to our Store
Copyright © 1997-2020
Marlin P. Jones & Assoc. Inc. - All Rights Reserved
Send mail to MPJA, Inc. with questions or comments about this web site.
Site Designed by NiteOwl Computing