http://www.4grain.com/legal.html
Home
Products
FAQs
Contact
Legal and Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We collect
information on or through this site that can personally identify you only when
it is voluntarily offered by you. For example, we collect personally
identifiable information to respond to visitor questions and comments about us
and our products and services, to mail e-newsletters, to respond to and to contact winners
of contests and promotions. In addition, we may also use other data for market
research, advertising and promotional purposes.
We do not share any of the personal information you provide
to us with any third party other than service providers of ours who assist us
in providing the information and/or services we are providing to you. To the
extent that we do share your personal information with a service provider, we
would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with our privacy standards
as described in this privacy policy.
Any non-personal information, communications and material
you send to this site or to us by e-mail are on a non-confidential basis. Cal-Maine Foods Inc.
(CMF) can use or copy all that information including any ideas, inventions,
concepts or techniques disclosed therein, for any purposes. Such purposes may
include disclosure to third parties and/or developing, manufacturing and/or
marketing goods or services.
Any information you send to this site must be truthful, not
violate the rights of others, and be legal. Like many other companies, we use
"cookie" technology. This information helps us determine the total
number of visitors to the website on an ongoing basis. This information is used
to enhance your on-line visits. Under no circumstances do we use this
information to personally identify visitors.
We may modify this policy at any time, and all
modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the
modifications on this site. Unless specified otherwise, this policy only
applies to this website and does not apply to any of our other activities.
For additional information about our on-line
privacy policies, please contact us at customerservice@4GRAIN.com
Legal Statement
All content of this website is owned by CMF. You may download content
only for personal non-commercial purposes but no modification or further
reproduction of the content is permitted.
CMF will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and
accurate information in this website
but makes no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy,
currency, or completeness of the information provided. CMF shall not be liable
for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to
access, this website,
or from your reliance on any information provided on this website.
This website
may provide links or references to other sites but CMF has no control or
responsibility for the content of these other sites and is not liable for any
damages or injury arising from that content. Any links to other sites are
provided merely as a convenience to the users of this website.
The trademarks, trade names, and products in this website are the property
of CMF. No use of any of these can be made without the prior, written
authorization of CMF but for identification of the products or services of CMF.
Any personally identifiable information in electronic communications
to this website is
governed by this site's Privacy Policy.