https://www.kimboltonfireworks.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home
Displays
Retail Products
Trade Sales
About Us
Contact Us
0
Toggle navigation
Home
Displays
Retail Products
Trade Sales
About Us
Contact Us
0
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.kimboltonfireworks.co.uk.
Kimbolton Fireworks are committed to protecting the privacy of anyone using our site and the confidentiality of any information that you provide us with. The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use any personal information that we may obtain from you.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Should you wish to contact us via the contact form on our website you will be asked to provide certain information, such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on a computer or otherwise. We will only use this information to reply to your enquiry.
Optional Voluntary Information
We offer the following free services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
Electronic newsletters policy – We will offer a free electronic newsletter to users. Kimbolton Fireworks gathers the email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the link provided in every newsletter email.Surveys – Kmbolton Fireworks may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party.
We give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters.
Cookies
We collect information directly from you in a number of ways. One way is through our use of “cookies”. Most websites use cookies in order to make them work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website. They help us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can develop and improve the design, layout, content and function of the site. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive by websites that you visit. They save and retrieve pieces of information about your visit to the website – for example, how you entered the site, how you navigated through the site and what information and documentation was of interest to you. This means that when you go back to a website, it can give you tailored options based on the information it has stored about you on your last visit.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
The rules about cookies on websites have changed. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in the preferences or options menu in your browser. You can set your browser to reject or block cookies or to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. You can also delete any cookies that are already stored on your computer’s hard drive. However, please be aware that if you do delete and block all cookies from our website, parts of the site will not then work. Likewise, you may not be able to use some products and services on other websites without cookies.
To find out more about cookies, including seeing what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from our website, please leave immediately and then delete and block all cookies. Alternatively, you may opt out of receiving information from us by e-mail, telephone, fax or post. Our phone number is 01732 822788, or you can e-mail us on info@kimboltonfireworks.co.uk.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who we share your data with
We undertake never to sell or rent out personal information in any form whatsoever to third parties for commercial purposes.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.