https://www.sigmatesting.com/isapi/privacy.dll?PTID=3
Cookies Policy
Effective: June 30, 2020
This Policy explains how cookies and similar technologies (collectively, "Cookie(s)") are used when you visit or receive information through our websites, emails, and other applications (collectively, "Website") that are owned and operated by either or both SIGMA Assessment Systems, Inc. and SIGMA Assessment Systems, Ltd. (formerly Research Psychologists Press, Inc.) ("the Companies"). This policy explains what these technologies are and why they are used, as well as your right to control their use.
We reserve the right to revise this Policy at any time. Please take a look at the "EFFECTIVE" date at the top of this page to see when this Policy was last revised. Any change in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Policy available on or through our Website.
1. What Is A Cookie?
A cookie is a small data file generated by web servers and stored in your computer, tablet, or mobile device (collectively, "Computer"). A Cookie stores a small amount of data on your Computer that describes your visit to our Website. It allows us to recognize and remember you.
We place and access Cookies on your Computer; these Cookies are known as "first-party Cookies." Cookies may also be placed and accessed by some of our third-party vendors, which are known as "third-party Cookies" and are described below. Some Cookies are "session Cookies," which means that they are temporary Cookies that are only stored on your device for so long as you are visiting our Website. Other Cookies are "persistent Cookies," which means that they are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Website.
You can choose whether to accept Cookies by changing the settings on your browser (see more on this in Section 3 below). However, if you disable this function (or keep this function disabled, as set by default by certain browsers), your experience on the Website may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
2. What Cookies Do We Use?
Below we list the different types of Cookies that are used on the Website that you are visiting, along with the details on how we use Cookies.
To the extent any personal information is collected through first-party Cookies, our Privacy Policy applies and must be read in connection with this Cookie Policy. Personal information collected through a third-party Cookie is subject to the privacy policy of that third party, and not our Privacy Policy.
Session Cookies
Session Cookies allow you to be recognized within a Website so any page changes or item or data selection you do is remembered temporarily from page to page. Once the browser is closed, the session ends and the Session Cookies are deleted.
Persistent Cookies
Preference Cookies
Preference Cookies collect information about your choices and preferences, and allow us to remember language or other local settings you may use in order to customize the Website accordingly.
Third-Party Cookies
Analytics Cookies
Analytics Cookies collect information about your use of the Website, and enable us to improve the way a Website works. For example, Analytics Cookies show us which pages on the Website are the most frequently visited, help us record any difficulties you have with the Website, and show us whether our advertising is effective or not. Analytics Cookies allow us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Website by all visitors, rather than the usage of a single person. We use information from Analytics Cookies to analyze the aggregated Website traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information.
Anti-spam Cookies
Anti-spam Cookies are used when submitting data through forms (e.g., our contact request form or order form). If Cookies are disabled, the anti-spam feature will often require more detailed verification instead of a simple check-box.
3. How Do I Manage Cookies?
You can change your Cookie settings above by opting out of all Cookies.
You may refuse or accept Cookies from the Website or any other website at any time by activating settings on your browser. Most browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline Cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of our Website that depend on Cookies. Information about the browser-specific procedure to follow in order to enable or disable Cookies can be found at:
Chrome
Safari
Safari Mobile (iPhone and iPads)
Firefox
Microsoft Edge
For more information about other commonly used browsers, please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Please be aware that if Cookies are disabled, not all features of the Website may operate as intended.
To opt-out of participating in Google Analytics data, follow the instructions listed at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
4. Contact us
If you have any questions, please contact us by email at privacy@sigmaassessmentsystems.com, or write to us at either of the following addresses:
SIGMA Assessment Systems
PO Box 610757
Port Huron, MI 48061-0757; or
SIGMA Assessment Systems
PO Box 3292, Stn. B.
London, ON N6A 4K3.