http://www.gbaudio.co.uk/privacy.htm
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Quick Privacy acceptance
Quick Privacy
opt-out
GB Audio – Privacy Policy
We’ve made some updates to GB Audio’s Privacy Policy to
give you more power over your personal information and to support new
European data protection laws.  Our new policies came into effect on May
24, 2018.
Here are the key updates:
1. We’ve restructured our Privacy Policy to make it
clearer for you to understand the data we have, how we use it and your
choices.
2. We’ve made it even clearer for you to control the
emails you receive from us, and how your information is used. You can check
our Privacy Policy online at any time and you can contact us to opt out or
change your contact preferences at any time by email or phone.
3. If you have any questions, feel free to
contact us by email or phone — we’re happy to help.
Revised: August 2019
GB Audio’s mission is to provide customers with a high
quality, reliable service with minimum of fuss and hassle. In order to do
this we will need to hold some information about you. We also commit to
protect your privacy and security online and offline. Our Privacy Policy
outlines how we obtain information from you and what we do with it. It also
explains the choices you can make to control your privacy when you use GB
Audio.
Table of Contents
Information we collect and why
Other ways we use your information
The lawful basis on which we process your information
Who may receive your information
Your privacy choices
Data retention & security
Cross-border transfers
Third-Party Services
Policy updates & contacting us
1. Information we collect and why
When you use our online shop, we
need to know a little about you but we will only ask for the minimum amount
of data which is required to provide our service. Here we outline what
information GB Audio Shop collects, how we collect it and why we collect it.
What we collect
How we collect
it
Why we collect
it
Your name.
We ask you to
provide a chosen name when you create an online account. (You can
make up any name here)
We need a chosen
name so we can post your order to you.
Company name.
We ask you to
provide a company name when you create an online account. This is
optional.
We may need a
company name so we can post your order to you.
Your email address.
We ask you to
provide an email address when you create an account.
So we can confirm
the status of your order or contact you if there is a problem with
your order.
Your password.
We ask you to enter
a password when you create an account.
So that you can log
in to your account in the future.
Your postal
address.
We ask you to enter
an address when you create an account.
We need an address
so we can post your order to you.
Your telephone
number.
We ask you to enter
a phone number when you create an account. This is optional.
Your phone number
may be handy for us to contact you if there is a problem with your
order.
Your postal address
We ask you to
provide an email address when you create an account.
We need a postal
address so we can post your order to you.
Information
collected through cookies or log files on www.gbaudio.co.uk
The
www.gbaudio.co.uk web site does not currently use cookies. A cookie
is a small text file containing a unique identification number that
is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer
allowing the website to identify you and track your activities on
that website. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie
information is no longer available through the server. You can set
your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the
chance to decide whether to accept it. The GB Audio site does not
currently use log files.
We use third-party
analytics services from Google Analytics provided by Google Inc.
(“Google”). These analytics services may use cookies and similar
technologies to analyze how people use our services and provide
statistical reports about aggregate user behaviour. Such services
may also collect information about platform visitors’ use of other
websites. This information is anonymised and not personally
identifiable.
Some sites use IP
addresses in log files to analyse trends, administer the site, track
a user's movements, and gather broad demographic information for
aggregate use.
Log files do not enable sites to access personally identifying
information, such as email addresses, on your computer..
Information
collected through cookies on www.gbaudioshop.co.uk
This GB Audio Shop
(www.gbaudioshop.co.uk) web site does require Cookies to be enabled
to purchase online to embrace privacy and security related issues
regarding your visit to this site. This is done automatically by our
service providers using cookies, pixel tags (also known as web
beacons and clear GIFs), and other similar technologies. By enabling
cookie support on your browser, the communication between you and
this site is strengthened to be certain it is you who are making
transactions on your own behalf, and to prevent leakage of your
privacy information.
Like other
websites, GB audio may not function properly if cookies are not
enabled. We may use cookies on our web site and online shop to
understand user activities. We use third-party analytics services
from Google Analytics provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). These
analytics services may use cookies and similar technologies to
analyze how people use our services and provide statistical reports
about aggregate user behaviour. Such services may also collect
information about platform visitors’ use of other websites. This
information is anonymised and not personally identifiable.
Credit/Debit card
data. Or Paypal online data.
Your payment
information including your credit card or bank number, expiry date,
billing address and transaction amount is collected on our payment
page by a third-party payment processor (currently PayPal) and will
be subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
Your payment
information is needed by the third party to pay for goods or
services ordered. We have no control over, and are not responsible
for, the third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your
personal information. We receive information on your payment amount,
name and address only; no other payment information is stored or
saved within our systems.
When you order goods by phone or
email or in person from our premises, we need to know a little about you but
we will only ask for the minimum amount of data which is required to provide
our service. Here we outline what information GB Audio collects, how we
collect it and why we collect it.
What we collect
How we collect
it
Why we collect
it
Credit/Debit card
data when paying in person.
Your payment
information including your credit card or bank number, expiry date,
billing address and transaction amount is collected and processed
and shared securely by electronic terminal with our service provider
(currently WorldPay) including transfer within Europe. These
transfers will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
We need your
payment information to pay for goods or services ordered. Once we
have shared this data with the service provider, we have no control
over, and are not responsible for, the third party’s use and
disclosure of your personal information.
Credit/Debit card
data when paying by phone.
Your payment
information including your credit card or bank number, expiry date,
billing address and transaction amount is collected and processed
securely in house. We then share the data with our service provider
(currently WorldPay) including transfer within Europe. These
transfers will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
We need your
payment information to pay for goods or services ordered. Once we
have shared this data with the service provider, we have no control
over, and are not responsible for, the third party’s use and
disclosure of your personal information.
Email or web site
enquiries
We will ask for the
minimum relevant information in order to understand your
requirements.
So that we can
provide appropriate advice or goods or services. Data will be stored
only for as long as it is required to provide our service.
Telephone enquiries
We will ask for the
minimum relevant information in order to understand your
requirements.
So that we can
provide appropriate advice or goods or services. Digital and/or
paper based data will be stored only for as long as it is required
to provide our service.
What we collect
How we collect
it
Why we collect
it
Credit/Debit card
data when paying in person.
Your payment
information including your credit card or bank number, expiry date,
billing address and transaction amount is collected and processed
and shared securely by electronic terminal with our service provider
(currently WorldPay) including transfer within Europe. These
transfers will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
We need your
payment information to pay for goods or services ordered. Once we
have shared this data with the service provider, we have no control
over, and are not responsible for, the third party’s use and
disclosure of your personal information.
Credit/Debit card
data when paying by phone.
Your payment
information including your credit card or bank number, expiry date,
billing address and transaction amount is collected and processed
securely in house. We then share the data with our service provider
(currently WorldPay) including transfer within Europe. These
transfers will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy.
We need your
payment information to pay for goods or services ordered. Once we
have shared this data with the service provider, we have no control
over, and are not responsible for, the third party’s use and
disclosure of your personal information.
After processing payment transactions, all card
payment receipts, invoices and statements are stored securely for as long as
legally required by law, eg for HMRC.
Some of the information above reveals your specific
identity, or is directly tied to your specific identity, such as your name
and email address. Some of this information does not reveal your specific
identity, or does not directly relate to you, such as your browser and
device information or information collected through cookies. If we ever
combine non-personally identifiable information with personally identifiable
information, the combined information will be treated by us as personally
identifying information and protected accordingly.
Our services are not directed to people under the
age of eighteen (18), and we do not knowingly collect personal information
from them.
2. Other ways we may use your information
Here are the ways we might use your
information to provide our services and serve you better content.
We and our service providers may use your information
for our legitimate business interests in providing a retail shop. Our
legitimate business interests are explained below, alongside examples of how
your information may be used for these purposes.
Purpose
Examples
Providing the
functionality of our online shop in order to manage our contractual
relationship with you through Your Account.
To send administrative
information to you, for example, information regarding our
services and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To ensure that our site
and content are optimized for your computer or device according
to your preferences and settings.
To fulfil your
specific order requests for goods or services through the online
shop. We engage in these activities to manage our contractual
relationship with you.
To allow you to order
items, to complete and fulfil your transactions with us and to
follow their progress.
To allow you to send
notes or email messages to us.
To facilitate the
social sharing functionality that you may choose to use, such as
sharing content through our social media pages or submitting
reviews via our web site, shop, Google, etc.
Accomplishing our
business purposes. We engage in these activities to manage our
contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal
obligation, because we have a legitimate interest, and/or with your
consent.
For data analysis, for
example, to improve the efficiency of our services.
For audits, to verify
that our internal processes function as intended and are
compliant with legal, regulatory, or contractual requirements.
For fraud and security
monitoring purposes, for example, to detect and prevent
cyber-attacks or attempts to commit identity theft.
For developing new
products, features and services.
For enhancing,
improving or modifying our platform.
For identifying usage
trends, for example, understanding which parts of our platform
are of most interest to users.
For determining the
effectiveness of campaigns.
For operating and
expanding our business activities, for example, understanding
which parts of our platform are of most interest to our users so
we can focus our energies on meeting our users’ interests.
For legal compliance.
In rare circumstances, we may have to use and disclose
information we have about our users in order to exercise or
protect legal rights or defend against legal claims under
applicable law.
Analysis of
personal information for business reporting and providing
personalised services. We provide personalised services either with
your consent or because we have a legitimate interest.
We may anonymise,
de-identify and/or aggregate information and use such
information to better understand and serve our users or for
optimisation of our marketing and targeting efforts. For
example, we may compile statistics like the percentage of our
users in a region or country or to analyse the performance of
particular emails.
3. The Lawful Basis on which we process your
information
We will only request, process and store data for one of the following legal
reasons:
a. Consent
- If you choose to opt in to one or more of our services eg opening a credit
account, creating an online customer account, signing up for our email news
bulletins, etc, then we will use your contact details for that purpose.
b. Contract
– If you purchase goods or services from our online shop or place an order
by phone or email or request information or a price quotation, etc, then we
will use your contact details for that purpose.
c. Legal Obligation
– We are obliged by law to keep records of certain information, eg for
Accountancy, Customs & Excise, Tax, Audits, etc. We will keep only
information which is legally required for the legally prescribed duration.
d. Vital Interests
- We are obliged by law to keep records of certain information, eg for Fraud
Prevention, Law Enforcement, Customs & Excise, Tax, etc. We will keep only
information which is legally required for the legally prescribed duration.
e. Public Task
– We are obliged by law to keep records of certain information, eg for Fraud
Prevention, Law Enforcement, Accountancy, Customs & Excise, Tax, Audits,
etc. We will keep only information which is legally required for the legally
prescribed duration.
f. Legitimate Business
Interest – We
may keep certain information for the purposes of direct mail or direct email
marketing if we feel that we are offering something which we might
reasonably expect to be of interest to you.
4. Who may receive your information
The first rule is that we do not
share your information with anyone. However, there are a few exceptions:
a. Voluntary sharing.
If you give us specific authority to
share your data, eg if you voluntarily share a story or images on our
Facebook, Instagram, Twitter or other social media. We may choose to share
or re-post such items if we think it will be of interest to our followers.
By submitting data in this public way, you are actively giving us consent to
use and share the information with our followers.
All information you post on our
platforms (such as stories, questions, images, videos, etc) will be
visible to other users. If you choose to send messages or connect with
others through our platform, you disclose your personal information to
the recipient of your message. Such posts will be subject to the Terms &
Conditions and Privacy Policy of the platform provider.
If we use or re-post any of
your original images which you submit on any of our sites, we will
endeavour to include your name it is standard practice to credit the
photographer. If you do not want your information shared with other
social media users or with your social media account provider, please do
not post on our social media accounts.
You may voluntarily share
information on message boards, chats, profile pages, blogs, and other
services to which you are able to post information and materials
(including other social media platforms). Please note that any
information you post or disclose through these services will become
public information, and may be available to other service users, social
media platform users and to the general public. We urge you to be very
careful when deciding to disclose any information about yourself via the
social sharing features of our platform.
c. Our business partners
We need to share your information with third parties
for the following purposes:
Our card payment service. We
need to share your card details with them in order to complete your
transaction to purchase goods or services.
Delivery services. We need to
share your name and address with delivery companies eg Royal Mail,
Parcelforce, etc so that they can deliver your ordered goods.
d. Legal & administrative obligations
We may use and disclose your personal information as
necessary or appropriate, especially when we have a legal obligation or
legitimate interest to do so:
Fraud prevention: We may use
and disclose the information we collect from and about our users as we
believe necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected
illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety, privacy,
rights, or property of us, our users, or others.
Law enforcement purposes: If
requested or required by government authorities such as law enforcement
authorities, courts, regulators, or otherwise to comply with the law
(which may include laws outside your country of residence), we may have
to disclose information we have about our users. We also may use and
disclose information collected about you in order to exercise or protect
legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Tax, Customs & Excise,
Accounting, Audits, etc. We have to keep some data in the form of our
accounts. This will be minimised and/or anonymised and only kept whilst
required by law.
Sale or merger of our company:
We have no plans to sell our business. In this unlikely event, we may
use, disclose, or transfer your personal information to a third party if
we or any of our company affiliates are involved in a corporate
restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of assets,
including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
5. Your privacy choices
If you have set up an online account
with our GB Audio Shop, you can amend your privacy settings or opt out of
our services at any time by changing your preferences or subscriptions on
the Shop web site. If you have an offline account with GB Audio, you can
amend your data, privacy settings or opt out of our services at any time by
telephone or email. You can ask us for the information we have about your
account and even ask us to delete it all. In summary, you have:
•
Access to your data
•
The right to have information erased
•
The right to have inaccuracies corrected
•
The right to object to
or restrict processing
a. Account & email settings
When you create or sign in to an existing account, a
user profile page is created for you. You can change your Privacy settings
by logging in to your account at
http://gbaudioshop.co.uk/login.php and clicking on “My Account” or
“email notifications” and selecting your preferences.
We make a point of not sending out lots of email
offers or news. Customers can generally find all the information they need
about our products and services from our website. We may occasionally email
you if you have consented to receive email from us when there is something
we believe will be of interest to you. If you no longer want to receive such
emails from GB Audio, you may opt out of receiving these by following the
instructions contained in any such email or by phoning us or be mail. We
will comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable,
typically within 30 days. This timescale allows us to ensure that we are
able to deal with queries from you and communicate delivery information to
you until you receive your order. Please
note that if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we
may still send you important administrative messages (such as updates about
your account or service changes), from which you cannot opt out unless you
close your account with GB Audio.
b. Accessing or deleting your information
If you would like to request to review, correct,
update, suppress, or delete personal information that has been previously
provided to us by you, you may log in to your account, click on “My Account”
and update your profile information.
You can also contact us by email or mail and ask us to
specify what personal information we have about you and to delete certain
personal information about you from our records, or request to receive an
electronic copy of your personal information for purposes of transmitting it
to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided
to you by applicable law). Please let us know what information you would
like us to remove from our databases or otherwise let us know what
limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the
personal information associated with the particular email address that you
use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before
implementing your request. We will respond to your requests consistent with
applicable law, and we aim to comply with your request as soon as
reasonably practicable, typically within 30 days.
Please note that we may need to retain certain
information for record keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions
that you began prior to your request. There may also be residual information
that will remain within our databases and other records, but such residual
information will no longer be tied to your identity. For example, anonymised
statistics.
c. Social media
You can edit or remove the permissions you have
granted to GB Audio to use information from your social media accounts by
using your application privacy settings on your social media account
d. Third-party analytics companies & Cookies
We have provided details on the cookies we use. You
can choose to not accept cookies at any time by adjusting the settings on
your browser. This will not affect your experience of GBAudio.co.uk web
site, although you may find that you lose some functionality of our
GBAudioShop.co.uk web site.
6. Data retention & security
We take a lot of measures to protect
your personal information. If you suspect someone else is using your
account, let us know by phone or by contacting our
Data Security Email
We seek to use reasonable organisational, technical,
and administrative measures to protect your personal information within our
organisation from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure,
alteration and/or destruction. Unfortunately, no data transmission or
storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to
believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if
you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been
compromised), please immediately notify us using
Data Security Email
We will retain your Personal Information for as long
as needed or permitted in light of the purposes for which it was obtained.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include the length of
time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide our services to
you, our legal obligations or whether retention is advisable in light of our
legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations,
litigation or regulatory investigations).
7. Cross-border transfers
All of your data will be handled or shared (where
applicable) or stored within the European Economic Area (“EEA”).
You may be interested to know that some other
countries are recognised by the European Commission as providing an adequate
level of data protection according to EEA standards, and the full list of
these countries is available
here.
8. Third-Party Services
We’re not responsible for the privacy practices of
third parties linked to from our web site eg PayPal.
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not
responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third
parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which
our services link.  Our inclusion of a link on our services does not imply
our endorsement of the linked site or service.
9. Policy updates & contacting us
This policy may change over time.
We’ve included here our contact information on every email and on our web
sites.
We may change this Privacy Policy. The “Effective
Date” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when it was last
revised.  Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy
Policy on our platform.
We welcome questions, concerns, and feedback about
this policy. If you have any suggestions for us, feel free to let us know by
contacting our
Data Security
You can also write to the following address:
GB Audio
Unit D
51 Brunswick Road
Edinburgh
EH7 5PD
UK
GB Audio, located at the above address, is the company
responsible for collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information
under this Privacy Policy.
Because email or postal communications are not always
secure, please do not include credit card or other sensitive information in
your emails or letters to us.
Online Resources - Information Library, Dr. Know's
Audio Clinic, Data Sheets and Customer Support
Currently, all GB Audio online and correspondence based resources are fully
available and free to GB Audio Web customers and visitors to the site.
Terms & Conditions
Customers are advised to check our Terms
& Conditions before entering into any hire, sale, lease or
other arrangements.
top /
Home /
Dry Hire /
System Hire /
Sales /
Accessories /
A-Z /
Installation /
News /
Reference Library /
Clinic /
Contact