http://www.tuthillplastics.com/legal/cookies/
Impact Molding Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Williams Plastics LLC d/b/a Impact Molding Shelbyville and Indiana Plastics LLC d/b/a Impact Molding Elkhart (collectively “Impact Molding”) treats customer personal information on the website https://www.impactmolding.com, where this Privacy Policy is located.
By using this website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Impact Molding collects information from you and about you. This may include:
Contact Information. For example, we may collect your name, mailing address, email address and telephone number, including your mobile phone number.
Device Information. For example, we may collect the type of device you use to access our Platforms. It may also include your device identification number, IP address or mobile operating system.
Other Information. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using, how long you stay on our webpage and what links you click on. We may look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
Impact Molding collects information in different ways.
Directly From You. For example, when you:
Contact us.
Permit internet cookies.
Passively. For example, when you:
Visit and navigate Impact Molding’s website.
Click on hyperlinks.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
Examples of how we may use your information include:
To Provide Our Products and Services. This could include fulfilling your requests for products or services including processing purchases.
To Improve Our Products, Services and Website. We may use your information to make our website better. We may also use your information to customize your experience with us.
To Understand Your Interests. For example, we may use your information to better understand what products interest you.
To Respond to Your Requests or Questions. This may include responding to your customer feedback.
To Communicate with You. We may communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may also contact you about this Privacy Policy or our Terms & Conditions.
For Marketing Purposes. We may provide you with information about new products and special offers. We may use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. We may tell you about new features or updates. For more information about your choices related to these communications, see the Choices section below.
For Security Purposes. This could include protecting our company and our customers. It may also include protecting our website.
As Otherwise Permitted By Law or As We May Notify You
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information in the following ways:
Internally. We may share your information within companies that are affiliates of Impact Molding.
With Companies and Services Conducting Analysis of Our Data or Information. For example, Impact Molding may engage companies or services to analyze data or information that we collect or maintain.
With Any Successors to All or Part of Our Business. For example, if Impact Molding merges with, acquires or is acquired by another business entity. This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control.
To Comply with the Law or To Protect Ourselves. For example, this could include responding to a court order or subpoena. It could also include sharing information if a government agency or investigatory body requests. We may share information when we are investigating a potential fraud.
For Other Reasons We May Describe to You.
CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You have certain choices about how we use your information.
Marketing Lists:
To be removed from our marketing mailing lists:
Send your request, including your full name, to:
Impact Molding LLC
Attn: General Counsel
1501 Oakton St.
Elk Grove Village, Illinois
Email websiteinquiry@impactmolding.com with the subject line “Marketing List Removal” and your request, including your full name, in the body of the email.
Opting out of Automatic Collection of Information
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website:
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
From Our "Cookie Consent" notice banner
Or from Our "CCPA Opt-out" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, you will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices:
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA)
Your Rights under the CCPA
Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, you have the following rights regarding Personal Information (information, subject to scope and limitations of the CCPA, that identifies a particular person or household, or is or could be linked to a particular person or household):
The right to notice.
You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Information are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Information is being used.
The right to access / the right to request.
The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.
The right to say no to the sale of Personal Information.
You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Information to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The right to know about Your Personal Information.
You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
The categories of Personal Information collected
The sources from which the Personal Information was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal Information
Categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about You
The right to delete Personal Information.
You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Information that have been collected in the past 12 months.
The right not to be discriminated against.
You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer's rights, including by:
Denying goods or services to You
Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to You
Suggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
To exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, you can email or call us or visit our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" section or web page.
The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and with prior notice.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell personal information. However, the Service Providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that "sells" personal information as defined by the CCPA.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below. Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Website
You can opt out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our Service Providers by following our instructions presented on the Service:
From Our "Cookie Consent" notice banner
Or from Our "CCPA Opt-out" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" notice banner
Or from Our "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link
The opt out will place a cookie on Your computer that is unique to the browser You use to opt out. If you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, you will need to opt out again.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"Opt out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" on Android devices
"Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
Our website where this Privacy Policy is located is meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable data from persons under the age of 18, and strive to comply with the provisions of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act). If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 18 has provided us with information, please contact us at websiteinquiry@impactmolding.com, with the subject “COPPA Information Request.”
Please identify all information you believe your child provided to us and the approximate timeframe when such information may have been provided.
SECURITY
The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. We use reasonable means to safeguard personal information under our control.
STORAGE OF INFORMATION
Information we maintain may be stored in the United States. This site is subject to U.S. laws, which may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. This website is not meant for use by persons located outside of the United States including residents of the European Union.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you wish to contact us to update your information, or if you have questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact by email at websiteinquiry@impactmolding.com.
You may also write to us at the following address:
Impact Molding LLC
Attn: General Counsel
1501 Oakton St.
Elk Grove Village, IL
CHANGES IN POLICY
From time to time, we may change our Policy. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our website periodically for updates.
Impact Molding—where your plastic innovations take shape.