https://www.itsagrind.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Retail Food Group – US. (“It’s A Grind”) is concerned about privacy on the Web. As such, we have created this Privacy Policy to let you know how It’s A Grind collects, uses and safeguards the information that is collected and used on itsagrind.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy works in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of Use but does not modify or supersede them.
It’s A Grind Collection of Your Information
In the course of using the Site, It’s A Grind will ask you for your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information and/or other registration information. It’s A Grind also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, FireFox, Chrome, Safari), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., ATT, COX, TimeWarner), aggregate data about the number of visits to the site and/or aggregate data about the pages visited.
How It’s A Grind Uses the Information
It’s A Grind uses the non-personally identifiable information (“Aggregate Data”) to improve the design and content of the Site. It’s A Grind may use the Aggregate Data to analyse site usage as well as create products and services to fit your needs. Also, It’s A Grind may share this Aggregate Data with It’s A Grind sponsors, advertisers and other third-party vendors. It’s A Grind shall own such Aggregate Data and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
Except as otherwise indicated, It’s A Grind uses the personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you provide: (a) to fulfil your requests for our products and services and those of our sponsors and business affiliates and to respond to your inquiries about our offerings; (b) to communicate with you and to assist you with any questions you have about an order you have placed for products and services; (c) to cooperate with government officials or parties in litigation under process of law, or as otherwise required by law; (d) to protect the security or integrity of the site; (e) to protect against a threat of safety or destruction of property; and/or (f) to protect against legal liability. In all cases, however, It’s A Grind agents, employees and contractors who have access to Personal Information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. It’s A Grind will not use the Personal Information, except as set forth herein, without your permission; provided, however, It’s A Grind shall own all such Personal Information and maintain copies of such as part of its records.
It’s A Grind may use the Personal Information that it collects to offer you other products or services that It’s A Grind believes may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive any such information or to allow It’s A Grind the right to use your Personal Information as described in this paragraph, please contact It’s A Grind in the manner identified in the “Opt-Out” section below. The Aggregate Information and Personal Information may be transferred, distributed or sold as part of It’s A Grind or its assets.
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the Personal Information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Personal Information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which It’s A Grind or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
How to Contact It’s A Grind to Opt-Out
You may choose not to receive such information and/or to allow It’s A Grind to use your information in the manner described above by simply notifying It’s A Grind directly at CustomerService@itsagrind.com. Upon receipt and processing of an “opt out” request, It’s A Grind will, within a commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any future marketing communications.
Security. No Liability
It’s A Grind has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of confidential information under its control. Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on the Site, and It’s A Grind and its third party licensors are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. Furthermore, the Site contains links to other sites. It’s A Grind is not responsible for, nor can It’s A Grind ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorised third party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of data sent from a Web server to a Web browser that enable a Web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. It’s A Grind may use Cookies in order to identify you to the Site so that It’s A Grind can provide more customised information and services to you. In addition, the Site may contain advertisements that may contain Cookies. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of Cookies by reviewing your browser’s preferences and options.
Modification of Privacy Policy
It’s A Grind may change this Privacy Policy at any time, consistent with the terms set forth in the Terms and Conditions of Use, including by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued viewing of or use of the Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
How to Contact It’s A Grind for Any Reason
You may contact It’s A Grind with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, updating any Personal Information or anything else related to It’s A Grind and/or the Site at CustomerService@itsagrind.com.
Security
Your purchases at itsagrind.com are safe. Our site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. We make use of appropriate commercially available software to encrypt order information.