http://www.easycopiers.net/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Last revised January 2020 © InReach Group Limited. 2020. All rights reserved.
IntroductionThis is the official website of InReach Group. Our website is intended to provide information about InReach Group. By using this website you are accepting the following terms and conditions – please read them carefully. If you do not wish to accept these terms and conditions, do not use this site. InReach Group reserve the right to amend the content of this website at any time.
Accessing our websiteWhile we have taken every care in the preparation of the content of our site, we cannot guarantee uninterrupted and totally reliable access to it. We cannot, therefore, guarantee that the information will always be up to date and free of errors. We accept no responsibility for your inability to access our site arising out of circumstances beyond our reasonable control, as access to our website is dependent upon the availability of the worldwide web. From time to time, our site may contain links to and from third party websites. If you follow a link, please note that these sites have their own privacy policies and will be subject to separate terms and conditions and we do not accept responsibility or liability for these sites.
Unauthorised use of our website
Submit any information that is obscene, threatening, hateful or abusiveEnter any but not limited to; CGI scripts, images, HTML code or any other part of this site is strictly prohibitedProhibited from interfering with the site service including flooding, mailing, hacking, crashing or amending site contentDo not direct or redirect our website and related material through any unsolicited emails to this site
Warranty DisclaimerAll information and images contained on this website are believed to be truthful and accurate. Commentary and other materials posted on our website are provided for general information purposes only and are not intended to be relied upon by you unless confirmed by InReach Group in writing. We do not warrant, guarantee or represent that material downloaded and/or accessed via or from our website will be free of viruses and you should operate the most up-to-date virus protection software at all times.
CopyrightWork originated by us from graphics, images, logos, and data to HTML code belongs to InReach Group. Reproduction, adaptation or modification of all or any part of these contents are strictly prohibited without written permission of InReach Group. All materials published are owned by or are licensed to us.
SubmissionsWhere you are invited to submit any contribution to this site such as ‘blog’ you are by submission to grant InReach Group a license to use and create any derivative works for any purpose. Do not submit any contributions to our site if you do not wish to grant such rights.
PrivacyWe may collect information about you when you request any information about us or our services, or submit your personal details and/or complete any forms on this website. Any information or data which you may provide to InReach Group at any time will be treated as confidential and will not be traded, sold, or rented to a third party but all information is provided at your own risk as we cannot ensure the security of your data transmitted to our site. This information may include contact details, completing application forms for job vacancies or requesting further information about our services. This information will only be disclosed as may be required by English law.
Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your computer used to identify you, including your IP address, operating system and browser type. We may use cookies to track areas of the site that you have visited as well as to automate certain functions of the website and provide you with information about your account. InReach Group may use this information to contact you or your company from time to time about services that may be of interest or to process any application submitted by you in connection with a job vacancy (we may keep details of applications for the purpose of vetting future applications). If you wish your details to be removed from our information store, please contact us by telephone, email or letter.
LawThese Terms and Conditions and all other express terms herein contained shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England.
Your concernsIf you have any questions about material which appears on our website please contact: enquiries@inreachgroup.co.uk or call 0330 053 8180.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read our Privacy Policy to learn more. Accept Manage CookiesPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.