http://www.nu-heat.co.uk/privacy-cookies/
Skip to content
Home > Privacy policy & cookies
Nu-Heat is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Nu-Heat may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 5 April 2018.
Nu-Heat UK Limited (company number: 03131852, registered address: Heathpark House Devonshire Road, Heathpark Industrial Estate, Honiton, Devon, EX14 1SD) is registered as a data controller with the Office of the Information Commissioner under reference Z6936882.
Our nominated representative for the purpose of data protection can be contacted via compliance@nu-heat.co.uk
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Information that you provide to us, including name, job title, email address, phone number, address and financial and credit card information.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information obtained by us from third parties that may help us provide our products and services i.e. providers of hosting, development, technical and payment services.
To the extent that any information collected about you constitutes personal data under applicable data protection laws, we will process this in accordance with such laws.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contacts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those you have already purchased or enquired about.
To provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about products or services we feel may interest you. If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this. If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please contact our nominated representative.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests. If you do not want us to use your data in this way please contact our nominated representative.
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others. We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we will provide them with aggregate information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience;
analytics and search engine providers, including Google Analytics, that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site;
credit reference agencies for the purpose of assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering into a contract with you.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
If Nu-Heat or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to participate in the activities of any industry body; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Nu-Heat, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We will keep your personal information for a minimum of 7 years or after the purpose for which it was collected is completed.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Nu-Heat neoApp
The Nu-Heat neoApp is developed and managed by Heatmiser UK. Nu-Heat does not collect or store any information submitted via the neoApp. Click here to view the Heatmiser Neo Privacy Policy
Controlling your personal information
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that allows you to opt in to email marketing communications.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@nu-heat.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Where will we store your personal data?
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination inside or outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating inside or outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support or hosting services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and/or processing. We will take such steps as we consider reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers and any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. You are responsible for keeping your account details confidential.
Your rights
You can request a copy of your information which we hold (this is known as a subject access request). If you would like a copy of some or all of it, please:
email, call or write to our nominated representative using the details above;
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill);
if you request is made prior to 25 May 2018 a fee of £10, if the request is made after 25 May 2018 no fee will be payable, and
let us know the information you want a copy of, including any account or reference numbers, if you have them.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting our nominated representative.
If we no longer have a legal basis to process your personal data or if the legal basis that we are relying on is consent and you subsequently withdraw your consent then we will stop processing your personal data. If you inform us that you no longer wish to be contacted by us we will need to maintain a record of that to make sure that we do not contact you again in the future.
You have the right to contact us to correct any inaccuracies in your personal data. Under certain circumstances you may have the right to instruct us to erase your personal data or provide the data to another organisation.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to our nominated representative.
Please contact us if you have any concerns with the way in which your data is processed. If you are not happy with the way we process your data you have the right to contact the Information Commissioner.
Cookies
In common with almost all other websites, this website uses cookies to help provide you with the best possible experience. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies help us to:
Make our website work as you would expect
Save you having to login every time you visit the site
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks such as Twitter
Continuously improve our website for your benefit
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at a competitive price)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
More about our cookies
We use essential cookies to make our website work including:
Making the shopping basket and checkout work
Determining if you are logged in or not
Remembering your search settings
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies
Nu-Heat uses cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology is being used (e.g. Mac or Windows, which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, which pages are looked at, etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website.
These “analytics” programs also tell us, on an anonymous basis, how the site is reached (e.g. from a search engine) and whether the person has visited before helping us to put more money into developing the right areas of our customer service.
Remarketing
We use the “remarketing” feature in Google Adwords to display online adverts on third-party websites that have partnered with the Google Display Network. Google uses cookies to see if the user has previously visited the Nu-Heat website and serves relevant adverts through their network.
You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.
The cookies used
Cookie
Set by
Purpose
JSESSIONID
Netsuite
Shopping cart/CRM cookie – remembers things such as cart contents, login details, promotional codes and previously purchased items.
NLShopperID
Netsuite
NS_VER
Netsuite
stickytags
Netsuite
StoreEmail
Netsuite
NLVisitorId
Netsuite
__utma
Google Analytics
Continuously improve our website for you and ensure that you see recieve content that is both informative and relevant.
__utmb
Google Analytics
__utmc
Google Analytics
__utmz
Google Analytics
Netsuite is the provider of our CRM
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on the software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use the cookies from this site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so is likely to mean that the site will not work as you would expect.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings. However, doing so is likely to limit the functionality of this and a large proportion of the world’s websites as the use of cookies is widespread, standard practice.
To find out how to turn-off cookies in most modern browsers please visit the links below:
Internet Explorer: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
Chrome: http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en-GB&answer=95647
Safari:
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac (or https://support.apple.com/en-gb/HT201265 for mobile versions)
Firefox: http://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/
Enabling%20and%20disabling%20cookies
Android:
http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=169022
Opera:
http://www.opera.com/browser/tutorials/security/privacy/
We would love to speak with you to discuss your project – upload your plans for a free quote.
Contact us today
Get a bespoke quote
We use cookies. Read more about them in our Privacy Policy.
Accept