http://www.wordsbywendy.ca/privacy-policy/
Welcome to Words by Wendy
Sitemap
Contact
403-816-6255
Home
Meet Wendy
Services
Packages
Resources
Portfolio
Contact
Blog
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy. The following describes how the personal information we collect from you in connection with our business relationship will be handled, and your rights to limit use of that information.
Words By Wendy collects personal information by reasonable, lawfully permitted means and we limit the collection, use and disclosure of personal information to that which is reasonably necessary for the purposes identified. We will not use or disclose personal information for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as required by law.
We reserve the right to revise this policy from time to time and will publish revisions at our earliest reasonable convenience.
In order to provide high quality services and to manage our relationships with our existing and potential clients and subscribers, we collect a range of personal and business information.   This information is used only for the purpose for which it was given.
Consistent with privacy principles and applicable legislation, and where reasonably possible we only collect, use or disclose personal information with the express consent from the individual. Under the applicable principles and legislation, consent may be obtained in writing or orally, expressly, impliedly or by not opting out. We will be careful to select a fair and reasonable form for the consent required in the circumstances.
Words By Wendy may retain third parties to help promote, implement and administer services. We will disclose to these third parties the personal and business information they need to perform their obligations.
Words By Wendy will make every reasonable effort to ensure that the personal information we obtain from you will be maintained as accurately and completely as necessary for its purpose. Your personal information will be verified in our records and updated if necessary each time you notify us of a change, and as practical during the course of our business relationship with you. It is your responsibility to notify us immediately of any change in personal information which you have previously supplied to us.
Upon your written and reasonable request, your personal information will be erased from our records. Removal of your personal information from our records may affect our ability to provide you with our services.
You can request additional information or request access to your personal information maintained by Words By Wendy at any time. We will respond to your request within 45 days. There may be a small charge for each request. If charges apply, we will notify you in writing and seek your approval of the charges prior to processing your request. Likewise, if you feel we have not complied with these principles or practices, you may request that we correct or remedy such non-compliance and we will respond to your complaint promptly once we have had an opportunity to complete an investigation. The contact information for the responsible person and office to whom you may address any queries or complaints is as follows:
Chief Privacy Officer
Words By Wendy
444 Douglas Glen Close SE
Calgary Alberta
T2Z 3A4
Canada
Contact Wendy!
[contact-form 2 "support form"]
Testimonials“If you need any copy written … Wendy is the go to girl! Wendy is very personable and is consistent in the delivery of her work. She does a fabulous job in making you sound professional and delivers you your copy back in a timely manner. I would highly recommend her services.”Yvonne BastenBeacon Literacy Read more››
Recent Posts
SEO Copywriting
How to Properly Brief Your Web Builder
Every Sale Has Five Basic Obstacles
Why You Should Be Writing Articles to Grow Your Business
Why Pre-Writing Your Blog Posts Is Good For Your Sanity
Quick Links
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Recent Tweets
Contact Wendy
403-816-6255
wendy@wordsbywendy.ca
Copyright © Words By Wendy
Designed by: Managed Services Marketing