https://www.noven.com/privacy-policy/
Online Privacy Policy
Welcome to Noven.com, a web site owned by Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Noven, our, or we).
This Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding collection, management, use, and disclosure of information that you may voluntarily provide to this site or to us through an electronic or mobile device such as a cell phone or tablet (collectively, mobile device). Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy before using or submitting information to this site or through a mobile device. This site is intended for use by residents of the United States. Personal information provided through mail, email, phone call, text message, social media, or otherwise (other than through a Noven web site) is also protected under this Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using this site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.  Whenever you submit information to this site, through a mobile device, or otherwise, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our sites and please do not submit any personal information to us through a mobile device or otherwise.
About Children
This site is not intended for children under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information via this site from visitors in this age group.  We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose to websites.
Information You Provide and Personally Identifiable Information
You can view most of our content anonymously.  Should you be interested in additional or customized information, some areas of this site may ask you to submit personally identifiable information, treatment information, or demographic information so you can benefit from the specified features (such as newsletter subscriptions or other informative resources, including about Noven products) or to participate in a specific marketing activity (such as promotions, including coupons).  In such an instance, you will be informed about what information is required and what information is optional at the point of collection.  Personally identifiable information is information that can be uniquely identified with you such as your full name, address, email address, phone number, etc.  Please do not submit any personal information if you do not want it to be collected.  You do not have to provide any personally identifiable information to us to use this site.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through this site, certain anonymous information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies, such as cookies, Internet tags or web beacons, and navigational data collection (log files, server logs, clickstream).  Your Internet browser automatically transmits to this site some of this anonymous information, such as the URL of the website you just came from and the Internet Protocol (IP) address and the browser version your computer is currently using.  If using a mobile device, we may collect information about your mobile device, such as the unique device identifier.
This site may use and combine such passively collected anonymous information to provide better service to site visitors, customize the site based on your preferences, compile and analyze statistics and trends, and otherwise administer and improve the site for your use.  Such information is not combined with personally identifiable information collected elsewhere on the site unless you have consented.
A "cookie" is a bit of information that a website sends to your Web browser that helps the site remember information about you and your preferences.  If you desire, you can set your browser to accept all cookies, to reject all cookies, or to notify you whenever a cookie is offered so that you can decide each time whether to accept it.  If you set your browser to refuse cookies altogether, certain features of this site might not work without cookies.  To learn more about cookies and how to specify your preferences, please search for "cookie" in the "Help" portion of your browser.
So that we may better customize our service to you, from time to time, we may contract with third parties to place cookies on your computer.  For example, we may use an outside advertising company to display ads on our site or across the Internet.  These ads may contain cookies, which are collected by our advertising company to change which ad you see.  Additionally, some third party companies, such as owners of the website links we may provide for your convenience, may use cookies to track your activities once you leave Noven's website.  Noven is not responsible for the policies of any third party sites.
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet and is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer).  The IP address can be used to diagnose problems with a server, report aggregate information, determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to a site, and administer and improve the site.
"Internet tags" (also known as single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, and 1-by-1 GIFs) are smaller than cookies and tell the website server information such as the IP address and browser type related to the visitor's computer.  Tags may be placed both on online advertisements that bring people to the site and on different pages of the site.  Such tags indicate how many times a page is opened and which information is consulted.
"Navigational data" (log files, server logs, and clickstream data) are used for system management, to improve the content of the site, market research purposes, and to communicate information to visitors.
Use and Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise stated, we may use information collected via this site, through a mobile device, or otherwise, to improve the content of our site, to customize the site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for our marketing and research purposes, and for any other purpose specified in this Privacy Policy.  In addition, we may make full use of all information acquired through this site that is not in personally identifiable form.  If you provide personally identifiable information to this site, we may combine such information with other actively collected information unless we specify otherwise at the point of collection.
Noven will not sell or rent the personally identifiable information we collect via this site, through a mobile device, or otherwise to a third party.  We may disclose personally identifiable information you provide via this site, through a mobile device, or otherwise to other Noven affiliates worldwide that agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it for the same purposes.  We also may disclose personally identifiable information you provide via this site to third parties that are not Noven affiliates, but only:
1. to contractors Noven uses to support our business (such as fulfillment services, technical support, and delivery services), in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it consistent with this Privacy Policy and use it only for the same purposes;
2. in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this site to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy and use it only for the same purposes;
3. to respond to law enforcement requests or where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations;
4. to comply with legal requirements or to establish or exercise our legal rights to defend against legal claims; or
5. when we believe it is necessary to share information to assist in an investigation regarding, or to prevent, illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats to the safety of any person.
Access and Correction
To keep your personally identifiable information that you provide to this site accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as explained below and we will take reasonable steps to update or correct such information in our possession, or to delete your information from our contact list.
Security
Noven takes reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information as you transmit it to our site and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.  You should know and consider that no Internet or mobile device transmission, including text messages, is ever completely secure or error-free.  In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure.
Links to Other Websites
This site may contain links or references to other websites to which this Online Privacy Policy does not apply. We encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.
How to Contact Us or Opt Out
If you decide you no longer wish to receive communications from us, you may opt out at any time by emailing privacypolicy@noven.com or using the contact information below.  If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, please contact us as follows:
privacypolicy@noven.com
or
Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
Attn:  Privacy Policy
11960 SW 144th Street
Miami, FL 33186
Changes to This Online Privacy Policy
Noven reserves the right to modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at its discretion and without prior notification.  Of course though, any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this site.  Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information.  This Online Privacy Policy was last updated August 2015.
You are about to leave Noven.com to:
Link Placeholder
Please be advised that Noven has no control over the content or presentation of the site you are about to view. Click the "Continue" button to proceed.
To return to Noven.com, click "Cancel" or close this window.
Continue
Cancel
Privacy Policy
For U.S. Audience Only
©1999-2020 Noven Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
All rights reserved.