https://www.unitedbrightbar.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Array
(
[pb_b_s_bi] => https://www.unitedbrightbar.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/ubb_banner-1.jpg
[pb_b_s_h] => Privacy Policy
[pb_b_s_c] =>
[pb_b_s_b] =>
)
Introduction
We are United Bright Bar Company Limited. This privacy notice is to let you know how we promise to look after your personal data. This notice explains how we do this and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
If you have any questions or want more details about how we use your personal data, please let us know.
What Personal Information do we collect?
Communications
What we learn about you from letters, email, and conversations between us.
Usage of data
Other data about how you use our products and services.
Documentary data
Details about you that are stored in documents in different formats, or copies of them.
What types of personal data do we use?
We use many types of personal data, and group them together like this.
Data we collect when you use our products and services:
Payment and transaction data
When you purchase or use our products and services
When you talk to us on the phone
When you use our websites
In emails and letters
Through the recruitment process
Who do we share your data with?
We may share your personal data with these organisations:
Regulators and other competent authorities
Fraud prevention agencies
Companies you ask us to share your data with
How do we use your data?
Data Protection law says that we can use personal data only if we have a proper reason to do so. This includes sharing it outside United Bright Bar Company Limited. The law says we must have one or more of these reasons:
To fulfil a contract we have with you
When it’s our legal duty
When it’s in our legitimate interest
When you consent to it
A legitimate interest is when we have a legitimate business or commercial reason to use your information. But even then, it must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you. If we rely on our legitimate interest, we will tell you what that is.
Below is a list of all the ways that we may use your personal data, and which of the reasons we rely on to do so. Our legitimate interests are also below.
Serving Our Customers
What we use your personal data for:
To deliver our products and services
To manage our relationship with your business
To develop new ways to meet our customers’ needs and to grow our business
Our reasons:
Your consent
Fulfilling contracts
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Our legitimate interests:
Keeping our records up to date
Working out which of our products and services may interest you and telling you about them
Developing products and services, and what we charge for them
Defining types of customers for new products and services
Seeking your consent when we need it to contact you
Operating our business effectively
What we use your personal data for:
To run our business in an efficient and proper way. This includes managing our business capability, financial position, communications, corporate governance, planning and audit.
Our reasons:
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Our legitimate interests:
Complying with regulations that apply to us
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties
Developing our products and services
What we use your personal data for:
To develop and manage our products and services
To find people who might benefit from using our products and services
To manage how we work with other companies that provide products and services to us and our customers.
Our reasons:
Fulfilling contracts
Our legitimate interests
Our legal duty
Our legitimate interests:
Developing products and services, and what we charge for them
Defining types of customers for new products and services
Complying with regulations that apply to us
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties
What happens if we send your data outside of the EEA?
We will only send your data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) to:
Comply with a legal duty
Provide our products and services
If we do transfer information outside of the EEA, we will make sure that it is protected in the same way as if it was being used in the EEA. To do this, we will use one or more of these safeguards:
Only transfer it to a non-EEA country with privacy laws that give the same protection as the EEA, as deemed by the European Commission
Ensure that a contract with the recipient is in place that means they must protect it to the same standards as the EEA
Transfer it to organisations that are part of Privacy Shield. This is a framework that sets privacy standards for data sent between the US and EU countries.
What happens if you choose not to give us your personal data?
We may need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you.
If you choose not to give us this personal data, it may delay or prevent us providing our products or services to you.
Sometimes we might ask for information that is useful for us to know but is not required by law or contract. When this is the case, we will make this clear by marking it as optional. You do not have to provide these extra bits of information, and your choice will not prevent us providing you with our products or services.
How long will we keep your personal data?
We will keep your personal data for as long as you are a customer of United Bright Bar Company Limited. The points below show how long we keep which information, and our reasons why.
What data:
Sales data including transaction history and quality complaints.
For how long:
Up to six years after last contact
Our reasons:
Keeping our records up to date, analysing which of our products may interest you and telling you about them
To respond to any queries or complaints
To comply with any regulations that apply to us
Being efficient about how we fulfil our legal and contractual duties
Do you want us to share what personal data we have about you, with you?
If you want us to share what information we have about you, please let us know. See the “how to contact us” section below for all the different ways you can get in touch.
If you do want to contact us, it would be helpful for us to complete your query if you provide us with your contact details and what you would like a copy of.
Is the personal data we have about you incorrect?
You have the right to question any information we have about you that you think is wrong or incomplete. Please contact us using one of the methods in the “how to contact us” section. If you do, we will take reasonable steps to check its accuracy and correct it.
Do you want us to stop using your personal data?
You have the right to object to certain ways that we use your personal data, or to ask us to delete, remove, or stop using your personal data if there is no need for us to keep it. This is known as the “right to object” and “right to erasure”, or the “right to be forgotten”. Please note such requests may not always be possible due to legal obligations we may have to keep such records.
In some cases, there will be legitimate, legal, or other official reasons for us to keep your data. But please tell us if you think that we should not be using it.
It may be possible for us to restrict the use of your data. This means that it would only be used for certain activities, such as legal claims or to exercise legal rights. If this was to happen, we would not use or share your information in other ways while it is restricted.
You can ask us to restrict the use of your personal data if:
It is not accurate
It has been used unlawfully but you don’t want us to delete it
It’s not relevant any more, but you want us to keep it for use in legal claims
You have already asked us to stop using your data but you are waiting for us to tell you if we can keep on using it
If you want to object to how we use your data, ask us to delete it or restrict how we use it, please contact us using one of the methods in the “how to contact us” section.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or want more details about how we use your personal data, please let us know. Methods for contact are as follows:
Email: sales@unitedbrightbar.co.uk
Telephone: 01902 791010
Address: Four Ashes Industrial Estate, Station Road, Four Ashes, Wolverhampton, WV10 7DB.
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can use the relevant section of the Information Commissioner’s Office website (https://ico.org.uk/concerns/) to do this.