http://www.newstandardinstitute.com/privacy-statement/
New Standard Institute is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet and is committed to protecting your privacy on our Web sites. New Standard Institute takes reasonable precautions to keep all information obtained from our online visitors secure against unauthorized access and use and we periodically review our security measures.
What information does newstandardinstitute.com collect?
In general, you can visit newstandardinstitute.com to access information while remaining anonymous and not reveal any personal information. There are times, however, when we will ask you to provide certain information (such as your name and email address) so that we may understand your needs and make you aware of any new products and services that might interest you. Our web server may also collect the domain names of visitors to our website. We use this information to monitor the content on our website.
How will newstandardinstitute.com protect your personal information?
Forms you fill out to interact with our business units may request that you give us sensitive information such as your email address, mailing address, telephone number or a credit card number. Whenever this is the case, newstandardinstitute.com will take all commercially reasonable steps to establish a secure connection with your Web browser. For web sites that conduct electronic commerce, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and will not be disclosed to any third parties. This information is transferred over a secure connection authorized by Thawte, our SSL(Secure Socket Layers) certification partner. The first two digits, last four digits, and expiration date of the credit card account will be noted on your purchase receipt as an identifier, but New Standard Institute does not retain, memorize, or archive your full credit card information.
How to update personal information.
You can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by contacting our office (203.783.1582) or filling out our contact form to notify us of any updates to your information, such as change of company, address, email or if you would like to to be removed from our database.
Privacy Statement was last modified:
June 22nd, 2015 by Seny Riccardi
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy