http://www.soundmindinvesting.com/terms-of-use
×
Welcome to the new Sound Mind Investing!
Member Login
Username:
Password:
Forgot username or password?
Login
Home > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Copyright Information
All Information available through SoundMindInvesting.com and in the Sound Mind Investing newsletter is the property of Sound Mind Investing or its Information Providers and is protected by copyright and intellectual property laws. Copyright 1990-2020 by Sound Mind Investing. All rights are reserved.
You may not reproduce, retransmit, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast, or circulate the Information without the express written consent of Sound Mind Investing. Sharing articles using the provided social media links is permitted and does not require specific permission.
You agree that the information provided by Sound Mind Investing is for your private, non-commercial use only. Any commercial use of this information is prohibited.
Morningstar Data Disclaimer
Certain of the information contained in the Licensee Website: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar Inc. and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
You may utilize the SMI Newsletter and Website only for your own personal, non-commercial use.
You may not export the Product or Derived Data from the SMI Website or Newsletter.
You may not distribute the SMI Newsletter or Website content, other than as provided for by the included social media links.
Permission to Reprint
Excerpts of 500 words or less from SMI's articles may be reproduced with the understanding that credit is given to SoundMindInvesting.com and that a link back to the original work is provided. Otherwise, no part of this website, Sound Mind Investing newsletter, Sound Mind Investing special reports, or Sound Mind Investing mutual-fund performance rankings, may be reproduced in any fashion without the prior consent of SMI.
Monthly Memberships
Your membership, which may start with a discounted rate or free trial, will continue monthly and automatically renew unless and until you cancel your membership or we terminate it.  You authorize us to charge you a monthly membership fee at the then current rate plus applicable taxes (if you are a Kentucky resident). Cancellations can be made any time by visiting your My Account page or by contacting customer service at 877-736-3764.
Annual Memberships
Membership begins as soon as your payment is processed. You’ll be charged the annual rate stated at the time of purchase as one lump sum plus applicable taxes (if you are a Kentucky resident). Your membership will renew automatically, on your annual renewal date, until you cancel. Your renewal rate and your annual renewal date can be found under your My Account page at any time. Cancellations can be made any time by visiting your My Account page or by contacting customer service at 877-736-3764.
Refund Policy
If your Sound Mind Investing subscription doesn't live up to your expectations for any reason, you may cancel at any time to avoid further charges. Neither monthly nor annual SMI Web Memberships are refundable, in part or in whole.
Downgrading Policy
A Premium membership may be changed to Basic membership as follows. Those paying monthly may make this change at any time by calling customer service at 877-736-3764 Monday through Friday 10am - 4pm Eastern Time. Those paying annually may make this change at your next annual renewal date. As stated above, there are no refunds for annual memberships, in part or in whole.
A Basic membership may be changed to a Premium membership by visiting the My Account section. Select the My Billing tab and look for the Upgrade to Premium button.
Trademarks
Sound Mind Investing and SoundMindInvesting.com are registered trademarks of Sound Mind Investing. All other brands and names are the property of their respective owners.
Necessary Caution and Disclaimers
It should not be assumed that all investment recommendations will necessarily be profitable. The information published in SMI or on the SoundMindInvesting.com website is compiled from sources believed to be correct, but no warranty as to accuracy is made. SMI is not responsible for any errors or omissions. The counsel given herein is not a substitute for personalized legal or financial planning advice.
Neither Sound Mind Investing or nor its Information Providers can guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of any of the information on the website, including, but not limited to information originated by Sound Mind Investing, licensed by Sound Mind Investing from Information Providers, or gathered by Sound Mind Investing or from publicly available sources. There may be delays, omissions, or inaccuracies in the Information.
Neither Sound Mind Investing nor the Information Providers shall have any liability, contingent or otherwise for the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or correct sequencing of the information or for any decision made or action taken by you in reliance upon the information on SoundMindInvesting.com, or for interruption of any data, information, or any other aspect of SoundMindInvesting.com. The past performance of a mutual fund, stock, or investment strategy cannot guarantee its future performance.
Neither Sound Mind Investing nor its Information Providers make any representations about the suitability of the information, products, or services contained in SoundMindInvesting.com. All such information, products, and services are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind.
Members Forum Usage
Considering the real-time nature of the SMI Members Forum, it is impossible for us to review messages or confirm the validity of information posted. Sound Mind Investing is not responsible for any messages posted. We do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any message, and are not responsible for the contents of any message. The messages express the views of the author of the message, not necessarily the views of SMI or any entity associated with the SMI Members Forum. Any user who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to contact us by emailing us at webmaster@soundmindinvesting.com. We have the ability to remove objectionable messages and we will make every effort to do so within a reasonable time frame, if we determine that removal is necessary. This is a manual process, however, so please realize that we may not be able to remove or edit particular messages immediately.
You agree, through your use of this service, that you will not use the SMI Members Forum to post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise in violation of any law. You agree not to post any copyrighted material unless the copyrighted material is owned by you. Although we cannot review the messages posted prior to going live, and are not responsible for the content of any of these messages, we reserve the right to delete any message for any reason whatsoever. You remain solely responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless with respect to any claim based upon transmission of your message(s). We reserve the right to reveal your identity (or whatever information we know about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any message posted by you. We also reserve the right to ban your use of the SMI Members Forum if we decide you are in violation of any of the above rules.
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy