http://www.ahfcu.org/privacy-disclosures/
skip to Main Content
The privacy of our members and visitors to this site are of great importance to us. For this reason we have adopted the following Privacy Policy:
We may collect, use, and share the information on the domain you use to access our site, the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our site, and the date and time of your visit to our site. This information is used to measure the number of visitors to our various pages on our site. Our site may contain links to third parties’ web sites. These links are provided for convenience purposes only. If you choose to link such third party web sites, AHFCU makes no warranties, either expressed, implied or statutory, concerning the content of such websites. Third party websites are not under the control of AHFCU.
Personal information contained in email sent by members and non members may be used by AHFCU staff to answer questions, to follow up on suggestions or complaints, or to improve the level of service AHFCU provides. Please be advised that regular email may not be secure against interception by unauthorized individuals. Therefore, we strongly advise you to login to Online Banking, and send emails containing any account information via “Stat Chat” a secure email system. Stat Chat is scrambled with 128 bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption.
Your name and address will not be sold to any mailing lists or to any merchants. Any personal information (including names, addresses, phone numbers, account numbers, etc.) disclosed to AHFCU by way of credit union forms transmitted via a secured site will be accessed by a AHFCU staff member authorized to complete your transaction. Your personal information will be held in strict confidence except in cases of reporting to the credit bureau as required by law.
If you want to discontinue your access to this website or correct your personally identifiable information, you may send mail to the following postal address: P.O. Box 93124, Long Beach, CA 90809.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you may contact us at info@ahfcu.org.
Disclosures
Truth in Savings Disclosure
Account Privacy Notice
Fee Schedule
Mastercard Disclosure
Checking Account Overdraft Disclosure
Debit/ATM Card Overdraft Disclosure
Courtesy Pay Authorization Form
Skip-a-Pay Application
Credit Card Disclosure
Accessibility Disclosure
In order to open and review the disclosures Adobe PDF viewer is required. To download your copy please visit http://get.adobe.com/reader/
© Copyright - Allied Healthcare Federal Credit Union - All Rights Reserved 2020
This website, www.ahfcu.org, is committed to ensuring digital accessibility. We continue to make changes to improve the user experience for everyone and apply the relevant accessibility standards based on the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (WCAG) defined requirements. If you experience trouble accessing this website or would like to share feedback, please email us at membercare@ahfcu.org.
Routing # 322276868NMLS: 808282
Security &squf Privacy & Disclosures &squf Career Opportunities