http://www.point-one.com/main/company/policies.html
PointOneGRAPHICS INC
ABOUT POINTONE
Corporate Video
PointOne Difference
Our People
Online Job Management
Policies
Contact
Newsletter
SERVICES
Prepress
Production
Finishing
Delivery
ACCOUNT
Login
Registration
Credit Application
Reseller Application
SUPPORT
Colour Profiles
Site Map
Help Desk
Returns
QUICK LOGIN:
Login
Register Now
Forgotten Password
Currency
select one
Canadian DollarsUS Dollars
Did you know?
"We shop the globe for technology, equipment and paper to ensure we're offering clients the very best in service and value."
ABOUT POINTONE
Policies
At
PointOne, we ensure the privacy and security of all information exchanged via
our web site. Any personal information will be treated with the highest standards
of safety, security, and confidentiality.
Privacy
At PointOne, we are committed to ensuring your privacy as a client. You can
be confident that we do not sell or exchange names, or any other information
about our clients with third parties.
Billing
First-time and non-credit account orders may be subject to a downpayment with
the outstanding balance due upon receipt. Initial payments can be made via credit
card or you may send a cheque to your PointOne representative prior to the production
of your order.
Clients requiring credit may apply via our on-line credit application.
Terms are available to clients on approved credit.
Security
All confidential information transmitted via www.point-one.com is encrypted using
SSL technology, so you can be assured that all of your information is protected.
With SSL implemented on both the client and the server, information sent via
the Internet can be trusted to arrive privately and unaltered to our server
only. In order for SSL security to work, you must use an SSL-enabled browser.
Copyrights and Copyright Agent
All information contained in this site is a copyright of PointOne Graphics unless
otherwise indicated. Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute any information
contained in this site without prior written consent is strictly prohibited.
Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of the information contained in this
site, or any portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties,
and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law.