https://www.indexers.org.uk/privacy/
News | Events
Search for:
About Us
Aims and objectives
Governance and management
Who’s who? EB and office holders
Governing documents
Code of Professional Conduct
Privacy Policy
Membership
Benefits of membership
Membership grades
How to join
Join Us
Local groups
History
Awards
The Bernard Levin Award
The Betty Moys Award
The Carey Award
Wheatley Medal
Henry Benjamin Wheatley
About Indexing
About indexing
Indexing and electronic publishing
Information for publishers
In-house workshop: Indexing for editors
Children’s books
Authors and indexes
A career in indexing
Find an Indexer
Commissioning an index
Indexing fees
SI Directory of Professional Indexers
Training & Development
Indexing qualifications
Training course
Course overview/features
Membership and Accreditation
English proficiency
Module content
Additional Course Components
Prices and ordering
Study, Tests and Assignments
A career in indexing
Accreditation: experience route
Information
Accreditation: experience route – Application
Conferences
Conference 2020: ‘New Decade, New Directions’
Workshops
Online workshops
Active indexing: creating indexes for eBooks
Embedded Indexing In MS Word
How to edit an index: creating order out of chaos
Indexing basics
Indexing for editors
Writing index entries: finding the words
Workshop topics
Workshops for local groups
Non-SI workshops
Resources
Information leaflets
SI publications
Online shop
The Indexer
SIdelights: the SI newsletter
Books on indexing
Other indexing societies
Contact
Register
Log In
Home » Privacy
Privacy
In order to operate effectively and fulfil its legal obligations, the Society of Indexers (SI)  needs to collect, maintain and use certain personal information about current and past members and other individuals with whom it has dealings. All such personal information, whether held on computer, paper or other media, will be obtained, handled, processed, transported and stored lawfully and correctly, in accordance with the safeguards contained in the GDPR 2018. Our Privacy Policy sets out how we collect, use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites, as such sites are not governed by this Privacy Statement. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Statement applicable to the website in question.
Our site requires cookies to function, click here for more information
Ok, thank you
Society of Indexers, Woodbourn Business Centre, 10 Jessell Street, Sheffield S9 3HY
admin@indexers.org.uk
Copyright © 2020 Society of Indexers
The Society of Indexers is a company limited by guarantee and incorporated in England and Wales.
Reg No 6303822. Regtd office: Woodbourn Business Centre, 10 Jessell Street, Sheffield S9 3HY.
Home
Privacy
Copyright
Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
Sitemap