https://www.merchantseek.com/privacy/
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
As a visitor of our site you have the right to know what we do with the information you provide us. We strongly believe in protecting our visitors information. The information you provide us through the registration form is kept strictly confidential. We’ve taken all the necessary physical and electronic procedures to safeguard the information we collect from you. This will prevent unauthorized access to your information.
The information you provide us through the registration form will only be shared with our partners, with whom we have strict agreements. These partners offer merchant account solutions for our visitors and all of them are featured in our top lists.
Merchant Account Providers (MAP’s) wishing to add a profile to our online database will be asked for the following information on their registration page:
Company name
Contact name
Address
City, state, zip code
Phone number
Fax number
E-mail address
Web address
Choose a username
Choose a password
Password again (for verification)
The reason for collecting this information from MAP’s is to expedite the registration process and to aid us in the event we need to contact them with questions or concerns about their account or online profile.
Cookies are used on the MAP login page to automatically log them into their account page if they previously selected the “Remember Me” function, either from the login page or their own account page. If the MAP doesn’t select the “Remember Me” feature they must login manually each time they want to access their account page.
Visitors will receive a one-time e-mail 3 days after using our sites search feature, to follow up on their experience with MerchantSeek and ask them to complete a customer satisfaction survey.
MAP’s will receive an e-mail every 30 days to remind them to make any necessary updates to their profile, whether it be to adjust rates and fees, services offered, etc. We strive to maintan the most accurate data available for our visitors.
Once an MAP completes their registration they then complete a profile that will be added to our online database for users to search through when choosing a provider. The only information published on the MAP’s profile from their registration page is their company name and web address (for contact purposes between a searcher and an MAP). All other information on the registration page is kept strictly confidential.
The following information is gathered on the MAP profile pages:
What types of credit cards they issue accounts for.
What business types they provide processing solutions for.
List any business types they do not accept.
What type of processing solutions they provide.
List any other products/services they offer other then credit card processing solutions.
Indicate how long it takes to approve an application.
Do you offer a cancelable month-to-month rental program.
Which Turn-key Solutions are available.
Application fee.
Purchase, lease, discount rate and transaction fee information for these solutions: swipe terminal, POS software, and Real-Time internet terminal.
Monthly statement fee.
Monthly minimum fee.
Chargeback fee.
Daily batch fee.
Gateway fee
Reserve requirements.
Any other regular and/or monthly fees.
List any free products and/or services they give to clients that sign on with them.
Other comments about their products/services.
Those MAP account holders who have lost their account password can regain access by having their password sent to them. For security, their password is sent to the e-mail address they provided on the day they registered.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please contact us.
Tweet