http://www.aggregate.com/cookies-policy
Jump to navigation
Jump to search
Jump to content
United Kingdom
Customer and Supplier Portals
0 items
Your basket
Quantity
Checkout
Cookies policy
Aggregate Industries » Site information » Cookies policy
Site mapPrivacy noticeLegalSearch
Aggregate Industries » Site information » Cookies policy
The purpose of this cookies policy is to provide you with information about the characteristics and purpose of cookies used by us, as well as how to restrict them while browsing if you wish.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file placed on your device by websites you visit. Cookies are mostly used to allow websites to function, or to function more efficiently, as well as to provide information to website owners. Above all, cookies allow identification of your device.
Use of cookies
Aggregate Industries uses cookies for many different reasons. Generally, there are two main categories of cookies:
Functional cookies respond to technical requirements. They are required for an effective and secure connection to a website
Performance cookies improve browsing by recording some of your preferences for easier, faster and more user-friendly browsing. These cookies are also used for statistical purposes.
These cookies may have a different source, function and lifespan.
Direct cookies refer to cookies placed by Aggregate Industries when visiting its website which can only be read by the Aggregate Industries site
Indirect cookies refer to cookies placed by third parties when visiting the website, for example cookies placed by social media sites
Functional cookies ensure that the website works correctly (e.g. login, registration and language preference cookies) or make it possible to supply services explicitly requested by web-users. Functional cookies are direct cookies
Performance cookies are placed on the website for statistical, social and commercial purposes or in order to create a general user profile. Performance cookies can be direct or indirect
Cookies placed for statistical purposes provide information about the pages visited on the website and the location of the computer (Google Analytics etc.)
Cookies placed for social purposes allow web-users to share the content of the website visited on social networks (Twitter, Facebook, etc.)
Permanent cookies remain on your hard drive for a pre-determined time or until you delete them
Session cookies (or temporary cookies) simplify your actions during a browsing session. All session cookies are deleted once you close your browser. Session cookies are generally functional.
What type of cookies does the Aggregate Industries website use?
Aggregate Industries is always looking for new ways to improve its website and improve the service it offers you. Aggregate Industries uses cookies to improve the use and functionality of its website and to gain a better understanding of how you use it.
Functional cookies
Aggregate Industries uses functional cookies, required for the proper functioning of its website and which do not identify you personally. Cookies make the site's functioning more user-friendly and offer you a more personalised online experience.
Performance cookies
Aggregate Industries uses performance cookies to collect information about your use of the website in order to improve the content and increase its ease of use.
The following cookies may be placed on your machine whilst visiting the Aggregate Industries website:
Cookie name
Source
Purpose and type of cookie
Expiration
_ga
Google Analytics
Statistical cookie
2 years
_gat
Google Analytics
Statistical cookie
10 minutes
_gid
Google Analytics
Statistical cookie
24 hours
AMP_TOKEN
Google Analytics
Statistical cookie
30 seconds to 1 year
_gtm_GTM-MXBNTLM
Google Tag Manager
Used to help identify the visitor by information held in Google Tag Manager
1 minute
_dc
DoubleClic
Used to help identify the visitor by information held in DoubleClic
1 minute
has_js
Aggregate.com
Cookie indicating whether the user has accepted or rejected javascript technology
At the end of session
ReadSpeakerSettings
ReadSpeaker
Cookie indecating whether the user has customised the Readspeaker functionality
1 year
cookie-agreed
Aggregate.com
Cookie indicating the user read and close of the cookie policy banner
3 months
LAFARGEHOLCIM_COM_SPLASH
Aggregate.com
Cookie indicating whether the user has accepted or rejected display of a pop-up on the launch page
1 year
_atuvc
Addthis
Cookies from Adthis share tool
2 years
SESS<property-omnimap-id>
Omnimap
Cookies from Omnimap tool for location requested
23 days
Cookies from social networks allow you to share our site's content and your opinion on it with others, e.g. "Share" and "Like" application buttons, from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc. The social network which supplies these application buttons can identify you using this button, even if you have not clicked on it while browsing our site. This is because some cookies allow the social network concerned to track your browsing of our site if the social network is activated on your device while browsing our site.
We have no control over the processes used by social networks to collect information about your browsing of our website. Please check the relevant social networks' personal data protection policies. These give you certain confidentiality options in relation to social networks, particularly by configuring your account settings with each network.
The length of time third-party cookies, such as cookies from social networks, are retained can be amended at any time before Aggregate Industries receives the information. Once Aggregate Industries has been informed, changes to duration will be indicated within this policy.
Updates to the cookies policy
We reserve the right to make any changes to this policy, particularly in response to legislative requirements.
Personal data protection rights
Some of the cookies used by Aggregate Industries and described above allow the collection of personal data. Aggregate Industries is responsible for processing this personal data. This data is vital for each cookie to correctly carry out its function.
It is only used by the relevant departments within Aggregate Industries and its service providers, where applicable. Aggregate Industries particularly uses the Google Analytics service from Google Inc ("Google") for statistical purposes. In the context of this service, the data collected via Google Analytics cookies (connection data and browsing data) is transmitted and stored by Google on servers located in the United States. Google entities are registered under the Privacy Shield to help ensure an adequate level of data protection.
You also have the right to request that we provide you with a copy of that data. To obtain a copy, please write with full details to: General Counsel, Aggregate Industries UK Limited, Bardon Hall, Copt Oak Road, Markfield, Leicestershire, LE67 9PJ enclosing your cheque or postal order for £10 payable to Aggregate Industries UK Limited.
Managing cookies
All web browsers allow you to restrict cookie behaviour or deactivate them. You can use your browser to view the cookies present on your computer, and delete them individually or all at once.
If you have blocked all or some cookies, it is possible that the website will no longer function correctly or that you will not have access to some parts of the site, for which we cannot be held liable. Below are instructions on how to block and/or delete cookies for the commonest browsers.
Microsoft Edge
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
About Aggregate Industries
We’re at the frontline of the construction and infrastructure industries, producing and supplying an array of construction materials. With over 200 sites and around 3700 dedicated employees, we’re home to everything from aggregates, asphalt, ready-mixed concrete and precast concrete products. On top of that, we produce, import and export supply materials for cement and offer national road surfacing and contracting services.