https://www.woccu.org/terms
Home > Terms & Conditions
Share
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
Welcome to WOCCU.org. WOCCU.org is owned and operated by the World Council of Credit Unions, Inc. and/or its affiliated companies (collectively, “WOCCU”). These Website Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) contain the terms and conditions upon which WOCCU is willing to provide you access to and use of this WOCCU Website and all related pages, information, databases, materials and services (collectively, the “Site”), and govern (i) any donations you make to WOCCU through the Site, (ii) any request you make to WOCCU to subscribe to any WOCCU mailing list, (iii) your use of the International Remittance Network, and (iv) your use and purchase of any seminars, products and/or services available through the Site (collectively, the “Services”). These Terms form a contract between you and WOCCU. If you do not agree to be bound by these Terms, you may not access or use the Site or the Services. Use of the Site or purchase or use of the Services indicates your acceptance of these Terms, WOCCU’s Website Privacy Policy and any other separate terms and conditions you expressly agree to be bound by when purchasing or using such Services. Please scroll down through these Terms to review important provisions regarding arbitration, limitation of liability, waivers, indemnities and other important provisions.
If you have questions regarding these Terms, please contact WOCCU at mail@woccu.org.
License
You may only use this Site if you are at least 18 years of age. By accessing any portion of the Site, you have a limited license to use the Site and Services, including the limited right to view, bookmark, download and print, for your noncommercial, personal use and information only, those pages of the Site that interest you, subject to any other terms and conditions of use and/or payment in these Terms or on the Site. These Terms cannot be waived or modified by any oral communications between you and WOCCU.
Updating Terms
WOCCU reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, delete and update portions of these Terms or other policies that govern use of the Site at its discretion, at any time, for any reason, including the right to terminate the Services or any part of the Services. You should review these Terms periodically for changes. Any amendments and modifications by WOCCU will be prospective only, and unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, will be effective upon being posted on the Site. The Terms can be accessed from the link at the bottom of each Site page. If you use the Site after we post changes to the Terms, you agree to the changed Terms.
If you have an account or other relationship with WOCCU, that relationship is governed by the agreement specific to that particular account or relationship; provided that nothing in these other agreements shall diminish the protections and rights provided to WOCCU under these Terms. Except as may be expressly provided in additional terms of use for specific areas of the Site or the above-referenced agreements, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and WOCCU with respect to the use of the Site.
Services Information
Without limiting the disclaimer language in these Terms, the Services information contained on this Site is believed to be accurate at the time of posting. However, from time-to-time WOCCU may find it necessary to make revisions. WOCCU reserves the right to make all such changes without notice. Therefore, please contact WOCCU at (608) 395-2000 or mail@woccu.org to confirm the existence of any Services that are material to your purchase decision.
WOCCU Registration and Personal Information and Unauthorized Use
When you register, sign-up for, or purchase any WOCCU products or services, whether through the purchasing process or otherwise, you agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information, whether through questionnaires, registration forms or other information requests, including, without limitation, passwords, usernames, login IDs, credit card and financial information and other personally identifiable information (collectively, “Personal Information”). You agree not to provide Personal Information that is false, inaccurate, misleading, or fraudulent. You agree to provide WOCCU with any information reasonably requested by WOCCU related to the provision of the Services. You are solely responsible for all transactions and transmissions that occur through the use of your Personal Information, and it is your responsibility to maintain and promptly update your Personal Information. You agree that WOCCU is not liable to you or any third party for damages or losses related to the accuracy or disclosure to WOCCU of your Personal Information. It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information. WOCCU requires that you agree not to share your Personal Information with another person, nor allow another person to use your Personal Information. This requirement will assist in preventing unauthorized use or misuse of the Site and protect you, WOCCU and other Site users. If you believe that someone has used your Personal Information to access any WOCCU services without your authorization, please contact WOCCU immediately at (608) 395-2000 or mail@woccu.org.
Please review WOCCU’s Website Privacy Policy for more information regarding WOCCU’s policies and procedures for disclosing and using your Personal Information. Subject to the Website Privacy Policy, WOCCU retains a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use and store your information (in any media, currently known or unknown) related to these Terms or WOCCU’s provision of the Services.
You agree not to impersonate any person or entity, misrepresent any affiliation with another person, entity or association, use false e-mail or other headers, or otherwise conceal your identity from WOCCU for any purpose.
You allow WOCCU to use your likeness and name in publications and promotional materials.
Information Available on Site
WOCCU relies on a variety of sources for the information it provides on the Site, including without limit information related to its Services. This information is provided to you in good faith based on the information available to WOCCU. WOCCU believes that the information is current and accurate but does not guarantee it.
Fees and Payment
You are responsible for promptly paying all fees associated with your use or purchase of the Services (the “Fees”) at the time of purchase. You are also responsible for any applicable federal, state, or local franchise fees, surcharges, sales and use taxes and any other taxes (except those related to WOCCU’s net income) related to the Services (collectively, the "Taxes"). You shall promptly pay all Taxes at the time of purchase.
If you dispute any Fees related to purchase of any Services, you shall provide WOCCU with written notice describing such dispute in reasonable detail and shall include with such notice all documentation as may be reasonably required to support your position regarding the dispute. All disputes regarding any Fees must be submitted to WOCCU within 90 days of the purchase of the applicable Services. If you do not submit a claim within such time period, you waive all rights to dispute such Fees.
If the dispute is resolved in favor of WOCCU and you have withheld the disputed amount, any payments withheld pending settlement of the disputed amount shall bear interest at eighteen percent (18%) per annum or the highest amount permitted by law, whichever is lower, from the payment due date up to and including the date of payment. WOCCU shall be entitled to recovery of all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred in enforcing your compliance with this Agreement.
Restrictions on Use of WOCCU Materials and the Site
Your license to use the Site includes the limited right to view, bookmark, download and print, for your non-commercial, personal use and information only, those pages of the Site that interest you. Your use of any materials or software from the Site is terminable by WOCCU at any time under the circumstances described in these Terms.
WOCCU or its content providers own all of the content, materials and other intellectual property related to the Site and the Services, including without limit all text, graphics, photographs, music, data, images, audio and video clips, software, names, button icons, logos, images, designs, titles, words or phrases, page headers, service names, trademarks, patents and copyrights (collectively, “Materials”). You have no rights to the Materials, except as expressly set forth in these Terms. Any use of the Materials, except as permitted by these Terms, is expressly prohibited.
The contents and use of the Site (including WOCCU’s name and the logos and software used in the Site) are registered and/or protected by U.S. and international copyright, trademark, and other laws. You agree to retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the Site or the Services. You may not delete or change any copyright or trademark notices, and cannot alter or modify the content in any manner without the express written permission of WOCCU.
You further agree you may not:
use the Site to transmit, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, e-mail, or distribute in any way material or content that infringes any copyright, trademark, proprietary, or other right of any party or that violates these Terms;
copy (except as set forth above for non-commercial personal use), modify, distribute, create any derivative or compilation work from, or display WOCCU’s name or logo, or any text, graphic images, or other content from the Site or redeliver such content using framing or similar technology;
use any device designed to provide repeated automated access to the Site other than those made generally available by WOCCU;
include “World Council of Credit Unions” or any other WOCCU trademarked materials, the name of any WOCCU personnel or any variation of these items as a metatag or hidden textual element, or in any other fashion that may create a false or misleading impression of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement between WOCCU and you, any other party, or any other website, or otherwise use these items without WOCCU’s express written permission;
collect, harvest or store personal data about other users of the Site;
upload, e-mail or otherwise transmit to WOCCU or through the Site or any WOCCU computer network any of the following: a sexually-explicit image or statement; advertising, promotional or other unauthorized communication, including without limitation, “junk mail,” surveys, unsolicited e-mail, “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes” or other inappropriate or prohibited materials; and any material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, easter eggs or any other computer code, files or programs that might interrupt, limit or interfere with, damage, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information related to the Site or any computer software, hardware or communications equipment that is owned, leased or used by WOCCU;
create a link to the Site without WOCCU’s prior written permission;
use the Site to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation;
use the Site to post or transmit any threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law.
use any robot, spider, scraper or any other automated means to access the Site or the Services for any purpose without WOCCU’s express written permission;
forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting;
take any action that imposes, or may impose, in WOCCU’s sole discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the WOCCU infrastructure;
interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site, the Services or any activities conducted on the Site; or
bypass measures used by WOCCU to prevent or restrict access to the Site or the Services, violate or attempt to violate the security or authentication measures of the system, or attempt to prove, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network without proper written authorization from WOCCU.
WOCCU reserves the right to disclose the identity of anyone posting or transmitting any information or materials violating the above prohibitions to law enforcement authorities or pursuant to any court order requesting or directing WOCCU to disclose such information.
WOCCU does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy or reliability of communications posted by users, nor does WOCCU endorse any opinions expressed by users or any third parties using the Site. Any reliance on material posted by other users shall be at your own risk.
Termination, Removal of Materials and Monitoring
These Terms are effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer agree to be bound by these Terms, you must cease use of the Site and Services. You agree that WOCCU may terminate, restrict or suspend all or part of your license to access the Site and delete any content transmitted to or through the Site, at any time, at its sole discretion, without prior notice to you and without any liability to you. WOCCU also reserves the right to take any action relating to user-submitted information that it deems necessary or appropriate if such information, as determined in WOCCU’s sole discretion, may create liability for WOCCU, its agents or its contractors or may affect WOCCU’s business relationships or contracts with its agents or its contractors. WOCCU further reserves the right to remove any materials that are defamatory, abusive, illegal, harassing, immoral, disruptive or do not conform to these Terms—though WOCCU shall be under no affirmative obligation to monitor any of the foregoing or to otherwise screen or monitor any communications or information prior to their posting. You agree that WOCCU has the right, but is not obligated, to monitor your use of the Site and any communications made by you related to such use in any manner. You release WOCCU from any liability related to its monitoring activities. If WOCCU denies you access to the Site, you agree to destroy all materials obtained from the Site and all copies of those materials with the exception of your personal customer-account-related materials. You acknowledge that, upon termination, WOCCU may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in the account and bar you from further access to the files, the Site, and the Services.
Website Linking and Cautions About Third-Party Information Included in Site
For your general informational use only, WOCCU may provide access to third party Websites. These links allow you to leave the Site. WOCCU is unable to verify, and takes no responsibility for, the contents of any third party Website that may be linked to the Site via hyperlink or otherwise, whether such link is provided by WOCCU or by a third party (including any responsibility for the accuracy, timeliness or suitability of the content of any third party Website to which WOCCU may link). By providing access to other websites, WOCCU is not recommending or supporting any third party, is not recommending the purchase or sale of any products or services of a third party and is not endorsing or acknowledging that it is affiliated with any website's sponsoring organization. WOCCU does not expressly, or by implication, endorse, recommend, or make any representations or warranties related to any commercial product, process or service (whether by trade name, trademark, service mark, generic description or referral to a distributor or manufacturer) referred to on any third party site or related to creation of links to such site. Before relying on any information contained on any third party Website, you are cautioned to undertake your own independent evaluation of its accuracy, completeness, usefulness, timeliness and correct sequencing, and protections against potential viruses and other malicious code in downloaded material.
WOCCU may include third party information in the Site for general informational purposes only. WOCCU is unable to verify the accuracy or completeness of third party information posted to the Site or accessible from the Site. Consequently, you agree WOCCU does not guarantee, and is not liable to you for, the accuracy, results, completeness, authorship or suitability of any third party content and WOCCU is not obligated to maintain, verify, update or post any corrections to such third party information for any reason. Nothing in the Site referencing any third parties with whom WOCCU conducts business, and nothing in these Terms, shall be deemed to create any agency relationship or affiliation with, or endorsement or sponsorship of, such third parties or you or make the third parties or you partners or joint venturers with WOCCU, or otherwise provide you or any third parties with any rights to act on WOCCU’s behalf.
Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
In using this Site you acknowledge and accept that there are risks, including, without limitation, the risk of harm of people acting under false pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through the Site and other parties that use the Site or your Personal Information for unauthorized or illegal purposes.
TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT ALL INFORMATION, SERVICES, SOFTWARE AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, AND THE SITE ITSELF, ARE FURNISHED FOR GENERAL INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY, AND ARE FURNISHED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESSED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, SUITABILITY, SECURITY, CORRECTNESS AND NON-INFRINGEMENT). THE WOCCU PARTIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING, ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR, THE CONTINUED AVAILABILITY, RELIABILITY, ACCURACY, RESULTS OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE OR ANY MATERIAL ON THE SITE, THE PERFORMANCE OF THE INTERNET, THE DOWNLOADING COMPATIBILITY OF ANY MATERIALS OR SOFTWARE WITH YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, THE EXISTENCE OF ANY VIRUS, WORM, MALICIOUS CODE OR OTHER DISABLING DEVICE FROM ANY SOURCE, THE UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY A PARTY OTHER THAN WOCCU, ANY TECHNICAL FAILURES (INCLUDING HARDWARE OR SOFTWARE FAILURES), INCOMPLETE, SCRAMBLED, OR DELAYED COMPUTER TRANSMISSIONS, AND/OR TECHNICAL INACCURACIES, OR LOSS OR USE OF DATA, AS WELL AS UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OF USER TRANSMISSIONS BY THIRD PARTIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS. NO ONE IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY WARRANTY ON WOCCU’S BEHALF, AND YOU CANNOT RELY ON ANY OTHER STATEMENT OF WARRANTY. YOU ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, APPROPRIATENESS AND LEGALITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU SUPPLY TO WOCCU.
YOU AGREE THAT WOCCU, ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS, AGENTS AND SUPPLIERS (COLLECTIVELY THE “WOCCU PARTIES”) ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE WOCCU PARTIES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSSES, FEES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, TRESPASS OR OTHERWISE EXCEED THE AMOUNT (IF ANY) PAID BY YOU TO WOCCU TO PURCHASE THE PARTICULAR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WHICH FORM THE BASIS OF YOUR CLAIM, THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO WOCCU TO PURCHASE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES IN THE THREE (3) MONTHS PRECEDING ANY CLAIM WHERE YOUR CLAIM DOES NOT RELATE TO PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED, OR $100 IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID ANY AMOUNTS TO WOCCU. IF YOU LIVE IN A STATE THAT DOES NOT ALLOW THE WAIVER OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, OR LIMITATIONS OR DAMAGES WAIVERS DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION, SOME OF THESE WAIVERS AND LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU AGREE TO PROMPTLY NOTIFY WOCCU IN WRITING IF YOU BELIEVE YOU HAVE ANY CLAIM AGAINST THE WOCCU PARTIES, AND, IN ANY EVENT, YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM NOT BROUGHT WITHIN ONE YEAR OF YOUR DISCOVERY SHALL BE DEEMED WAIVED AND RELEASED.
Any references on the Site to product or service warranties provided by WOCCU related to products or services already purchased by you are provided for informational purposes only. These references are not intended to extend, republish, or modify any warranties that accompanied the products or services at time of purchase or to create new warranties.
If you provide WOCCU with an e-mail address for information delivery or otherwise request a non-secure delivery of information, you agree not to hold WOCCU responsible for any misuse or unauthorized viewing of that information.
Indemnification
In consideration of your use of the Site, you hereby agree to indemnify the WOCCU Parties (and any of its third party service providers) from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or related to: (i) your (a) breach of these Terms, (b) violation of any person's or entity's legal rights (including, without limitation, copyright, patent, trade secret, trademark, or other proprietary rights, or publicity, contract, moral, or privacy rights) (c) violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or (d) negligence, recklessness, or misconduct; or (ii) unauthorized use of your Personal Information by a party other than WOCCU.
Applicable Law
WOCCU controls and operates the Site from our offices within the State of Wisconsin in the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so at your own risk and initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws and regulations. You agree that the laws of the State of Wisconsin (excluding any choice of law rules) govern your rights and obligations relating to WOCCU and your use of the Site.
Exports
You agree to comply with all United States export laws and regulations and all applicable foreign export laws and regulations. You assume sole responsibility for any required export approval and/or licenses and all related costs and for the violation of any United States export law or regulation. You acknowledge that export of the products or services and any related documentation, in whole or part, contrary to United States law is prohibited. You agree that no part of the products or services available through the Site, either in whole or part, is being acquired for shipment, transfer, or re-export, directly or indirectly, to proscribed, embargoed, or prohibited countries or their nationals, denied destinations, or for prohibited activities or for weapons.
Severability and Waiver
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms, which shall remain in full force and effect.
No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, by WOCCU, any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver hereof, except as expressly provided herein. Any waiver by WOCCU of a breach of any provision of these Terms shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent breach and shall not be construed to be a modification of the Terms unless and until agreed to in writing by WOCCU.
Additional Terms
Certain areas of this Site may be subject to additional terms of use. By using such areas or any part thereof, you agree to be bound by the additional terms of use applicable to such areas.
Copyright Agent for Claims of Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, WOCCU designates the agent below to receive notifications of claimed copyright infringement. If you reasonably believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide to WOCCU’s designated agent the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information included in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
WOCCU’s designated agent for notification may be contacted at:
Senior Manager, Contracts & Grants World Council of Credit Unions 5710 Mineral Point Rd Madison, WI 53705 Phone: (608) 395-2033 Fax: (608) 395-2001 E-mail: helpdesk@woccu.org
Dispute Resolution
If a dispute arises between you and any of the WOCCU Parties, it is the goal of WOCCU to work in good faith with you to quickly and amicably resolve the dispute. All disputes, claims, or controversies (“Claims”) arising under or relating to these Terms, the Site, or the Services that cannot be resolved informally, will be finally resolved by binding arbitration as described herein.
Any dispute arising under or related to these Terms, the Site, or the Services (including the arbitrability of such a dispute and the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, termination or breach thereof) shall be finally settled by binding arbitration by a single arbitrator in accordance with the then-current Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), with the arbitration to be commenced no later than one (1) year after such Claim accrues (in absence of which it shall be deemed forever waived). A judgment upon an arbitrator’s award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator shall be an expert in the field of Internet services. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that there shall be no class action arbitration related to these Terms, the Site, or the Services. All parties shall bear their own expenses, except that the parties shall equally share the expenses of the arbitrator (except for the required non-refundable filing fees which shall be paid solely by the party asserting the related Claim).
The above obligations to arbitrate shall not: (i) apply to violations of the Restrictions on Use of WOCCU Materials contained above; or (iii) prevent a party from seeking a preliminary injunction, temporary restraining order, specific performance or other procedures in a court of competent jurisdiction to obtain interim relief when deemed necessary by such court to preserve the status quo or prevent irreparable injury pending resolution by arbitration of the actual dispute.
Exclusive jurisdiction and venue for arbitration or any other legal action or proceeding in any way related to the Site, the Services, or these Terms shall be in Madison, Wisconsin. Any matter brought before a court shall be brought solely in the state or federal courts located in Madison, Wisconsin. The parties hereby waive their right to a jury trial.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any and all disputes arising under or in relation to this Site involving the privacy concerns of citizens of a Member State of the European Union shall be resolved in accordance with WOCCU’s Website Privacy Policy, which adheres to the Safe Harbor Principles developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union.
Independent Parties
For purposes of these Terms, the parties hereto shall be independent contractors and neither shall at any time be considered an agent or employee of the other. No joint venture, partnership, or like relationship is created between the parties by this Agreement.
Entire Agreement
These Terms, and any policies referenced and attached hereto, constitute the entire agreement between you and WOCCU related to the Site and services. All prior agreements, representations, statements, negotiations, and undertakings with respect to the subject matter herein are superseded by these Terms. These Terms may not be amended, altered or added to in any manner except as set forth by a document in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each party. If there is a conflict between these Terms and any terms appearing on the Site, or in any policies, those terms that are more favorable to WOCCU shall govern.
Headings
The headings of the sections in these Terms are strictly for convenience and shall not in any way be construed as amplifying or limiting any of these Terms.
Survival of Obligations
The terms that by their nature are intended to survive beyond the termination, cancellation, or expiration of these Terms shall survive.
Our website uses cookies to function correctly. If you continue or close this message, you automatically grant permission for the use of cookies. More about cookies »
Close