https://www.keelingwalker.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Keeling & Walker Limited recognises that respecting user privacy over the Internet is of utmost importance. This privacy statement is designed to provide information about the privacy and data collection practices for the site: https://www.keelingwalker.co.uk/ The Site is operated by Keeling & Walker Limited.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our site coordinator at sales@keelingwalker.co.uk or by postal mail to:
Keeling & Walker LimitedWhieldon Road, Stoke-on-TrentST4 4JA, United Kingdom
Identifying Information. In general, you can visit the Site without telling us who you are or providing any information about yourself. In some areas of the Site, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to process an order, offer services that require registration, assist you with technical support issues or to follow up with you.Generally, Keeling & Walker Limited requests identifying information when you:Register on any of our web sites.Place an order.Provide feedback to an online survey or tell us about an idea or suggestion.Participate in a rebate program, contest, or other promotional offers.Request a special service.Request information or files from technical support or customer service.In these instances, Keeling & Walker Limited will ask for your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and other appropriate information needed to provide you with these services. In all instances, if you receive a newsletter or other mailing from us, you will always be able to “unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time.
What Keeling & Walker Limited Will Do With Your Information. If you choose to give us personal information for any of the purposes above, this information is retained by Keeling & Walker Limited and will only be used by Keeling & Walker Limited to support your customer relationship with us. We will not add you to a mailing list, or newsletter without your registration for this service. We will only contact you if further information is required from you to complete a service.
What Others May Do With Your Information. Keeling & Walker Limited does not share, rent, or sell any personally identifying information provided through our Site (such as your name or email address) to any outside organization for use in its marketing or solicitations. From time to time Keeling & Walker Limited may use agents or contractors who will have access to your personal information to perform services for Keeling & Walker Limited (such as database maintenance. However, they are required by us to keep the information confidential and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services for Keeling & Walker Limited. In addition, Keeling & Walker Limited may also share aggregate information about its customers and its web site visitors to advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, we might share that our users are x percent PCs users and y percent Macintosh users. None of this information, however, will contain personal, identifying information about our users.
Third Party Links. Keeling & Walker Limited does provide links to other sites. Other Internet sites and services have separate privacy and data collection practices. Once you leave Keeling & Walker Limited Keeling & Walker Limited cannot control, and has no responsibility for, the privacy policies or data collection activities at another site.
Cookies. We may use a feature on your web browser to send your computer a “cookie". We do not use cookies to retrieve any personal information from your computer. We only use cookies to learn ways to enhance our Sites, and to give you better, more personalized service while in our web site. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is sent. However, some functions of the Sites will not function if you refuse cookies. These areas of our web site will have information posted about cookies, and when a cookie will be uploaded to your computer.
Children's Privacy Protection. Keeling & Walker Limited is sensitive to the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under the age of 13. The vast majority of the material on our web site is not intended for children and is not targeted to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect data from children and, if we learn that we have received personal data from a child, we will remove this information from our database.
Changes to this Policy. Keeling & Walker Limited may from time to time revise its privacy policy. You should therefore periodically visit this page, so you are aware of any such revisions. We will not, however, use your existing information in a manner not previously disclosed. You will be advised and have the opportunity to opt out of any new use of your information.
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about our privacy policy and/or the practices of our web site, you can write to:
Keeling & Walker LimitedWhieldon Road, Stoke-on-TrentST4 4JA, United Kingdomsales@keelingwalker.co.uk
Contact us
We are at the APFE 2020 Exhibition in Shanghai
Keeling & Walker will be exhibiting at the 2020 APFE in Shanghai. Come and visit us at the stand 5T02-1!
Read more
ISO Certificates
Our products are manufactured to the ISO 9001 Quality Assurance Standard. Learn about Keeling and Walker's commitment to quality.
Learn More
Industry Applications
We research & develop products for the needs of our customers from a vast range of different industries; glass, ceramics, electrical and many more.
Explore
×
Close
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead More