http://www.iamaworld.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
The International Artist Managers’ Association (IAMA) is committed to protecting your privacy online. We appreciate that you do not want the personal information you provide to us distributed indiscriminately and here we explain how we collect information, what we do with it and what controls you have.
Data Collection:
The site does not automatically capture or store personal information relating to visitors to the site, other than to log the IP address of visitors. If you request a specific service from us by submitting an enquiry or requesting a newsletter we may ask you to submit information such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number. Should any credit card information be collected on-line, it will not be stored for more than 30 days before being deleted from the system.
Use of Information:
This information is used to generate aggregate statistics about our site visitors, improve the content of our web pages, to administer this site, and to send you information you have requested through this site.
You can tell us not to contact you or share the information with a third party at any time. We may occasionally send you information about products and services we feel may be of interest to you where you have indicated to us that you do not object to these communications. If at any time you do not wish to continue to receive such information please contact us at info@iamaworld.com or alternatively see the section 'contacting us' below.
Sharing Information:
IAMA may from time to time pass on your company contact details to business partners or sponsors but this will be described to you prior to collecting personal information from you for this purpose. IAMA may analyse and disclose aggregate statistics about our site visitors, customers and sales in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other reputable third parties and for other lawful purposes, but these statistics will not include personally identifying information.
IAMA may disclose personal information if required to do so by law, or if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of IAMA, the site, or its visitors.
This site contains links to other sites. IAMA is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites.
Information submitted by you may occasionally be transferred by us to other reputable third party organisations, which may be situated outside of the European Economic Area. This may happen for example if one of our service providers or business partners is located in a country located outside the EEA. If we transfer your information outside of the EEA in this way, we will take steps to ensure that your privacy rights continue to be protected
Security:
IAMA places a great importance on the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our members. We have implemented technology and policies to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use and will continue to update these measures as technology becomes available.
Use of Cookies
This site uses cookies to maintain a user’s logged-in status, and as part of the Google Analytics procedure which tracks user activity. No cookies are used on this site to track or store personally identifiable information. To disable cookies please consult your internet browsers help file however please note that certain services on this site may not work correctly or at all if you set your browser not to accept cookies
Your acceptance of these terms:
By using this site you consent to the collection and use of this information by IAMA and the IAMA privacy policy.
Data Protection
IAMA is registered with the Data Protection Act 1998 for the purpose of processing data in the performance of its legitimate business.  Any information held by IAMA will be processed in compliance with the principles set out in the Act.
Contacting us
If at any time you would like to contact us with your enquiries or views about IAMA's privacy practices you should contact IAMA, at info@iamaworld.com or by writing to:
IAMA
West Wing, Somerset House
Strand
London
WC2R 1LA
Privacy Policy last updated: January 2013.
Top