http://www.wegivecash.com/privacy.aspx
WeGiveCash - Privacy Policy
How It Works
About
FAQs
CCPA
Contact
Privacy Policy
Last Updated 10/8/2020
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to the WeGiveCash.com web site. This Policy is hereby incorporated by reference into the Terms. This Policy tells users ("you" or "applicant") of the web site and the services provided therein, about the information collected by WeGiveCash.com and how WeGiveCash.com uses and shares this information. The WeGiveCash.com web site is operated by Fast Flash Marketing, LLC. All references below to WeGiveCash.com or "we" include Fast Flash Marketing, LLC.
Types of Information We Collect
WeGiveCash.com collects both "personally identifiable information" and "non-personally identifiable information" from or about users of its web sites.
Personally Identifiable Information
WeGiveCash.com collects several types of information that may identify a particular individual ("personally identifiable information"). We collect personally identifiable information when you provide it to us through your use of the site, such as by completing one or more stages of an application form to participate in the Homeowner Incentive Program from a Brokerage or Marketing Partner participating in our network ("participating partners") or by sending questions to us via the web site. The types of personally identifiable information we collect include: name, physical address, telephone number, email address, and information about home ownership.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Non-personally identifiable information is anonymous information that cannot be associated with a specific individual. The types of non-personally identifiable information that we collect (either directly, through the use of "cookies," or through the use of a third party tracking system) include: the IP address of the computer making the request; your browser type and language; access times; information about areas of the site visited by users of the site; information about the links that users may select to visit on the site. IP addresses are not usually associated with your personal computer, but with a portal through which you accessed the Internet. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. A "cookie" is a piece of information a web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the web site to remember who you are without personally identifying you.
WeGiveCash.com may share this non-personally identifiable information only in summary form with its suppliers and other third parties for the purpose of web site statistical and trend analysis. This information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify an individual person.
Information Collected by Third Parties
We may allow third parties, including Marketing Partners and Brokerages, to display advertisements on our site. These companies may use tracking technologies, including cookies, to collect information about users of our site who view or interact with these advertisements. WeGiveCash.com does not provide personally identifiable information to these third parties whom advertise through display advertisement, including banners and other links.
How We Use Personally-Identifiable Information
We use the personally-identifiable information you provide to us through this site in order to assess your candidacy for participation in the Homeowner Incentive Program, and deliver the marketing offers you have requested; provide you with customer support; verify or review your application information to determine whether it meets eligibility requirements for participating Brokerages and Marketing Partners; communicate with you by email, postal mail, telephone, and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our Brokerages, Marketing Partners, or other third parties; display advertising tailored to your interests or background; perform data and statistical analysis on use of the web site; enforce our terms and conditions, and perform any other functions otherwise described to you at the time we collect the information.
Sharing Your Personally-Identifiable Information
WeGiveCash.com may share your personally-identifiable information with Brokerages and Marketing Partners participating in our network and other third parties with whom we have a business relationship. These third-party Brokerages and Marketing Partners may use your personally-identifiable information to communicate with you about other business or marketing offers. In addition, we may share your personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third-party marketers and list managers with whom we have a business relationship.
Any third parties with whom we share personally-identifiable information may have their own policies which describe how they use and disclose your information. Those policies will govern the use, handling, and disclosure of your information once we have transferred or shared it with those third parties as described in this Policy or our Terms and Conditions.
WeGiveCash.com will disclose your personally-identifiable information in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement agency or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. We will disclose your personally-identifiable information when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our company, our employees, our web site users, or others; or to enforce our website terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
In addition, in the event that all or substantially all of WeGiveCash.com's stock and/or assets are transferred or sold to another entity, WeGiveCash.com may transfer personally-identifiable information to the acquiring entity.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
We may provide links or automatically redirect you to third party web sites that do not operate under this Policy. For example, if you click on an advertisement presented on our site, you may be taken to a web site that WeGiveCash.com does not operate or control. You should review the privacy statements and terms of use of all third-party web sites you access. These third-party web sites may independently solicit and collect information from you. On occasion, those third-party web sites may provide us with information about your use of those sites.
Changes
WeGiveCash.com's policies, content, information, promotions, disclosures, disclaimers and features may be revised, modified, updated, and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of WeGiveCash.com. Changes to this Policy will be posted on the WeGiveCash.com web site and we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this policy. You should review this Policy each time you access the web site. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share personal information that may impact you, we will notify you by sending an email to the email address you most recently provided to (unless we do not have an email address for you) and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on this web site.
Children's Privacy
Our web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Security
WeGiveCash.com has put in place physical, procedural, and technological security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of the information we collect online. For example, only authorized employees and authorized third parties are permitted to access personally-identifiable information, and they may do so only for permitted business functions. No web site or Internet network can be completely secure. Although we take steps to secure your information, we do not guarantee, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure.
California Disclosures
California Law requires us to provide certain disclosures to users of this Website, namely residents of the State of California.
Shine the Light Disclosure. Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents that use this Website to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at compliancedept@leadflash.com
Do Not Track Disclosures. Business and Professions Code Section 22575(b) requires websites to disclose their practices with respect to the use of tracking technology made by third parties and whether this Website honors web browser do-not-track signals. No third parties are able to collect personally identifiable information you provide on this Website. At this time, Fast Flash Marketing does not respond to do-not-track browser settings or signals.
Your Rights Under the CCPA
You have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and certain other privacy and data protection laws:
Disclosure of Personal Information We Collect About You
You have the right to know:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected;
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, if any; and
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
Please note that we are not required to:
Retain any personal information about you that was collected for a single one-time transaction if, in the ordinary course of business, that information about you is not retained;
Reidentify or otherwise link any data that, in the ordinary course of business, is not maintained in a manner that would be considered personal information; or
Provide the personal information to you more than twice in a 12-month period.
Personal Information Sold or Used for a Business Purpose
In connection with any personal information we may sell or disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you
have the right to know: The categories of personal information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold; and The categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose. You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act to opt-out of the sale [or disclosure] of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the sale [or disclosure] of your personal information, we will refrain from selling your personal information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the sale of your personal information. To opt-out of the sale [or disclosure] of your personal information, visit our homepage and click on the Do Not Sell My Personal Information link here.
Right to Deletion
On receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our records; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Protection Against Discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against by us because you exercised any of your rights under the CCPA. This means we cannot, among other things
Deny goods or services to you; or
Provide a different level or quality of goods or services to you.***
*** Please note that we may provide a different level or quality of services to you, if that difference is reasonably related to our ability provide to fulfill your request using your personal information.
Categories of Personal Information We CollectWe collect information that identifies you, your household or your device or is reasonably capable of being connected with or linked to you, your household, or your device ("Personal Information"). Personal information does not include public information available from government records, de-identified or aggregated information or information that is protected by certain laws such as HIPAA for health-related information and the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act (GLBA) for certain financial information.We collect the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers
First and last name
Mailing address (including length at address)
Telephone number (including best time to call)
Email address
Birth month and date
Military affiliation
Social Security Number
Zip code
Driver's License
Marital status
Internet Protocol (IP) Address
Personal Information Listed in the California Customer Records Statute
The above identifiers
Employment information -
Employment status
Employer
Length of employment
Job title
Monthly income, pay period and paycheck type
Illness/disability
Work phone number
Credit card information -
Debt amount and rate
Past due amount
Credit status
Financial information -
Own/rent car
Own/rent home
Bank name
Bank account type (checking or savings)
Bank account number
Bank routing number
Length at bank
Loan amount
Loan purpose
Debt amounts (including mortgage debt, auto debt unsecured debt, tax debt, secured debt, student loan debt, medical debt, payday loan debt, personal loan debt)
Primary income source
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
Age
Military affiliation
Commercial Information
Information about your debt history
Information about your assets
Biometric Information
Not collected
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
Cookies
Domain name
Browser type and version
Operating system
Usage data
Visit frequency
Referring affiliate information
Referring ad campaign
Time on site
Source URL
Redirect URL
Geolocation Data
Information that tells us from where you access our website
Sensory Data
Not collected
Professional or Employment-Related Information
Employment status
Employer
Length of employment
Job title
Monthly income, pay period and paycheck type
Illness/disability
Work phone number
Non-public Education Information
Not collected
Inferences Drawn from Other Personal Information
Your potential preferences for lending services, debt relief services, or other financial services
Categories of Sources of Personal InformationWe collect information from the following categories of sources:
Directly from you. For example, when you complete online forms or access our Website to utilize our services.
Third Parties. For example, when we receive data from an aggregator, marketer, lead generator, referring website or advertising campaign.
How We Share Your Personal InformationWe share information in each of the above categories as follows:
All categories of information
We will share information in all of the above categories if our company is sold or we engage in a merger or other such transaction.
We will share information in all of the above categories of information in connection with a law enforcement request that is compliant with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.
Identifiers
We share identifiers with service providers who use that information only to provide services to us such as shipping, name and address verification, email distribution and promotions management.
We share identifiers with Service Providers such as lenders, financial service providers, debt relief providers, aggregators and other marketers whose services we believe may be of interest to you. To opt-out of this sharing, see how to submit an opt-out request below.
Personal Information Listed in the California Customer Records Statute
We share this information with Service Providers such as lenders, financial service providers, debt relief providers, aggregators and other marketers whose services we believe may be of interest to you. To opt-out of this sharing, see how to submit an opt-out request below.
Characteristics of Protected Classifications
We share this information with Service Providers such as lenders, financial service providers, debt relief providers, aggregators and other marketers whose services we believe may be of interest to you. To opt-out of this sharing, see how to submit an opt-out request below.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information
We share this information with our data analytics providers
We share this information with Service Providers to track referrals and ad campaign activity.
Professional or Employment-Related Information
We share this information with Service Providers such as lenders, financial service providers, debt relief providers, aggregators and other marketers whose services we believe may be of interest to you. To opt-out of this sharing, see how to submit an opt-out request below.
Non-public Education Information
We share this information with Service Providers such as lenders, financial service providers, debt relief providers, aggregators and other marketers whose services we believe may be of interest to you. To opt-out of this sharing, see how to submit an opt-out request below.
Inferences Drawn from Other Personal Information
We share this information with Service Providers such as lenders, financial service providers, debt relief providers, aggregators and other marketers whose services we believe may be of interest to you. To opt-out of this sharing, see how to submit an opt-out request below.
How to Exercise Your Rights.If you would like to exercise any of your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please:
Complete a data subject request form available on our website.
Email to us at compliancedept@leadflash.com; or
Use our unsubscribe link
Write to us at:
Fast Flash Marketing, LLC
5030 Champion Blvd. Ste. G11-118
Boca Raton, FL 33496
Please note that you may only make a CCPA-related data access or data portability disclosure request twice within a 12-month period. If you choose to contact directly by website, email, or in writing, you will need to provide us with:
Enough information to identify you: your full name, address and phone number so we can identify you
Proof of your identity and address; and
A description of what right you want to exercise and the information to which your request relates.
We are not obligated to make a data access or data portability disclosure if we cannot verify that the person making the request is the person about whom we collected information or is someone authorized to act on such person's behalf.
Any personal information we collect from you to verify your identity in connection with you request will be used solely for the purposes of verification.
California residents are also entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov.
Contact
If you have questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Statement, please write to us or click below to contact us.
WeGiveCash.com
Fast Flash Marketing, LLC
5030 Champion Blvd. Ste. G11-118
Boca Raton, FL 33496
Resources
Privacy
CCPA
Terms and Conditions
Contact
© 2020 WeGiveCash.com.All rights reserved.