https://www.thinkshoes.com/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Search
Categories
Women
Women's shoes
Ballerinas
Mules
Pumps
Sandals
Lace-Ups
Slippers
Sneakers
Boots
Ankle Boots
Accessoires
Bags & Belts
Accessoires
Seasons/Collections
Sale Women
Men
Men's shoes
Mules & Sandals
Lace-Ups
Slippers
Sneakers
Boots & Ankle Boots
Zubehör/Accessoires
Bags & Belts
Accessoires
Seasons/Collections
Sale Men
Sustainability
Think! & Sustainability
Austrian Ecolable
SEAQUAL INITIATIVE | Clean Ocean
#designedinaustria
Explore
People & Thoughts
Think! Founder Martin Koller
Heidi Schröck
Anita Keckeis
Ryoko Hori
Nicole Wesner
Yogesh Kumar
Hands & Knowledge
Making shoes
Think! Philosophy
Being Good & Doing Good
Slow Fashion
Made in Europe
Sustainability tips(Part 1)
Sustainability tips(Part 2)
Shoes & Facts
The trend colour Cognac
Our Materials
Red Shoelace Ends
This year is feeling blue
The Color Red
The Color Brown
For everyone, who loves stylish sneakers
Platform soles
Exchangeable Footbed
Feet & Happiness
Happy Feet (Part 1)
Recognize good shoes (Part 1)
Happy Feet (Part 2)
Recognize good shoes (Part 2)
Service & Support
Shoe Care & tips
Materials
Repair Service
Origin
Newsletter
FAQs
Stores
Account
Login
Login
Login
email address
password
Forgot your password?
Log in
New at Think!?
Register
Shopping cart
0
Explore
People & Thoughts
Hands & Knowledge
Being Good & Doing Good
Shoes & Facts
Feet & Happiness
The Company
About THINK!
Contact
Jobs & Career
Storefinder
Dealer Portal
News
Collection
Women's Shoes
Women's Sneakers
Women's Sandals
Women's Boots
Men's Shoes
Bags & Belts
Service & Support
Shoe Care & Tips
Materials
Origin
Newsletter
FAQs
About Us / The Company
WORLDWIDE | English
gb / en - EUR
Country & Language
Select country
Austria
Germany
Worldwide
Switzerland
Sweden
Select language
German
Select language
German
Select language
English
Select language
German
Select language
Swedish
Apply
Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest in our products. Our customers are important to us. That’s why we take care to ensure a high level of data protection. Here we will inform you of which categories of personal data we process when you visit our online shops of the legero, Think! and superfit brands (www.legero.com; www.thinkshoes.com; www.superfit.com), for what purpose and on what legal basis this processing is done, how long your personal data will be stored, what kinds of cookies and which online marketing tools we use, what your rights are regarding these data and who you can contact with any queries and complaints.
You can trust us with your data! We have implemented technical and organisational encryption security measures to protect your data against unauthorised access and against damage or loss.
Our employees entrusted with data processing receive regular training in complying with legal provisions on data protection and with our internal security measures. In particular, they are also required to keep your data confidential so as to protect your privacy.
Scope of this privacy policy
Using our online shop generates various kinds of data whose storage and use are covered by this privacy policy. This not only includes your contact and delivery details or previous orders; in browsing our shop you also generate traffic data such as your IP address or the browser used.
Our website also uses cookies. The functionality of these cookies is described below. Please note that we also use social media plug-ins, which is also explained in more detail below.
Categories of personal data processed by us
When you register your customer account, we store your address and master data as required and, in addition, such data as you share with us on the registration form. Besides your name and your address, these include your email address, your telephone number and, for example, the information technically required for resetting your password, if you include this.
When you place an order in our online shops (www.legero.com, www.thinkshoes.com, www.superfit.com) we store the products ordered, your delivery address, order history and invoice details. We do not, however, store the data of the means of payment used, which remain with the payment service provider used. The data generated in this context will depend on the specific payment service provider used, but they are never shared with us.
As all three of these online shops are shops of legero united digital GmbH, we hold a joint customer file for all three of them. This means you can log in to all three online shops using the same data and you can view your orders in all three online shops.
Providing your personal data is voluntary, but may be necessary for the provision of our services (preparing, processing and completing an order, dispatching goods, processing the payment). If you fail to provide the data marked as required on the registration form, we may no longer be able to provide our services.
You can view and, if necessary, amend your customer data in your customer account at any time. Your previous orders are also displayed in your customer account.
If you receive our newsletter with information about our products and offers of our legero, Think! and superfit brands (if you are one of our customers or have expressly given consent to receiving it), we will also process your email address, the date of your consent or refusal (as applicable) to receive the newsletter, as well as statistical data concerning your receipt of and your response to our newsletters. Subscription to the newsletter is voluntary and is not required for the provision of our other services. You can find further information on this below.
In order to be able to tailor the offers in our online shops to you in the best possible way, we also use cookies and similar technologies to determine how the users of our website use our online shops and whether they have arrived at our online shop as a result of online advertising placed by us. By your logging in to your customer account or interacting with our newsletter, these usage data can be linked to the data of your customer account, so that we can get to know our customers even better and can tailor our offers to your interests even more. In collaboration with social media providers, we may also collect data about your usage data to enable you to link your customer experience with your social media accounts; see below for more details.
Beyond this, we only store traffic data generated by you in an anonymised form and do not link these with your customer account or your orders. This includes, for example, your IP address, the website history and the time you’ve spent in our online shop. For this purpose, anonymised user profiles are generated which provide us with information on the performance of our online shop but do not allow us to draw any conclusions regarding you personally. Providing these data is voluntary and can be prevented by you without adverse effects on our services to you; see below for more details.
From 6 August 2019, the online shops of the superfit, legero and Think! brands will be operated by legero united digital GmbH, a subsidiary of Legero Schuhfabrik GmbH. This is to take advantage of synergies and for us to be able to offer you an even better quality of service. As of that date, your personal data from your use of the online shop of one of these brands will be processed by legero united digital GmbH in a joint customer file. Also as of that date, the distribution of newsletters for all these brands will be handled by legero united digital GmbH. For these purposes, legero united digital GmbH will, from that date, also process the personal data previously stored in the customer file and the newsletter database of the Think! online shop of Think Schuhwerk GmbH.
Purpose of data processing
– Processing orders
We use your personal data provided by you in registering/amending your customer account and in the order process for the purpose of fulfilling orders and billing for them. We use data concerning your previous purchases in order to be able to process returns and complaints. If you set up a customer account with us, we will process your personal data for the purpose of providing you with a joint customer account for our three brand stores (www.legero.com, www.thinkshoes.com, www.superfit.com) which you can log in to in order to view your past orders and so as to avoid having to re-enter your data for each order.
The legal basis for this data processing is that processing is necessary to fulfil our contract with you (point (b) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR).
– Communication and newsletter marketing
We use your email address for communications about your customer account, your orders and our online contact form. Furthermore, we send you newsletters containing news about our products (see below for more details). The legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest in replying to your enquiries and keeping you informed about our products and special offers (point (f) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR).
– Traffic and usage data analysis
By using cookies, we are able to trace how visitors to our online shops use our services. Thus, we collect and analyse data on how, when and for how long users view and interact with specific parts of our website.
When you log in to your customer account on our website or interact with the offers in our newsletter (e.g. by clicking on promotional links), we are also able to link these traffic and usage data with your customer account. This enables us to trace which parts of our website (in particular, which products in our online shop) were viewed by you and when.
The traffic and usage data collected in this way are processed by us for the purpose of sending you targeted advertising, offers and vouchers which match your interests and thus provide you with the best possible customer experience, of better tailoring our services to you in general, as well as for compiling general traffic and usage statistics which allow us to better tailor our services overall to the interests of our visitors and customers.
Furthermore, we can use the traffic and usage data collected in this way to analyse whether you have arrived at our website through an online advertisement placed by us and whether you purchase products from us as a result of this online advertisement. In this way, we are able to analyse and improve the success and reach of our online advertising, so as to reach you even better online and according to your interests. Further information about the marketing tools we use in this context can be found below.
We also use the anonymised traffic and usage data generated by you in using our online shop in order to improve the performance of our website and to identify problem areas. For this purpose we use an analysis tool from Google Analytics (see below for more details).
This data processing is based on our legitimate interest in being able to trace the use of our website by our customers in as much detail as possible, in being able to tailor our services to our customers as closely as possible and to send them advertising matched to their interests; our legitimate interest in measuring and optimising the reach and success of our online advertising; as well as our legitimate interest in the statistical analysis of the traffic and usage data of our website in general so as to improve our overall service range and the performance of our website and to identify problem areas (point (f) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR).
We do not use automated decision-making or profiling within the meaning of Art. 22 of the GDPR.
– Social media links
Sometimes we want to enable you to share your customer experience with your social media contacts by clicking the relevant button in our online shop. For this purpose, using cookies, we also share data concerning your visit to the website with the social media providers of Facebook, Instagram and YouTube, depending on context. You can find further information on this below. The legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest in enabling you to share your customer experience via your social media profile (point (f) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR).
– Retention obligation and legal claims
In addition, we will retain the above-mentioned personal data about you to the extent that we are legally obliged to do so. This data processing is based on that legal obligation (point (c) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR).
Finally, we will retain and process your personal data for as long as and to the extent that this is necessary for the defence against or the enforcement of (potential/impending) legal claims. This data processing is based on our legitimate interest in enforcing/defending against legal claims (point (f) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR).
Transfer of data to third parties
We will only transfer your data to third parties if this is necessary for the provision of our services. When you place an order with us, we will transfer data such as your address to a transport and logistics company.
In addition, we call upon IT service providers and occupational health monitoring services as well as marketing service providers as processors for ensuring the safety and efficiency of our working environment. Under certain circumstances, these will also have access to your personal data.
Furthermore, we transfer your personal data to our group companies if this is necessary for the above-mentioned purposes, in particular for the fulfilment of a specific order.
To ensure the precise collection and linking of traffic and usage data on our website, to better plan and tailor advertising placed by us to the specific interests of our customers and to distribute our newsletters and marketing materials, we call upon service providers for the purposes of planning campaigns, personalising campaigns and advertising and distributing newsletters and marketing materials. To the extent necessary for these purposes we may transfer your personal data to these third-party providers.
In the context of our social media links, we also transfer analysis data about your use of the website to the above-named social media providers so that they can link a customer experience you may wish to share to your social media account with the provider concerned.
Besides this, we will only transfer your personal data to legal representatives, authorities and courts if this is necessary for the enforcement of or defence against any (impending/potential) legal claims or if we are legally obliged to do so or are instructed to do so by a court order and/or decision by a public authority.
Retention of personal data
Your personal data will be retained by us only for as long as this is reasonably deemed necessary by us for the above-mentioned purposes and is permissible under applicable law. We will in any case store your personal data for as long as statutory retention obligations apply or until the expiry of limitation periods for potential legal claims. We will retain your data for longer than the time limit for erasure if and for as long as we require them to enforce or defend against specific legal claims.
Newsletters
If you register a customer account with us, place an order with us or otherwise subscribe to our newsletter, we will inform you regularly (no more than 3 times a week) of our products and special offers of our legero, superfit and Think! brands. You have the option to unsubscribe from the newsletter and/or withdraw your previous consent to receiving the newsletter at any time. Detailed information concerning this can be found in the newsletter itself. However, you can also contact us at the address given below to refuse further mailings.
Cookies
We use cookies in our online shop to enable the use of certain functions.
About cookies:
‘Cookies’ are small text files stored on your device that are used for collecting and storing statistical information as well as to enable our website to recognise you. Cookies may be necessary for certain website functions (e.g. providing a shopping basket in the online shop). Some of the cookies we use are erased at the end of the browser session, meaning when you have closed your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us to recognise your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies). You can view the lifetime of persistent cookies in your browser settings.
Of course, you can configure your browser so that you are informed whenever cookies are set and you can refuse to accept them individually or generally. Further information on this can be found in your browser’s user guide. Some of the cookies we use are necessary for specific functions of our online shop (e.g. shopping basket, login environment, ‘wish list’). If you refuse to accept cookies, the functionality of the websites may therefore be limited.
What cookies we set:
These are the kinds of cookies we use:
-       Technically required cookies:
For certain functions of our website, setting cookies is technically required (e.g. shopping basket, providing a login environment, the customer’s 'wish list'). While you can prevent these cookies being set in your browser settings, in that case some functions of our website will be fully or partly unavailable.
-       Cookies for the purpose of targeted advertising:
We use cookies to determine how you use our website. If you log in to your customer account or interact with our newsletter, we can link the data collected via these cookies with your customer account. By doing so we can better tailor our advertising to your interests and address you in a targeted manner. To do this we use the service providers CrossEngage and trbo (further information about these service providers can be found below).
You can object to the collection of data by trbo via the following link: https://www.trbo.com/opt-out.
You can object to the collection of data by CrossEngage by emailing optout@crossengage.io.
-       Cookies for measuring the success of our advertising campaigns:
We place internet advertisements to advertise our online shop and our products. We also use cookies to measure how successful this advertising is. These cookies are set as part of the following marketing programmes:
-       Google Ads Conversion Tracking
-       Google Ads Remarketing
-       Facebook Ads Tracking
-       Bing Universal Event Tracking
Further information about these marketing programmes can be found below. You can also block these cookies from being set by blocking the setting of so-called ‘third-party cookies’ in your browser settings.
-       Social media cookies:
We use social media cookies so you can link your experience in our online shop with your social media profiles. In this way you can share products or posts that you like on our website with your social media contacts. In addition, these social media sites can see your interest in our products and tailor their services to your interests even better.
We use the social media plugins of the platforms YouTube, Facebook and Instagram. You can find further information on this below. You can deactivate or restrict this data processing in the privacy settings of your social media profiles. You can also prevent these cookies being set by blocking the setting of third-party cookies in your browser settings.
-       Statistical cookies:
Using the cookies set on your device, we collect statistical data to improve the performance of our website, identify problem areas and thus offer you the best possible customer experience. Apart from the links mentioned above, we will not link these statistical data to any other data and will not create any link with identified or identifiable persons. The statistical data collected in this way will only be analysed in anonymised form.
To do this, we use Google Analytics (see below for more details and the option of objecting to this data processing).
Online marketing
Below, we would like to inform you about the individual online marketing tools used by us in more detail. Your personal data will be processed by these marketing tools solely for the above-mentioned purposes.
-      CrossEngage
We would like to show you personalised content on the basis of your previous and current use of our services, so as to make our services more interesting for you as a user. To analyse your usage behaviour and to be able to design and display this content, we use the ‘CrossEngage’ marketing tool by CrossEngage GmbH (Bertha-Benz-Strasse 5, 10557 Berlin, Germany). A cookie is set by this tool when you visit our website which allows us to recognise you the next time you visit. If you log in to your customer account or interact with our newsletter (e.g. by clicking on promotional links), we can link these usage data with your customer account (see above). We have concluded a processing contract with CrossEngage for this purpose.
You can object to the collection of data by CrossEngage by emailing optout@crossengage.io.
-       trbo
On our site, data are collected and stored by trbo GmbH, Leopoldstrasse 41, 80802 Munich, Germany (http://www.trbo.com/; ‘trbo’) from which user profiles are created using pseudonyms in order to display customer benefits tailored to your interests to you. We have concluded a processing contract with trbo for this. For this purpose, cookies may be used in order to recognise your internet browser the next time you visit. These user profiles are for analysing visitor behaviour and are evaluated in order to improve and design our services according to need. Without the separately given, express consent of the data subject, these pseudonymised user profiles will not be merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. You can object to this data processing at any time by visiting the following link: https://www.trbo.com/opt-out.
-      Google Ads Conversion Tracking
This website uses the ‘Google AdWords’ online marketing programme and, in the context of Google AdWords, conversion tracking by Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (‘Google’).
We use the Google AdWords service in order to draw attention to our services on external websites using advertising materials (so-called Google AdWords). In relation to the advertising campaign data we can determine how successful individual advertising measures are. In doing so, we pursue the interests of showing you advertising that is of interest to you, of making our website more interesting to you and of achieving a fair calculation of advertising costs. The cookie for conversion tracking is set when a user clicks on an AdWords ad placed by Google. These cookies generally expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If a user visits certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, Google and ourselves can see that the user has clicked on the ad and was forwarded to that page. Each Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. It is thus not possible to track cookies through the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to compile conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. We receive data on the total number of users who have clicked on our ad and have been forwarded to our web page, which is equipped with a conversion tracking tag. We do not, however, receive any information which can be used to identify users personally. We use Google AdWords on the basis of our legitimate interest in targeted advertising in accordance with point (f) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR.
Google LLC, headquartered in the US, is certified for the US–European ‘Privacy Shield’ data protection framework which ensures compliance with an adequate level of data protection. You can find more information about Google’s privacy policy at the following web address: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
You can permanently disable cookies for ads preferences by blocking them in your browser software settings or by downloading and installing the plugin available at the following address: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.
-      Google Ads Remarketing
Our website uses the functions of Google AdWords Remarketing, with which we advertise our website in Google search results and on third-party websites. It is operated by Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (‘Google’). For this purpose, Google sets a cookie in the browser on your device, which automatically enables personalised advertising using a pseudonymous cookie ID and on the basis of the pages you visit. Processing is on the basis of our legitimate interest in optimally marketing our website in accordance with point (f) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR.
Data processing beyond this will take place only if you have given consent to Google for your internet and app browser history to be linked with your Google account and for information from your Google account to be used for personalising ads that you view on the web. If in that case you are logged in to Google when you visit our website, Google will use your data together with Google Analytics data to compile and define target group lists for cross-device remarketing.
To that end, your personal data will temporarily be linked with Google Analytics data by Google so as to form target groups. You can permanently deactivate the setting of cookies for ads preferences by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following address: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
Google LLC, headquartered in the US, is certified for the US–European ‘Privacy Shield’ data protection framework which ensures compliance with an adequate level of data protection.
Further information and the privacy policy concerning advertising and Google can be found at: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
Google Data Manager
We use the Google Data Studio software on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 S.1 lit. f) GDPR, to safeguard our legitimate interests in the analysis, optimization and economic operation of our online offer, to visualize data regarding user behavior on our website www.omnicare.de in the form of graphic reports. We use data from the web analysis service Google Analytics and other data sources (such as Google AdWords). You can find more information about using Google Data Studio here.
-      Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager. This service enables the managing of the collection of various analysis data via a single interface. This tool is only for management and no separate cookies are set. You can find more information about Google Tag Manager by following this link: https://www.google.de/tagmanager/use-policy.html.
-      YouTube videos
This website uses the YouTube embedding function for displaying and playing back videos from the provider ‘YouTube’ which is part of Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (‘Google’) . This makes use of the advanced privacy mode, which only triggers the storage of user information when the video(s) is/are played back. When the playback of embedded YouTube videos is started, the provider ‘YouTube’ uses cookies to collect information on user behaviour. These allow ‘YouTube’, inter alia, to collect video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent abusive behaviours. If you are logged in to Google, your data will be directly attributed to your account when you click on a video. If you do not wish for YouTube to attribute data to your profile, you must log out before playing the video. When you play a video, Google stores your data as user profiles (even for users who are not logged in) and analyses these statistically. The sole party responsible for this data processing under data protection laws is Google.
Google LLC, headquartered  in the US, is certified for the US–European ‘Privacy Shield’ data protection framework which ensures compliance with an adequate level of data protection.
You can find further information on privacy when using ‘YouTube’ in the provider’s privacy policy at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
-      Facebook Ads Tracking
This website uses the Facebook Pixel from Facebook, a social media network owned by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (‘Facebook’).
The code implemented on this website can analyse the behaviour of visitors who have reached this website via a Facebook advertisement. This can be used for improving Facebook advertisements and these data are collected and stored by Facebook. The data collected are not accessible to us but can only be used in the context of placing advertisements. Using the Facebook Pixel code also sets cookies.
By using the Facebook Pixel, Facebook is informed of visits to this website so that visitors can be shown relevant ads on Facebook. If you have a Facebook account and are logged in, your visit to this website will be attributed to your Facebook user account.
You can find more information on the collection and use of data by Facebook and your rights in this regard and options for protecting your privacy in Facebook’s privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
-      Facebook Ads Remarketing
Our website in part uses the remarketing function of Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA (‘Facebook’). By means of this function, we can address visitors to our website with targeted advertising, by placing personalised Facebook advertisements based on their interests when they visit the social network Facebook.
To that end, so-called Facebook Remarketing Tags are embedded in our website. Using these tags, your browser will connect directly to Facebook’s servers when you visit the website. In this way Facebook will receive information about which of our web pages you have visited. Facebook can attribute this information to your personal Facebook profile. The information received in this way allows personalised Facebook advertisements based on your interests to be shown to you.
We and Facebook are jointly responsible under data protection law for this data collection and data transfer to Facebook. Any concerns under data protection law in this context can be addressed both to us and to Facebook. Only Facebook is responsible for the further processing of your data. If you do not wish for Facebook to attribute the information collected directly to your Facebook profile, you can deactivate this function in your Facebook privacy settings. To do this, you need to be logged in to Facebook.
-      Facebook Social Plugins
We use social plugins from facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. You can recognise these plugins by the Facebook logo or the words ‘Facebook Social Plugin’. If, for example, you click on the ‘Like’ button on our websites or leave a Facebook comment on our websites, the relevant information will be sent directly to Facebook by your browser and be stored there. Depending on your Facebook privacy settings, your Facebook likes and comments will be visible to your Facebook contacts or publicly. In order to enable Facebook to make any such attribution, we share data about your website visit with Facebook. We and Facebook are jointly responsible under data protection law for this data collection and data transfer. Any concerns under data protection law in this context can be addressed both to us and to Facebook. Only Facebook is responsible for the further processing of your data.
You can find more details on how Facebook handles your personal data and on your rights in connection with this in Facebook’s privacy policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not wish for Facebook to attribute the data collected via our websites to your Facebook account, you need to log out of Facebook before visiting our website.
-      Instagram Social Plugins
We use social plugins from Instagram. These functions are provided by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA (‘Instagram’). If you are logged in to your Instagram account, you can link the contents of our site with your Instagram profile by clicking on the Instagram button. In this way, Instagram can attribute your visit to our site to your user account. In order to enable Instagram to make any such attribution, we share data about your website visit with Instagram. We and Instagram are jointly responsible under data protection law for this data collection and data transfer to Instagram. Any concerns under data protection law in this context can be addressed both to us and to Instagram. Only Instagram is responsible for the further processing of your data.
You can find further information in this regard in Instagram’s privacy policy: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
-      Bing Universal Event Tracking (UET)
On our website, data are collected and stored using Bing Ads technologies, from which user profiles are compiled using pseudonyms. This is a service of Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, USA (‘Microsoft’). This service allows us to trace the activities of users on our website, if users have reached our website through Bing Ads advertisements. If you reach our website through one of these ads, a cookie will be set on your computer. A Bing UET Tag is integrated into our website. This is a piece of code used for storing some statistical data about the use of the website in conjunction with the cookie. This includes, inter alia, the time spent on the website, which parts of the website were accessed and through which ad users have reached the website. No information on your identity is collected.
The information collected is transmitted to Microsoft servers in the USA and stored there for a maximum of 180 days.
In addition, using so-called Cross-Device Tracking, Microsoft can trace your user behaviour across several of your electronic devices and is thus able to provide personalised advertising on Microsoft websites and in Microsoft apps. You can deactivate this at http://choice.microsoft.com/en-uk/opt-out.
You can find more information about analysis services from Bing on the Bing Ads website (https://help.ads.microsoft.com/#apex/3/en/53056/2). You can find more information on data protection with Microsoft and Bing in the Microsoft privacy statement (https://privacy.microsoft.com/privacystatement).
-      Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses so-called ‘cookies’, which are text files stored on your computer that allow the analysis of your use of the website. We process your data on the basis of our overriding legitimate interest in compiling easy-to-use website access statistics in a cost-efficient manner (point (f) of Art. 6(1) of the GDPR).
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address and the URLs of the web pages accessed) is transferred to Google servers in the USA and stored there. Google is certified under the US-EU Privacy Shield and thereby also ensures an adequate level of data protection in the US in accordance with Art. 45 of the GDPR. We do not store any of your data collected in connection with Google Analytics.
This website uses the option of IP anonymisation provided by Google Analytics. Thus, your IP address is shortened/anonymised by Google as soon as it is received. Google will use this information on our behalf to analyse your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide us with other services relating to the use of our website and the internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data by either Google or ourselves for the purposes of analysis.
This will not apply only if you have given consent to Google for your internet and app browser history to be linked with your Google account and for information from your Google account to be used for personalising ads that you view on the web. If in this case you are logged in to Google when you visit a page on our website, Google can use your data together with Google Analytics data to compile and define target group lists for cross-device remarketing. The sole party responsible for this linkage under data protection laws is Google. More detail on this can be found above under ‘Google Ads Remarketing'.
Thus, with the exception of the above-mentioned case, statistical analysis in the context of Google Analytics will be based only on anonymised data.
You can prevent Google from collecting your data in connection with Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following address: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
You can also prevent Google Analytics from collecting your data on this website by clicking on the link below. An opt-out cookie will be set which will prevent any future collection of your data when you visit this website: Prevent data collection by Google Analytics
You can find more information on Google’s Terms of Use as well as Google’s privacy policy at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html and https://policies.google.com/?hl=en.
Your right of access, rectification, objection, erasure, data portability and to lodge a complaint
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right (i) to obtain information from us as to whether and which personal data concerning you has been stored by us and to obtain copies of these data (Art. 15 of the GDPR); (ii) to request the rectification, completion or erasure of your personal data if these are inaccurate or are being processed unlawfully (Art. 16, Art. 17 of the GDPR); (iii) to request the restriction of processing of your personal data (Art. 18 of the GDPR); (iv) in certain circumstances, to receive your data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have them transmitted to a third party (right to data portability, Art. 20 of the GDPR); and (v) in certain circumstances, to object to the processing of your personal data (Art. 21 of the GDPR). If you wish to exercise one or several of these rights, you are welcome to contact us.
In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority (for contact details see www.dsb.gv.at) if you consider that your rights to data protection have been infringed.
The party responsible for the processing of your personal data is:
legero united digital GmbHLegero-United-Straße 4A-8073 Feldkirchen bei Graz
Email datenschutz@legero-united.comTelephone +43 316 429 100
If you have any questions about your rights as a data subject whose data are being processed, you can contact us at the above address at any time.
Trusted Shops Reviews Toolkit: 1.1.2