http://www.premierinc.com/privacy-notice
Suppliers
Investors
Careers
Contact Us
PremierConnect® Sign In
Search Query
Search
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: June 8, 2020
To view Premier’s Terms and Conditions click here.To view Premier’s Subsidiaries click here.
PURPOSE AND SCOPE
This Privacy Policy explains Premier’s online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of personal information you submit or we collect:
online, through our websites, mobile applications, social media pages,
offline, in connection with sales, marketing, partner and supplier engagement,
from third party sources, including ad networks and lead brokers, and
Premier’s other online services and tools that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”).
This Privacy Policy applies to Premier Inc. and its wholly and majority-owned entities. “Premier”, “we”, “us” and “our” are references to the entity responsible for the processing of your personal information, which generally is the entity that obtains your personal information.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we obtain through the Services, how we may use that personal information, which whom we may share it, and how you may exercise your rights regarding our processing of such personal information. The Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information we obtain and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO YOUR PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION. “Protected Health Information” is information that is protected by the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”). We may receive your Protected Health Information when we, for example, perform services on behalf of your health care providers. Protected Health Information is not handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Rather, Protected Health Information is treated in accordance with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations and the Business Associate Agreement we have with your health care provider. If you have any questions about the uses and disclosures of your Protected Health Information, please review contact us at PremierPrivacy@PremierInc.com.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE OBTAIN
The categories and types of personal information we may obtain through the Services include:
contact information (such as name, phone and fax number, email and postal address) for you or for others (e.g., principals in your business);
information used to create your online account (such as username, password and security questions and answer);
biographical and demographic information (such as date of birth, age, gender, job title/position, marital status and dependent, spousal and other family information);
commercial information, including purchase and customer service history;
financial information (such as payment information, including name, billing address and payment card details (i.e., card number, expiration date and security code); bank account information; financial statements; income and credit score);
geolocation data (such as data derived from your IP address, country and zip code) and the precise geolocation of your mobile device where we have provided notice and choice, as appropriate;
contact information you provide about friends or other people you would like us to contact;
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including clickstream data and other information about your online activities (such as information about your devices, browsing actions and usage patterns), including across our websites and third-party websites, that we obtain through the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies; and
other personal information contained in content you submit to us.
In addition, we may obtain identifiers such as government-issued ID numbers and Tax ID numbers, such as U.S. Social Security numbers.
Please note that providing personal information to us is voluntary on your part. If you choose not to provide us certain information, we may not be able to offer you certain products and Services, and you may not be able to access certain features of the Services.
HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the personal information we obtain to:
provide and administer our Services;
process and fulfill orders and keep you informed about the status of your order;
communicate about and administer our Services, events, programs and promotions (such as by sending alerts, promotional materials, newsletters and other marketing communications);
conduct and facilitate surveys, contests, focus groups and market research initiatives;
perform data analytics (such as market research, trend analysis, financial analysis and customer segmentation);
engage in ad retargeting and evaluate the effectiveness of our marketing efforts (including through our participation in ad networks);
provide customer support;
process, evaluate and respond to requests, inquiries and applications;
create, administer and communicate with you about your account (including any purchases and payments);
conduct marketing and sales activities (including generating leads, pursuing marketing prospects, performing market research, determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing campaigns and managing our brand);
operate, evaluate and improve our Services (such as by administering, enhancing and improving our tools/resources and Services; developing new Services);
perform accounting, auditing, payment processing, billing, reconciliation;
detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud and/or data security breaches;
maintain and enhance the safety and security of our Services, network information systems, information resources and employees; and
for other purposes for which we have obtained your consent.
We may combine personal information we obtain through Services with other information for the purposes described above. We may aggregate or anonymize personal information and use it for the purposes described above and for other purposes to the extent permitted by laws applicable to us.
HOW WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION
The categories and types of personal information listed above under the Section titled ‘PERSONAL INFORMATION WE OBTAIN’ collected through the Services may be shared with the following third parties for the following purposes:
We may share with our affiliates and subsidiaries to provide joint content and Services; to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, fraud and/or data security breaches; and, to guide decisions about our products, sites, applications, services, tools, and communications.
We may share your personal information with service providers under contract to perform services on our behalf (such as, but not limited to, fraud investigations, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, removing repetitive information from customer lists, software development, providing customer support, email delivery, marketing communications, bill collection, payment processing, site analytics and business operations).
We may disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, law or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with such legal process, to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, to protect your safety or the safety of others, to investigate fraud, or respond to a government request, or otherwise with your consent.
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution, liquidation or sale of business or assets we may share personal information collected from and about users to one or more third parties involved in such transaction. In such case, we will require the relevant third parties to provide comparable levels of protection that Premier provides with respect to the personal information we share.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties for monetary value or other consideration.
HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information we collect through the Services. However, you should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever completely secure or error-free. While we endeavor to safeguard your personal information please take steps to prevent unauthorized access to your account and personal information. You can do this by, for example, selecting and protecting your password appropriately, limiting access to your device and browser, and signing out of your account at the end of your session.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain the personal information we collect about and from you for as long as necessary to fulfill a business purpose or comply with a legal request. We may also choose to anonymize the personal information you provide to us if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time.
YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
We offer the ability for you to update your personal information preferences, limit the communications you receive from us or submit a request by contacting the Privacy Team at PremierPrivacy@PremierInc.com or call 877.777.1552 available Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 8 p.m. EST.
If you ever decide to terminate your use of the Services and wish to delete your account, you may do so by contacting the Privacy Team at the email address above.
We may send various marketing promotions, offers, invitations and other communications to you about our Services, special offers and promotions or invitations to our events. If at any time you no longer wish to receive such special offers or promotions, you can unsubscribe at the following link: https://www.premierinc.com/email-preference-center.
We may use vendors to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. You may exercise choice over how information about your interests is used by ad networks to deliver you relevant advertising for products and services available from us. To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the United States, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/.
In certain circumstances, you may:
access certain personal information that we maintain about you;
request that we update, correct, amend, or delete your personal information that we maintain;
ask for a copy of your personal information to be sent to a third party;
request that we provide you with the following:the categories of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected;
the business or commercial purpose for our collection of personal information;
the categories of personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; and
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; or
withdraw consent you previously provided to us.
We will take reasonable steps, where appropriate under the laws applicable to us, to honor your requests and apply your preferences on a go-forward basis. We will not discriminate against you in connection with your exercise of the foregoing rights by denying you any goods or services, charging you different rates for goods or services, or providing you with a different level or quality of goods or services.
COOKIES
Premier uses cookies (and other data collection technologies, such as web beacons and pixel tags) to provide all of the features and functions of the Services to you. By using the Services, you consent to the use of cookies. Our Cookies Policy, as outlined below, explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the service more useful to you.
How Premier Uses Cookies
When you use and access the Services, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser. We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Services, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, and to enable advertisement delivery, including behavioral advertising. We use both session and persistent cookies on the Services and we use different types of cookies to run the Services. We may also use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Third-Party Cookies and Third-Party Advertising
In addition to our own cookies, we may engage third party vendors to use their cookies to report to us usage statistics of the Services, deliver Premier advertisements on and through the Services, and for other similar purposes. For example, we partner with Google Analytics, who uses cookies to track your interactions with our Services. Google collects information and reports it to us, without identifying individual users. This information helps us improve our Services so that we can better serve users like you. For more information on Google Analytics, visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
One of the third parties we use to collect and track user statistics and trends related to our sites and services is LeadLander, Corp. through its LeadLander product offering (“LeadLander”). LeadLander’s privacy policy and how the LeadLander services operate and use data from our sites and services is available at: http://allaboutdnt.com.
On certain webpages of our Services, we may include social media plugins, such as the Facebook “like” button or Twitter “share” button. When you visit a page that displays one or more these plug-ins, your browser will establish a direct connection to the social media server to load the plug-in. If you are logged into your social media account when you access these pages, the social media site may collect certain activity data, such as your IP address. If you wish to prevent this, please log out of your social media accounts before visiting our Services. Clicking a button may also lead to a collection of certain activity data, such as your IP address. If you wish to obtain more information about social plug-ins, please visit the social media sites’ privacy policies.
Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature (“DNT”) that signals to the websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Many websites and applications, including our Services, do not currently respond to web browser DNT signals because such signals are not yet uniform. For more information about DNT signals, please visit http://allaboutdnt.com.
What are your choices regarding cookies?
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, visit the ‘Cookie Settings’ link in the footer of the website. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The Services are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information of children under the age of 13 via the Services. If we become aware that a child has provided Premier with personal information without prior parental consent, we will remove all information provided by such underage user from our database.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS PRIVACY RIGHTS
RIGHT TO SHORT REPORT OF PI COLLECTION
RIGHT TO EXPANDED REPORT OF PI COLLECTION:
RIGHT TO KNOW DATA SOLD/DISCLOSED FOR A BUSINESS
DO NOT SELL* MY PI/OPT-OUT OF COOKIES
RIGHT TO ACCESS
RIGHT TO DELETE YOUR DATA FOR THE PAST YEAR
Report will describe for the 12-month period after your request:(1) Categories of PI Collected; and (2) Purposes
You will know(1) Categories/ specific pieces of PI collected
(2) Commercial/ business purposes for same
(3) Sources of PI collected
(4) Third parties we share your PI with
We do not sell data for cash. We do use cookies. We do share with partners we tell you about.
We do not sell your data for cash, but we do use cookies and tracking technologies.
If you’d like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, visit the ‘Cookie Settings’ link in the footer of the website. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
You can request access to the data that we have available for you going back for a 12-month period following your verifiable Request.
Note that we will not delete data that is necessary to complete a transaction you initiated; or that we use for our internal purposes.
This report is only available twice in a 12-month period.
This report is only available twice in a 12-month period.
This report is only available twice in a 12-month period.
This report is only available twice in a 12-month period.
As of January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California consumers (California residents) with certain rights regarding their personal information (“PI”). This page describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights subject to our verification process.
If you are a California resident, you may send a request as described above by emailing us at PremierPrivacy@PremierInc.com with the subject line “California Privacy Rights” or calling 877.777.1552 available Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 8 p.m. EST.
Please note that under this law we are required to verify the identity of the consumer making a request. We will be requesting information about your existing account with Premier. We will request that you please make sure to provide the email address, the context or any other personal information you believe you have given us and upload a declaration under penalty of perjury verifying your identity or power of attorney if you are an authorized agent. To help process your request, please use the same device and browser you typically use to access Premier’s homepage.
NOTE TO INTERNATIONAL USERS
Our Services are intended for individuals located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and access the Services or submit your personal information to us, you do so at your own risk and choice. U.S. law may not offer the same privacy protections as the law of your jurisdiction. If you visit our Services or contact us from outside of the United States, please be advised that (i) any information you provide to us or that we automatically collect will be transferred to the United States; and (ii) that by using our Services or submitting information, you explicitly authorize its transfer to and subsequent processing in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S. law.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND LINKS
The Services may provide links to other third-party websites and features, or contain third-party cookies, operated by organizations not affiliated, owned or controlled by Premier. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that third-party websites may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third party websites are not covered by our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party websites, which are subject to their respective privacy policies. When linking to another website, you should read the privacy notice stated on that website and please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. This Privacy Policy only governs personal information collected by us via the Services.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Changes in this policy will be posted on this page so that you may always be aware of what information is being collected, how it is being used, and under what circumstances it is being disclosed. If we make material changes that would impact your use of the Services or your privacy, we will endeavor to notify you of the changes prior to the changes taking effect, such as by posting a notice directly on the Services, by sending an email notification (if you have provided your email address to us), or by any other reasonable method.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 14, 2020.
CONTACT US
For further questions regarding the Privacy Policy, your rights related to your personal data,
or other HIPAA concerns, please e-mail our Privacy Team at PremierPrivacy@PremierInc.com or call 877.777.1552 available Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. – 8 p.m. EST.
You can also visit the “Contact Premier” page.
Login
Register
Change Registration