https://www.midwestarboristsupplies.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
TO ENSURE PROMPT DELIVERY
Please include the following information on all orders:
Your midwestarboristsupplies.com Account Number (if applicable)
Bill To and Ship To addresses
Method of payment
Special shipping or billing instructions
BILL TO/SHIP TO ADDRESS
Please complete both sections, or have addresses handy when you order. It helps us process your order efficiently.
METHOD OF PAYMENT
If you’re paying by credit card you’ll need your card number and expiration date when you order. We gladly accept AMERICAN EXPRESS, VISA, MASTERCARD, or DISCOVER cards for purchases. If you have established a credit account with midewestarboristsupplies.com, we will bill you. Our credit terms for approved accounts are net 30 days, 1 1/2% monthly finance charge on unpaid balances after 30 days.
SPECIAL INSTRUCTIONS
Be sure to include any special instructions, such as if you need a specific delivery time.
PHONE ORDERS
Call our office at 1-800-423-3789 to place your order from 8:00 – 5:00 eastern standard time (Mon-Fri).
FAX ORDERS
Include your shipping and billing addresses, item number, and quantity and fax your order to our office 24-hours a day at 1-616-456-8040.
MAIL ORDERS
Include the shipping and billing addresses, item number, and quantity. Call for freight charges.
Send MONEY ORDER ONLY to:
Midwest Arborist Supplies
1730 Olson NE Suite A,
Grand Rapids, MI 49503
E-MAIL
Send request for sales information and assistance or catalogs to info@midwestarboristsupplies.com.
TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE
All shipments FOB our warehouse.
Credit Terms – Approved accounts only – Net 30 days. 1 1/2% monthly finance charge on unpaid balances after 30 days.
Orders accompanied with check for payment may be subject to a seven day holding period before shipment.
Returns: All material returned for credit must be cleared through our office before credit or replacement is issued. A restocking fee of 20% may apply. Returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Due to the nature of our product line, certain items cannot be returned for credit. Contact midwestarboristsupplies.com for details.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
If depicted item is not available, an item of similar quality and construction may be substituted.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER Seller does not have specific information concerning how the products sold in this catalog will be used and does not know the details concerning the packaging, handling or procedures which may be employed in association with any particular product sold in this catalog. Buyer is solely responsible for determining the adequacy of each product sold herein for the particular use or uses to which they are applied. Any misstatements, errors or omissions made by Seller in the advertising of the products shall not create any liability for Seller. Seller does not assume responsibility for compliance with any Federal, State or Local laws, rules, ordinances or regulations. Seller disclaims any implied or expressed warranties, including warranties of fitness and merchantability. In no event shall Seller be liable for any claim for incidental or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the manufacture, sale, delivery or use of any product described in this catalog. Seller’s liability in all events is limited to, and shall not exceed the purchase price paid for any product.
To place a phone order please call 1-800-423-3789
Product categoriesAlturn-A-Mats (13)
ArborJet Chemical/ Equipment (109)
Arborjet Chemicals (17)
ArborJet Equipment (92)
Diagnostic Equipment (1)
Insecticides (3)
Back Packs (39)
Books & Videos (17)
Book and DVD Sets (3)
Books (17)
Bucket Truck Harnesses/ Accessories (17)
Cabling/ Bracing supplies (71)
Chain Saw Equipment (51)
Chain Saw Accessories (10)
Chain Saw Bars & Chain (36)
Chemicals & Biological Products (50)
Arborjet Chemicals (10)
Fruit Eliminator (1)
Fungicides (13)
Growth Regulator (1)
Horticultural Oil (2)
Horticultural Soap (1)
Insecticides (15)
Macro-Injection Products (1)
Miscellaneous Chemicals (2)
ROW Herbicides (6)
T & O Herbicides (3)
Chipper Knives (29)
Chipper Knives (29)
Climbing 101 (25)
Climbing Gear (244)
Bags for Rope & Gear (12)
Bucket Truck Accessories (3)
Carabiners (34)
Climbing Accessories (50)
Climbing Rope (30)
Climbing Spikes (29)
Personal Lanyards (19)
Saddles (16)
Snaps (6)
Split Tails & Prusiks (17)
Throwline & ThrowBags (26)
Communication Systems (3)
Diagnostic Equipment (26)
Fertilizers & Soil Supplements (31)
Adjuvants (1)
Arborjet Chemicals (4)
Biostimulants (3)
Doggett Fertilizers (7)
Macro-Injection Products (3)
Micro Nutrients (4)
Nickel (1)
Nu-Arbor Fertilizers (3)
Plant Health Care Fertilizers (3)
Plant Health Care Mycorrhizae Products (3)
Remke Tablets (2)
Landscaping Supplies (27)
Drip Irrigation Bags (3)
Staking Equipment (1)
Trunk Protection (1)
Logging Tools (11)
Macro-Injection Products (9)
Fungicides (1)
Macro-Injection Products (5)
Macro-Injection Supplies (2)
Mauget Micro-Injection (30)
Antibiotics (1)
Combinations (4)
Mauget Fertilizers (6)
Mauget Fungicides (6)
Mauget Insecticides (13)
NEW PRODUCTS (23)
Nu-Arbor Fertilizers (9)
Pruning Equipment (126)
Bucket Truck Accessories (4)
Hand Pruners (26)
Hedge Shears (2)
Logging Tools (6)
Loppers (3)
Pole Pruners & Pole Saws (44)
Saws & Sheaths (42)
Rigging 101 (16)
Rigging equipment (71)
Pulleys & Blocks (16)
Rigging Hardware (11)
Rigging Rope (21)
Slings & Straps (23)
Safety Equipment (81)
Apparel (2)
Eye (20)
Face Protection (1)
First Aid (12)
Hand Protection (8)
Head Protection (17)
Hearing Protection (6)
Leg (2)
Traffic Control (10)
Spray/ Soil application tools (31)
Root Feeders (7)
Soil Injector (3)
Spray Guns (17)
Spray Hose (4)
Stump Grinding (38)
Stump Teeth (27)
XMAS Gifts 4 your ARBORIST (16)
Search for:
Shop
Tax Exempt?
Events
Contact Us
Login
We use cookies to improve your experience on our site.
To find out more, read our updated privacy policy and cookie policy.
ACCEPTRead MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?