http://www.fpe-ltd.co.uk/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions | Providing our customers the best possible service | FPE Seals Ltd
Coronavirus (COVID-19) update: All of our branches are open for business, with appropriate social distancing and hygiene measures in place to protect the safety and welfare of our staff, customers and suppliers.
All contractors and visitors to our sites must complete a standard brief questionnaire regarding certain high-risk COVID-19 transmission factors before they will be allowed on site.
Dismiss
Home
About
Contact
Downloads
Catalogue Info
Glossary of Tech Terms
Materials Compatibility
Fitting Tips
Seal Failure Causes
Swan Seals - Machined Seal Profiles
Credit Application Form
Covid 19
Visitor & Contractor Form
Our Service
Register
Log In
+44 (0)1325 282732
sales@fpeseals.com
Seals
Guide (Bearing) Rings
Piston Seals
Pneumatic Seals
Rod (Gland) Seals
Rotary (Oil) Seals
Static Seals
Wiper (Scraper) Seals
Cylinder Parts
Ancillary Components
Cylinder Components
Associated Products
Accessories
Adhesives
Tools
O Ring Kits
Assortment Boxes
Seal Kits
Seal Kits
Gaskets & Jointing
Express Machined Seals
About
Contact
Downloads
Our Service
Register
Log In
>
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Scroll down to view or Click here to download a pdf of our Website Terms & Conditions
Click here to download a pdf of our Terms & Conditions of Sale
Website
Terms & Conditions
1. Our Contract
These terms & conditions ("Website Terms") apply to your
use of the FPE Seals Ltd website at www.fpeseals.co.uk (the "Website", which term shall include
all content on the Website). You must read these Website Terms carefully, and
we recommend that you print and keep a copy for your future reference. By
accessing, browsing, using or registering with the Website, you confirm that
you have read, understood and agree to these Website Terms in their entirety.
If you do not agree to these Website Terms in their entirety, you must not use
the Website.
2. Privacy &
Cookies Policy
2.1 These Website Terms supplement (and are in addition to) the terms of
our Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. Our Privacy Policy explains what
personal information we collect about you when you use the Website and our
Cookies Policy deals with the use of cookies on the Website. You can view our
Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy by clicking here Cookies Policy.
2.2 When you agree to these Website Terms, you shall be deemed also to
have read, understood and agreed to our Privacy and Cookies Policies in their
entirety.
3. Terms &
Conditions relating to sales
If you order a product through the Website, our Terms & Conditions of
Sale will also apply. You can view these Terms & Conditions here after the end of the website T&C's below.
4. Your use of the
Website
4.1 You must only use this Website for lawful purposes, and you must not
use it in a way that infringes the rights of anyone else or that restricts or
inhibits anyone else´s enjoyment of the Website.
4.2 You may use, download and display the contents of this Website on a
computer screen and also print one copy of such content, but solely for your
own personal use or internal business purposes. Other than for your own
personal use or internal business purposes, you may not without our prior
written consent:
copy,
reproduce, use or otherwise deal with any content on the Website;
modify,
distribute or re-post any content on the Website for any purpose;
reproduce,
crawl, frame, link to or deep-link into this Website on or from any other
website or application/app or any other device connected to the Internet;
use
the content of the Website for any commercial exploitation whatsoever.
4.3 You may not use the Website for any of the following purposes:
disseminating
any unlawful, libellous, threatening, abusive, bullying, vulgar, obscene,
or otherwise objectionable material;
transmitting
material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence,
results in civil liability or otherwise breaches any laws, regulations or
codes of practice;
gaining
unauthorised access to our or other computer systems;
interfering
with any other person's use or enjoyment of the Website or the Internet;
interfering
or disrupting networks or web sites connected to the Website;
making,
transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by
copyright.
5. Use of this
Website from outside the UK
Except where otherwise specified on this Website, the materials on this
Website are displayed solely for the purposes of promoting FPE Seals’ products
and services available in the UK. Those who choose to access this Website from
locations outside the UK are responsible for compliance with local laws if and
to the extent local laws are applicable.
6. Ownership of
rights
6.1 The content of the Website is protected by copyright, trade marks,
database and other intellectual property rights. All rights, including
copyright and other intellectual property rights, in and to this Website are
owned by or licensed to FPE Seals.
6.2 If you acquire any copyright or other intellectual property rights
in the Website (whether by operation of law or otherwise), then you agree to
assign (on a worldwide basis to the fullest extent permitted by law) those
rights to FPE Seals Ltd (including any rights you may have in user generated
content that you submit through the Website). You will also unconditionally and
irrevocably waive any and all moral rights you acquire in or to the Website.
6.3 You further agree to execute all such documents and do all such acts
and things as we may reasonably require in order to assign any such rights to
us and to waive any moral rights you acquire in or to the Website.
7. Password/account
security
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password
and account and any activities that occur under your account. We will not be
liable for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by you
to protect your password or account.
8. Availability of
the Website
8.1 We can make no promise that the services at the Website will be
consistently fault free. If a fault occurs in the service please report it to
our Customer Services team websupport@fpeseals.co.uk. We will attempt
to correct the fault as soon as we reasonably can.
8.2 Access to the Website may occasionally be restricted or limited to
allow for repairs, upgrades or general maintenance. We will endeavour to
restore access as soon as we can.
9. Damage to your
computer or other device
9.1 FPE Seals uses reasonable efforts to ensure that this Website is
free from viruses and other malicious or harmful content. However, we cannot
guarantee that your use of this Website (including any content on it or any
website accessible from it) will not cause damage to your computer or other
device.
9.2 It is your responsibility to ensure that you have the right
equipment and software (including antivirus software) to use the Website safely
and to screen out anything that may damage or harm your computer or other
device.
9.3 We shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage they
suffer as a result of viruses or other malicious or harmful content that they
access from or via the Website.
9.4 We have placed links on this Website to other websites we think you
may want to visit. We do not vet these websites and do not have any control
over their contents. We do not accept any liability in respect of the use of
these websites.
10. Accuracy of
content
10.1 FPE Seals disclaims all representations and warranties, express or
implied, that content or information displayed in or on this Website is
accurate, complete, up-to-date and/or does not infringe the rights of any third
party (to the extent permitted by applicable law).
10.2 The views expressed in user generated content are the opinions of
those users and do not necessarily represent the views, opinions, beliefs or
values of FPE Seals or any of its group companies.
11. Our liability
11.1 The Website is provided by us for your use without any warranties
or guarantees. You must bear the risks associated with the use of the Internet.
11.2 We shall not be responsible for any breach of these Website Terms
caused by circumstances beyond our control.
11.3 We exclude all representations, warranties, conditions and terms
(whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise) to the fullest
extent permitted by law. We accept no liability for any losses or damages which
are not reasonably foreseeable arising out of or in connection with these
Website Terms or your use of the Website.
11.4 Except to the extent required by applicable law, we shall not be
liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of or
reliance on any content or information displayed in or on this Website.
11.5 These Website Terms shall not limit or exclude any liability that
we are not permitted to limit or exclude under applicable law (such as death or
personal injury).
12. Indemnity
You will indemnify us against all losses, liabilities, costs and
expenses reasonably suffered or incurred by us, all damages awarded against us
under any judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction and any sums paid by us
as a result of any settlement agreed by us arising out or in connection with:
any
claim by any third party that the use of the Website by you is defamatory,
offensive, bullying or abusive, or of an obscene or pornographic nature,
or is illegal or constitutes a breach of any applicable law, regulation or
code of practice;
any
claim by any third party that the use of the Website by you infringes that
third party’s copyright or other intellectual property rights of whatever
nature; and
any
fines or penalties imposed by any regulatory, advertising or trading body
or authority in connection with the use of the Website by you.
13. Entire
Agreement
These Website Terms (including our Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy and
Terms & Conditions of sale) set out the entire agreement between you and us
and supersede any and all prior terms, conditions, warranties and/or
representations to the fullest extent permitted by law.
14. Changes to
these Website Terms
We reserve the right to change and update these Website Terms from time
to time. We recommend that you revisit this page regularly to keep informed of
the current Website Terms. By continuing to access, browse and use this Website,
you will be deemed to have agreed to any changes or updates to our Website
Terms.
15. Applicable Law
These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of England and any disputes will be decided only by
the English courts.
16. Miscellaneous
16.1 If any provision of these Website Terms is found to be invalid by
any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of that provision will
not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Website Terms, which
shall remain in full force and effect.
16.2 A person who is not a party to these Website Terms shall have no
right under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term
of these Website Terms but this shall not affect any right or remedy of a third
party which exists or is available apart from that Act.
16.3 The Website is owned and operated by FPE Seals Limited (Company
Number 3725829) a company registered in England and Wales whose registered
office is at 12 Charterhouse Square, London, EC1M 6AX.
Darlington
T: +44 (0)1325 282732
F: +44 (0)1325 381815
E: sales@fpeseals.com
Doncaster
T: +44 (0)1302 727252
F: +44 (0)1302 330794
E: doncaster@fpeseals.com
Aberdeen
T: +44 (0)1224 648999
F: +44 (0)1224 648849
E: sales@swanseals.co.uk
The Netherlands
T: +31 (0)1625 81060
F: +31 (0)1625 22858
E: info@fpesealsbv.com
FPE Seals Ltd
Barrington Way, Darlington, Co Durham, DL1 4WF
T: +44 (0)1325 282732
F: +44 (0)1325 381815
E: sales@fpeseals.com
FPE Seals
Blog
Careers
Locations
Locations
Aberdeen
Darlington
Doncaster
FPE Seals Benelux
Legal
Cookies
Privacy Policy
Despatch & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
Covid 19 Risk Assessment
Modern Slavery Statement
Website created by hush.digital