https://www.calleng.ie/privacy
Skip to content
About this web site
This web site is owned and operated by Callaghan Engineering, a professional engineering services consultancy with offices at Wentworth House, 19-20 Hogan Place, Lower Grand Canal Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. For specific issues relating to the web site, or to report any content please send a e-mail to: webmaster@calleng.ie. We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time, particularly as technology changes. You can always check this page for the latest version.
Privacy & Security
Callaghan Engineering does not collect personally identifiable information on our visitors, except where you choose to provide this, for example via a web site form. Even if you provide information to us, Callaghan Engineering will use this information only for the purpose for which it was provided. We will not rent, sell, share or otherwise pass on any personally identifying information to other companies or individuals.
Cookies
Callaghan Engineering uses various statistical tools to aggregate information about visitors to our site. These tools do not collect personally identifying information, and we use them only to tell us which parts of our web site have the most traffic. These tools work by using cookies, small files which are stored on a user's computer. These are the ways in which cookies may be used on this web site:
We collect anonymous statistics about your visit, like which of our pages you viewed.
Some 3rd party sites like LinkedIn and Twitter may know you visited this website, if you use their services.
If you sign up with us we take great care to keep your information safe and we’ll never share it with others without your express permission.
We never share your data with 3rd parties. We use it solely to help us deliver our own services.
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
Your current state: No consent given. Manage your consent.
Liability
Callaghan Engineering seeks to provide accurate and factual information to our visitors via our web site, however Callaghan Engineering accepts no liability whatsoever, implicit or implied, for any damages of any sort arising out of your use of this site or the information contained herein.
Our web site may contain links to external web sites. Callaghan Engineering has no control over the content of external links and we hereby disclaim any and all responsibility for the content thereon. Links to external sites or resources do not constitute an endorsement, implicit or implied, of the linked content.
Accreditation, content, and copyright
All content on this site is by Callaghan Engineering unless otherwise indicated. Where we use external content, we will always credit the source and/or provide a link to the original content in it’s original location. All images on the site are either public domain or provided by Callaghan Engineering, their agents or clients, and used with permission. Such content or images may not be reproduced without the explicit consent of Callaghan Engineering.
Content provided by others is the responsibility & copyright of the respective authors. Callaghan Engineering does not necessarily endorse the views expressed by others.
If you feel that your content has been used without your permission, or to report inappropriate or inaccurate content, please e-mail webmaster@calleng.ie with a concise description of the problem and a link to content in question.
Branding and Logo
Callaghan Engineering Logo(s) and Branding
You may use Callaghan Engineering logo provided:
(a). The Callaghan Engineering logo is not part of your product name, company name or website domain name.
(b). The Callaghan Engineering logo appears less prominent than your product or service name, logo or brand.
(c). The reference to Callaghan Engineering does not create a sense of endorsement, sponsorship, or false association with Callaghan Engineering or Callaghan Engineering's products or services.
(d). The use does not show Callaghan Engineering or its products or services in a false or derogatory light.
(e). If the logo is used on a website it links to https://www.calleng.ie
You may not manufacture, sell or give-away merchandise items, such as T-shirts, mugs, etc. bearing the Callaghan Engineering brand, including symbols, logos, or icons, except pursuant to a separate express written agreement from Callaghan Engineering.
Page last updated: 24th November 2020, Added cookie consent status
In common with most web sites, this web site uses cookies. Read More OK RejectPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.