http://www.azimuthprint.co.uk/policy/
0117 332 0055 / 0800 471 4999 FREE SAMPLE PACK
HOME
QUICK QUOTE
ABOUT US
TESTIMONIALS
NEWS
ARTWORK
TEMPLATES
CONTACT
Privacy & Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site.
Information We Collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.
Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase or order a sample pack.
Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means.
If you order a sample pack or make a purchase you automatically subscribe to our newsletter. As a subscriber you will get promotional, informative e-mails from us until you unsubscribe.
Use of Cookies
Cookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website and ensure that we give you the best possible experience at AzimuthPrint.co.uk
We may gather information about your general Internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally. It is statistical data. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Disabling Cookies
You can change the settings on your computer at any time to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer. If you continue using AzimuthPrint.co.uk without adjusting your settings, we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on our website.
Use of Your Information
We use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:
To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.
To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you.
To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.
If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.
Storing Your Personal Data
By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We do our up-most to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is treated stored securely.
Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, Sending such information is entirely at your own risk.
Disclosing Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:
In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.
Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.
To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud.
Surveys or Contests
From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information such as name and shipping address, and demographic information such as postal code.
We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to improve site usability and to gauge reaction to new products or services.
We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
Access to Information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of £25 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Marketing
Occasionally we may use a picture of your printed product on our blog or on one of the social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest. Please advise us if you do not want your products to be used in this way.
This website uses Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Azimuth Print website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.
Contacting Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us regarding any matter relating to this Privacy Policy on 0117 332 0055 or at sales@azimuthprint.co.uk
Returns Policy
Every printed item is uniquely tailored to the particular requirements of the customer. One company's printed forms are of no use to anyone but that company. This makes an "open" returns policy very difficult to operate. However; at Azimuth Print Ltd we want our customers to be completely satisfied with the printed products we supply. Our "Returns Policy" ensures that you are fully protected from any error made by us.
Every effort is made to ensure that your work is printed to a good commercial standard.
At any stage during the manufacture of your printing, but only at the customers request, we are able to provide a proof for an extra charge of £20 + vat per A3 or part there of.
If we make a mistake in following customers instructions, or make an error, which is our fault, we will happily reprint the job at our expense.
If however you are unhappy with the quality of the printed goods provided, you can return them to us within 14 days, and we will reprint the job at our expense. Please note: no liability can be accepted by Azimuth Print Ltd for errors, grammar, spelling or omissions made on artwork provided by a customer, or once any proof has be approved by the customer.
How to return an order
Please follow the steps below to enable us to process your return efficiently:
Wrap the goods securely in the original packaging (if any), ensuring that you include the full order quantity supplied.
Send the package to the address below:
Returns Department
Azimuth Print Ltd
Unit 2A, Princess Street
Bedminster
Bristol
BS3 4AG
We will notify you via e-mail when your return has been received. For your protection we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service.
How to Return Goods Damaged in Transit
If you take delivery of a Azimuth Print Ltd package and the contents have been damaged in transit, you can report the damage to us within 30 days and return the item(s) to us for exchange.
Please report the damaged goods to us by emailing: sales@azimuthprint.co.uk within 30 days of delivery.
Please keep the goods safe and you will be contacted by return.
Eco-Friendly Printing
|
Price Promise
|
Refer a Friend
|
FAQ
|
Blog
|
Sitemap
|
Privacy & Returns Policy