https://www.raymondjamescaravans.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Login / Register
| My Basket
CategoriesAccessories
Awnings
Furniture
Isabella
Kampa
Tv's and Sat Nav's
Uncategorised
Can we help? Do you have a question about this product?
Note: We do not share your data with any third parties
Avondale Property (Holdings) Limited and Raymond James Caravans Limited operate within the Caravan, Leisure Vehicle and Mobile Home retail sector.
When you use these services, you will share some information with us. So we want to tell you about the information we collect, how we use it, who we share it with and the choices we give you to control, access and update your information.
Information we collect
There are 3 basic categories of information we collect:
Information you choose to give us.
Information we get when you use our services.
Information we get from third parties.
Here is a little more detail on each of these categories.
Information you choose to give us
When you interact with our services, we collect the information that you choose to share with us when you complete our sales order form or other documentation related to your purchase.
When you contact our service we will collect information relevant to the services you are requesting.
Information we get when you use our services
When you use our services, we collect information about which of those services you have used and how you have used them.
Usage information.
We collect information about your activity through our services. For example, we may collect information about:
The service history of your Caravan or Mobile Home.
The warranty information for your Caravan or Mobile Home.
Information relating to any correspondence that you have sent us by email or postal delivery services.
Purchase information relating to Caravan Accessories purchased either from our retail shop or through the internet via ebay or our website shop.
Information collected by cookies and other technologies.
Like most online services and mobile applications, we may use cookies and other technologies such as web beacons, web storage and unique advertising identifiers to collect information about your activity, browser and device. We may also use these technologies to collect information when you interact with services we offer through one of our partners, such as ebay and Caravan Finder. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our services.
Log information.
We also collect log information when you use our website. That information includes, among other things:
Details about how you have used our services.
Device information, such as your web browser type and language.
Access times.
Pages viewed.
IP address.
Identifiers associated with cookies or other technologies that may uniquely identify your device or browser.
Pages you visit before or after navigating to our website.
Information we collect from third parties
We may collect information that other users provide about you when they use our services. For example, Finance Houses, ebay, Work Place Pension Providers.
How we use information
What do we do with the information we collect? The short answer is: provide you with an amazing set of products and services that we improve relentlessly. Here are some of the ways we do that:
Develop, operate, improve, deliver, maintain and protect our products and services.
Send you communications, including by email. For example, we may use email to respond to support enquiries or to share information about our products, services and promotional offers that we think may interest you.
Enhance the safety and security of our products and services.
Verify your identity and prevent fraud or other unauthorised or illegal activity.
Use information we have collected from cookies and other technology to enhance the services and your experience with them.
We may also store some information locally on your device. For example, we may store information as local cache so that you can open the application and view content faster.
How we share information
We may share information about you in the following ways:
With third parties.
We may share your information with the following third parties:
Finance Houses, ebay, Work Place Pension Providers, Caravan Finder, Park Home Manufacturers, Touring Caravan Manufacturers and Caravan Accessory Suppliers.
With service providers, sellers, and partners.
We may share information about you with service providers who perform services on our behalf, sellers that provide goods through our services, and business partners that provide services and functionality. Including Finance Houses, ebay, Work Place Pension Providers, HMRC, Mailing houses.
With third parties for legal reasons.
We may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:
Comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule or regulation.
Investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service violations.
Protect our, our users’ or others’ rights, property and safety.
Detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.
Third-party content and integrations
The services may also contain third-party links and search results, include third-party integrations, or offer a co-branded or third-party-branded service. Through these links, third-party integrations and co-branded or third-party-branded services, you may be providing information (including personal information) directly to the third party, us, or both. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for how those third parties collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our services.
How long we keep your data
Data relating to employment by the companies will be kept for 7 years after the employment ends.
Data relating to Employee Health Screening and Health and Safety Matters will be kept for a minimum of 70 years or until the death of the employee if notified.
Data relating to Touring Caravan and Awning purchases will be kept for 10 years.
Data relating to Mobile Home sales and 1983 Mobile Home Act Written Statements will be kept until the Mobile Home is removed from the pitch.
Images recorded on CCTV equipment will automatically be deleted within 30 days of being recorded.
Control over your information
We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with the following tools.
Access and updates.
We strive to let you access and update most of the personal information that we have about you. However, there are limits to the requests we will accommodate. We may reject a request for a number of reasons, including, for example, that the request risks the privacy of other users, requires technical efforts that are disproportionate to the request, is repetitive, or is unlawful. If you need to access, update or delete other personal information that we may have, you can put in a request to our Data Controller in writing to the address at the end of this policy. Because your privacy is important to us, we may ask you to verify your identity or provide additional information before we let you access or update your personal information. We will try to update and access your information for free, but if it would require a disproportionate effort on our part, we may charge a fee. We will of course disclose the fee before we comply with your request.
Revoking permissions.
If you change your mind about our ongoing ability to collect information from certain sources that you have already consented to, you can simply revoke your consent by writing to the Data Controller at the address at the end of this policy.
Children
Our services are not intended for — and we do not direct them to — anyone aged under 16 except where Children undertake work experience, we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone aged under 16.
Where Children undertake work experience with us the data we collect from them will be kept as if they were an employee.
Revisions to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we will let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that is available on our website. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ home pages or providing you with an in-app notification).
The Data Controller
Avondale Property (Holdings) Limited
Witherley House
Carlyon Road
Atherstone
Warwickshire
CV9 1JE
or
The Data Controller
Raymond James Caravans Limited
Witherley House
Carlyon Road
Atherstone
Warwickshire
CV9 1JE