http://www.csbtx.com/terms.php
Citizens State Bank
To report lost or stolen debit cards after banking hours
Call Toll Free 888-297-3416
Menu
Home
Products & Services
Checking
Savings
Other Services
My Card Rules
Rates
Account Forms
CitizensNet Application
Visa Debit Card Application
ATM Card Request
Reg E - Changes That May Affect Your Account
Reg E Opt In or Out Consent Form
Loan Forms
Consumer Loan Application
Uniform Residential Loan Application
Real Estate Loan Application
for Vacant Lot - Interim Construction - Commercial -
Agricultural
Personal Financial Statement
Student Loan Information
Employment
Contact Us
Email Us
Locations
History of Citizens State Bank and Statement of Condition
Online Security Resources
To report lost or stolendebit cards after bankinghours call Toll Free888-297-3416
Sign on to Online Banking
Click here to log in to online banking.
LOG IN to the new look and feel of CitizensNet Banking!
Terms of Use
Beware of Phishing
Attempts and Internet Scams
While email is convenient and has a
good business use, it can also be misused by criminals for scams and various
other fraudulent purposes.  “Phishing
emails” are frequently used by criminals to entice the recipient to visit a
fraudulent website where they try to convince the recipient to provide personal
information, such as ATM card numbers, account numbers, Social Security
numbers, access IDs, and passcodes.  Some
of these fraudulent websites may also be virus laden and can be used to
download mal-ware to your computer.
Fraudulent websites often look identical to a legitimate site, so it’s
important to look very closely at the website address.
Below we have listed a few tips to help
protect your personal information on the Internet:
Always
be wary of links in emails, especially any links in emails purporting to be
from this Institution.
Please remember that if we send you
an email, we will never ask for personal information such as your account
number, ATM card number, PIN, or
social security number.
Bookmark
financial websites and use these bookmarks every time you visit the website.
Whenever
you enter personal information like your access ID or passcode, always look for
the lock symbol, or https: in the address bar.
Always click on the lock symbol and review the certificate details.
Update
your Internet browser!  Most browsers now
offer free anti-phishing toolbars that can help alert you of fraudulent
websites.
If
you send us an email, please do not include any confidential, personal, or
sensitive information in the email message, as email messages are generally not
secure.  We do offer
secure messaging through our Internet Banking product and you may use this secure
messaging feature if you need to send us sensitive or confidential
information.
Make
sure your computer always has up-to-date versions of both anti-spyware and
anti-virus software.
If
you receive an e-mail that you think could be a scam, delete it immediately, or
forward the email to info@csbtx.com.
If you have any questions about the
legitimacy of an email, especially an email from this Institution, you can also
call us at this number 979-596-1421 or forward the
email to info@csbtx.com.
External 3rd Party Links
Our website may include links to external
3rd party web sites.  These links to
external 3rd parties are offered as a courtesy and a convenience to our customers.  When you visit these sites, you will leave
our website and will be redirected to another site.
This Institution does not control
linked 3rd party web sites.  We are not an agent for these third parties
nor do we endorse or guarantee their products.  We make no representation
or warranty regarding the accuracy of the information contained in linked
sites.  We suggest that you always verify the information obtained from
linked websites before acting upon this information.  Also, please be aware that the security and
privacy policies on these sites may be different from our policies, so please
read third party privacy and security policies closely.
While using our website, you may still
see our logo when linking to a 3rd party site.
A technique called “framing” allows us to display our logo and look and
feel while allowing you to browse another site at the same time.  It’s important to note that while you may
still see our logo and frame, any information you provide to a 3rd party is not
covered by our privacy or security policies.
If
you have questions or concerns about the privacy policies and practices of
linked 3rd parties, please review their websites and contact them directly.
Security
This Institution and our Service
Providers maintain strong physical, electronic, and procedural controls to
protect against unauthorized access to customer information.  Our computer systems are protected in the
following ways:
Computer
anti-virus protection detects and prevents viruses from entering our website,
email, and computer network systems.
Firewalls
and intrusion prevention systems block unauthorized access by individuals or
networks.
We
use encryption technology to protect the transmission of your confidential
information.  Whenever you login to our
Internet banking product or schedule an online transaction through our system,
the communication is encrypted.  Encryption
scrambles transferred data so unauthorized parties cannot read it.
We
use strong multi-level authentication and behavior analysis to help prevent
unauthorized access to your accounts.
Multi-level authentication can help prevent access by someone who may
have stolen your login credentials.
We
provide secure email through our Internet Banking product to help ensure that
your communications with us are confidential.
We
continually monitor technological advances and upgrade our systems to ensure
your information remains secure.
Privacy of Children
COPPA, the Children's Online Privacy
Protection Act, protects children under the age of 13 from the collection of
personal information on the Internet.  This
financial institution respects the privacy of children.
We do not knowingly collect names, email addresses, or any
other personally identifiable information from children.  We do not knowingly market to children, nor
do we allow children under 13 to open online accounts.
Cookies
By accessing this site the User acknowledges that even though the Owner and the
Host of this site have taken security measures, the Internet should be used
with caution.  Concerns about the
possible lack of privacy, vulnerability to viruses, and the acceptance of
"cookies" are the responsibility of the User.
The
term “cookie” as used in this disclosure means a small
text file sent by a web server and stored on your hard drive, your computer’s
memory, or in your browser so that it can be read back later.  Cookies are
a basic way for a server to identify the computer you happen to be using at the
time.  Cookies are used for many things
from personalizing start up pages to facilitating online purchases.
Cookies help sites recognize return visitors and they perform a very important
function in secure Internet banking.
"Session cookies” are used to monitor session activity within our Internet
banking product.  These cookies are encrypted and only our Service Provider can read the
information in these cookies.  The
session cookie facilitates the processing of multiple transactions during a
session without requiring you to reenter your passcode for each individual transaction.
Session cookies used within our Internet banking product do not pass to
your computer’s hard drive.  Instead, the
cookie is stored in your computer’s memory, identifying only your computer
while you are logged on.  When you log
off, or close your browser, the cookie is destroyed.  A new cookie is used for each session; that
way, no one can use the prior cookie to access your account.  For additional security, the cookie expires
after a short period of inactivity determined by our Service Provider.  It must then be renewed by reentering your
passcode.  We do not use this cookie to
collect or obtain personal information about you.
An encrypted
non-expiring cookie may also be used within our Internet banking product for
the identification of this Institution.
CitizensNet Banking
The
Internet Banking Section "CitizensNet Banking" is for authorized
users only.  Any attempt to enter the
secured Internet Banking section is prohibited by federal laws and will be reported
to law enforcement authorities.
E-Mail
E-mail
communications are considered an informal method of communication between the
Sender and Citizens State Bank (and vice versa).  Official communications with Citizens State
Bank must be made via conventional methods (mail or courier).
Terms and Use Disclosure Updates
This disclosure maybe updated from
time-to-time as new products and features require changes to it.  The effective date of our policy will always
be clearly displayed.  It is your
responsibility to familiarize yourself with the current Terms and Use
disclosure in effect when you access our web site or when you login to our
Internet banking product.  If we make
changes that require prior notice to you, or the opportunity that you can opt-out
of our Internet banking product, such disclosures will be made as required.
Questions
If
you have any questions about our Terms and Use Disclosure or concerns about our
privacy practices, please contact us at 979-596-1421 or mailto:info@csbtx.com.
Our general Privacy Notice is
accessible by clicking here:
NOTICE OF YOUR FINANCIAL PRIVACY RIGHTS.
© 2020 Citizens State Bank of Somerville. All rights reserved.  Privacy
Notice  |  Terms of Use  |  Site Map