http://www.starfireworks.co.uk/privacy-policy
FAQ's
Wedding Fireworks
Our Story
Displays
Blog
Consultancy Services
Call Now 0800 781 0511 Contact Us
Back
Weddings
Wedding Display Packages
Local Guide
Back
The Company
Our Pyrotechnicians
Our Fireworks
Special Effects
Back
Portfolio
Bonfire Night Displays
Fireworks For Television, Concerts and Festivals
Local Authorities and National Events
Pyromusicals
Back
All About Fireworks in
2020
Firework Industry News
Privacy PolicyUpdated 8th Feb 2020This privacy policy sets out how Star Fireworks uses and protects any information that you give Star Fireworks when you use this website.Star Fireworks is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.Star Fireworks may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 8/2/20What we collectWe may collect the following information:·         name and job title·         contact information including email address·         demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests·         other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:.         To respond to your questions about our services·         Internal record keeping.·         We may use the information to improve our products and services.·         We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. All emails will have an opt-out link should you wish to stop receiving emails from Star Fireworks. We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party. Distribution of InformationWe may share information with government agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud. Data RetentionWe retain your data for 36 months for marketing analytics or as long as we are required by taxing authorities. If you wish to have your data removed please contact hello@starfireworks.co.uk. We will remove any data we are not required to retain by UK tax authorities.    Information About ChildrenOur website is not intended for or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us at hello@starfireworks.co.uk, so that we may delete the information.Social Media FeaturesOur Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.External WebsitesOur Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. The cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. Consult the help menu on your browser for more information.Google Analytics and Pinterest are two of the third party companies we use to analyse web traffic.Please contact hello@starfireworks with any concerns or questions about this privacy statement and the data we collect.