https://www.firstediting.com/privacy-policy/
I’m an author of:
Fiction
Books
Novels
Literature
Urban
Children/YA
And More…
Learn More
Nonfiction
Business
Self-Help
Biographies
Christian/Religion
Historical
And More…
Learn More
Academic
Papers
Journals
Proposals
Theses/Dissertations
EFL/ESL
And More…
Learn More
Compare Editing Services
High-Impact Editing
Executive Book Coaching
Developmental Content Editing
Advanced Line Editing
Standard Copy Editing
Basic Proofreading
Get Advice
Private Consultations
Get Feedback
Editorial Critique/Review
Formatting Services
eBooks
Table of Contents
Indexing
Running Headers
PDF
Agent Submissions
Book Synopsis
Query Letter
Author’s Bio
Book Outline
Are you ready to edit?
Get a Free Sample
Privacy Notice
INTRODUCTION
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site www.FirstEditing.com
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
Pro Writing & Editing Group, Inc. is the data controller, and we are responsible for your personal data (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice).
Contact Details
Pro Writing & Editing Group, Inc.
editors@firstediting.com
1400 Village Square Blvd #3-85151 Tallahassee, FL 32312  – Do NOT send written communication.
This address is for legal purposes only. Send all communication ELECTRONICALLY for speed & efficiency.
It is essential that the information we hold about you to be accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at editors@firstediting.com
WHAT DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU, FOR WHAT PURPOSE AND ON WHAT GROUND WE PROCESS IT
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymized data.
We may process the following categories of personal data about you:
Communication Data that includes any communication that you send to us whether that be through the contact form on our website, through email, text, social media messaging, social media posting, or any other communication that you send us. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping, and for the establishment, pursuance, or defense of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims.
Customer Data that includes data relating to any purchases of goods or services such as your name, title, billing address, delivery address email address, phone number, contact details, purchase details, and your card details. We process this data to supply the goods or services you have purchased and to keep records of such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract or purchase order between you and us OR taking steps at your request to enter into such an agreement, contract, or purchase order.
User Data that includes data about how you use our website and any online services together with any data that you post for publication on our website or through other online services. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you; to ensure the security of our website; to maintain backups of our website and databases; and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services, and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to administer our website and our business properly.
Technical Data that includes data about your use of our website and online services such as your IP address, login data, browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views, navigation paths, number of times you use our website, time zone settings, and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking system. We process this data to analyze your use of our website and other online services; to administer and protect our business and website; to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you; and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to administer our website and our business properly and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.
Marketing Data that includes data about your preferences in receiving marketing from our third parties and us and your communication preferences. We process this data to enable you to partake in our promotions such as competitions, prize drawings, and free giveaways; to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you; and to measure or understand the effectiveness of this advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.
We may use Customer Data, User Data, Technical Data and Marketing Data to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you (including Facebook adverts or other display advertisements) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you. Our lawful ground for this processing is legitimate interests which are to grow our business. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Document Data that includes data about your writing or research. We process this data to provide professional editing samples and services at your request and on your behalf. Our lawful ground of processing is to demonstrate our skills which in this cases fulfills your requests for services. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.
Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between you and us, and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract/commitment (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered, but if we do, we will notify you at the time.
We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. For more information on this, please email us at cservice@firstediting.com.
We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may collect data about you by you providing the data directly to us (for example by filling in forms on our site or by sending us emails). We may automatically collect certain data from you as you use our website by using cookies and similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for more details about this.
We may receive data from global third parties such as analytics providers such as Google, advertising networks such as Facebook, such as search information providers such as Google, providers of technical, payment and delivery services, such as data brokers, aggregators, or similar such services and providers which may be based anywhere in the world. We may also receive data from publicly available sources.
MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS
Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).
Under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we may send you marketing communications from us if (i) you made a purchase or asked for information from us about our goods or services or (ii) you agreed to receive marketing communications and in each case you have not opted out of receiving such communications since. Under these regulations, if you are a limited company, we may send you marketing emails without your consent. However, you can still opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at any time.
Before we share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes, we will get your express consent.
You can ask third parties or us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out link on any marketing message sent to you.
If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases, warranty registrations, free samples, price quotes, consultations, etc.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers
Government bodies that require us to report processing activities.
Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Our third party service providers are based globally, so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data internationally.
Whenever we transfer your personal data, we do our best to ensure a similar degree of security of data by ensuring we transfer your personal data to countries providing an adequate level of protection for personal data
We request your consent to the transfer when you send info via our forms or client center. You will have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, altered, disclosed, or accessed without authorization. We also allow access to your personal data only to those workers and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they must keep it confidential.
We have procedures in place to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach if we are legally required to.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
When deciding what the correct time is for which to keep the data we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the processing purposes, legal requirements, and if these can be achieved by other means.
For tax purposes, the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial, and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers.
In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under data protection laws you have rights in relation to your personal data that include the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to the portability of data and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights, please email us at editors@firstediting.com
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive, or we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This request is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, we should be grateful if you would contact us first if you have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Get Affordable Editing Today!
Get Professional Help
Discover how affordable professional editing services can be for you!
Plus, you always get a Satisfaction Guarantee!
Start Now
Be safe during Corona! We are open 24/7 to help whenever you need. By continuing to use our site you agree to our terms. OK