http://www.sun-ringle.com/policies/privacy-policy
Search
Close menu
Our Brands
Hayes
Brakes
Brake Pads
Brake Rotors
Brake Parts & Accessories
Brake Configurator [Brake Aid]
Manitou
Forks
Shocks
Dropper Seatposts
Reynolds
Mountain Wheels
Road Wheels
Gravel Wheels
Reynolds Parts & Accessories
SUNringlé
Wheels
Hubs
Rims
Protaper
Handlebars
Stems
Grips
Seatposts
Shop Activity
Mountain
Youth / Junior
Road / Gravel
BMX
About
About Hayes
News
Technology
Support
Log in
Create account
Privacy policy
(Date of Last Revision: June 12, 2019)Who we are: HB Performance Systems, Inc. d/b/a Hayes Performance Systems and its Affiliates (collectively, “Hayes,” “we,” or “us”) provides information regarding products offered by Hayes and the ability for interested customers to obtain information on the products and services provided by Hayes and in some cases, purchase goods through the Site (the “Services”). The “Affiliates” of Hayes include Hayes Bicycle Group, Inc.; HB Powersports Group, Inc.; HB Specialty Products Group, Inc.; HB Performance Systems GmbH; and HB Government Systems, LLC.Hayes is committed to protecting your privacy and utilizing technology that gives you a powerful and safe online experience. The website url’s hayesbrake.com, reynoldscycling.com; reynoldscycling.eu; manitoumtb.com; ProTaperMTB.com; ProTaperMTB.de; sun-ringle.com; wheelsmith.com; suncomponents.com; hayesperformance.com; hayesbicycle.com; and shop.hayesperformance.com, (hereinafter “the Site”) is owned and operated by Hayes and Hayes is the controller of the personal data.Please read carefully through all sections of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of Personal Data that we collect through your use of the Site and when you use Services provided on the Site. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own and/or control or to people that we do not employ or manage.This Privacy Policy may be changed by us from time to time and the governing version will be posted on the Site. We will notify you if we make material changes to the Privacy Policy or we will provide notice to you of our changes on our website landing page. Please review this Privacy Policy on a regular basis as your use of the Site will be governed by the then-current Privacy Policy.Hayes recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of our customers and the users of the Site. As such, we will always ensure that we have a lawful basis for processing your Personal Data. NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTSWe only disclose your personal data to our Affiliates for our Affiliate’s direct marketing purposes. Thus, under California Civil Code Sections 1798.80-1798.84, upon your request, we’ll provide you a list of our Affiliates that may have your personal data. Any inquiries regarding the Terms of Use or, specifically, this Privacy Policy can be directed to the contact identified below. NOTICE TO UTAH RESIDENTSWe only disclose your personal data to our Affiliates for our Affiliate’s direct marketing purposes. WHY WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION.We collect and share information from the users of our Sites and Services to manage our contractual obligations to you, comply with legal obligations and/or because we have a legitimate business interest to do so. We collect and share information to: (a) provide our Sites and Services; (b) provide information about our products and Services; (c) provide information about data security and privacy; (d) learn more about our customer’s preferences; (e) enhance, personalize and support your experience on our Sites; (f) enhance and develop our products and Services based on your direct comments and/or on the pages or information you view on our Sites; and (g) analyze the traffic to our Sites. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEInformation You Give UsContact Information: You give us your Contact Information when you request information, register with or subscribe to the Site. “Contact Information” includes your name, address, shipping address, email, phone number, and country of residence.We may use Contact Information and other Personal Data to:Provide you the Services on the Site;To fulfill your requests for information; andTo fulfill your order for our products;To contact you about Hayes products or services based on the preferences you have indicated. Information We Collect from YouWe collect Analytical Information through automated means when use and navigate the Site. “Analytical Information” includes the length of your visit, and time spent on each page of the Site; products viewed; referring site details; network location; ads that you clicked on; emails from us that you opened; browser type; operating system; IP address, [and ]device information,We use Analytical Information to:Retain and evaluate information from your visits to the website and how you move around for analytics purposes to improve our website to make it more user-friendly or improve the speed of the page loading or the website in general.To review user preferences when navigating the site and to develop new services that may be able to better appeal to our customers based upon what information our customers view or how they navigate the website.We do not collect any more Personal Data from you than what we have determined is needed for us to provide the Services and comply with applicable laws. EMPLOYMENT INFORMATIONOur website includes the ability for people interested in working for us to find out more information about employment opportunities and to apply for open positions. To apply for a position, you will need to share your email address and then you will be redirected to a third party website to complete the application process. You will be asked to create an account and to provide information on the third party website that we require or request you to provide to be considered for employment (“Employment Application Information”). The collection and use of the Employment Application Information will be governed by the terms of use and privacy of My Staffing Pro, a Paychex company at: https://www.mystaffingpro.com/applicant-tracking-software and https://www.paychex.com/corporate/security/privacy PAYMENT INFORMATION COLLECTED AND PROCESSED BY THIRD PARTIESIf you make a purchase using the Site, we will use third-party payment processors to process the transaction. As such, the collection and use of your financial data are governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of the third-party payment processor. In the U.S., we use Shopify, Shopify Plus and Paypal. You can find their terms of use and privacy policy here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy and https://www.paypal.com/va/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full WHAT HAPPENS IF YOU DON’T PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?Please be aware that, if you choose to limit the personal information you provide to us (or, in some circumstances, provide no personal information at all), then we may be unable to provide you with the products and services you have expressed an interest in, or which we have a contract to provide to you. We may also be unable to provide you with access to some or all of our Site (or its functionality). ELECTRONIC MARKETINGWe provide you the opportunity to consent to receive commercial email from us related to the Services or information that we deem you may be interested in when you seek more information from us. We will give you the opportunity to “opt out” of receiving any unsolicited information from us or to limit the unsolicited information you receive from us to information regarding the Services or information you specifically request or information we determine you may find useful as a result of your use of the Site. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSUREExcept as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your Personal Data with any other person or company. We will share your Personal Data with other companies or people when:We need to share your information to provide a product or service you have requested;We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Hayes to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, we only provide these companies the minimum amount of information that is necessary for them to assist us and these companies do not have any right to use the Personal Data we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us);We find that your actions on our website violate the Terms and Conditions of Use, any of our usage guidelines for specific services or any agreement; andAs required to respond to or initiate subpoenas, court orders, or legal process. THIRD PARTY PROCESSORSTo ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection, we have put in place appropriate procedures with thee share your Personal Data with to ensure that your Personal Data is treated by those third parties in a way that is consistent with and which respects the applicable laws on data security and privacy. For example, we use third-party payment processors, shipping fulfillment and marketing service providers. USE OF COOKIESWe use “cookies,” a small text file transferred to your device, along with similar technologies (e.g., internet tag technologies, web beacons, embedded scripts) to help provide you a better, more personalized user experience. These technologies are used to:Make the user experience more user friendly;Remember your preferences (e.g., browsing language, usage preferences); orHelp us understand and improve how visitors use our website, including which of our pages and products are viewed most frequently.The Options/Settings section of most internet browsers will tell you how to manage cookies and other technologies that may be transferred to your device, including how to disable such technologies. You can disable our cookies or all cookies through your browser settings. Please be advised that disabling cookies through either method may impact many of our website’ features.The use of third-party cookies is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. If you continue to use our website, we will assume you agree to the use of these cookies. You may visit the following links from our third-party providers to opt-out of their tracking and learn about their privacy practices:Google Analytics:– To view Google’s privacy policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.– To opt-out, please download and install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on by visiting: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout INTEREST-BASED ADSUnaffiliated third parties may use cookies and other technologies on our website to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites you visit in order to provide you with interest-based advertising. You can generally opt-out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance by visiting their opt-out pages: (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). When you opt-out using these links, please note that you may still receive advertisements. They just will not be personalized based on your interests. DO NOT TRACKSome internet browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Given that there is not a uniform way that browsers communicate the “Do Not Track” signal, the Site does not currently interpret, respond to or alter its practices when it receives “Do Not Track” signals. NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF EUROPE AND THE U.K.Under the GDPR, you have the following rights related to Hayes’s use of your Personal Data.Right 1 – A right to access personal data held by us about you, as well as information about how we are using your data.Right 2 – A right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal data held by us about you.Right 3 – A right to require us to erase personal data held by us about you, and where the personal data has been made public, for other controllers processing the personal data to also erase links to, or copy or replication of, such personal data. This right will only apply where (for example): we no longer need to use the personal data to achieve the purpose we collected it for; or where you withdraw your consent if we are using your personal data based on your consent; or where you object to the way we process your data (in line with Right 6 below).Right 4 – A right to restrict our processing of personal data held by us about you. This right will only apply where (for example): you dispute the accuracy of the personal data held by us; or where you would have the right to require us to erase the personal data but would prefer that our processing is restricted instead; or where we no longer need to use the personal data to achieve the purpose we collected it for, but you require the data for the purposes of dealing with legal claims.Right 5 – A right to receive personal data, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to require us to transfer this personal data to another organisation, at your request.Right 6 – A right to object to our processing of personal data held by us about you (including for the purposes of sending marketing materials to you).Right 7 – A right to withdraw your consent, where we are relying on it to use your personal data (for example, to provide you with marketing information about our services or products).If you have consented to receive communications from us, you can contact us at any time to have your details removed from lists used by us or to update your marketing preferences. Please email marketing@hbpsi.com and quote your email/telephone number/account number in the body of the email, telling us what you would like us to do.[You can also: click “unsubscribe” on any of our emails, and we will ensure we don’t send you any communications of this nature in future.]To exercise any of your rights above, please contact Hayes at marketing@hbpsi.com or at 5800 W. Donges Bay Rd., Mequon, WI 53092 If you choose to exercise any of your rights listed above, it may affect your ability to use the Site, as the operation and functionalities provided on the Site may require the use of your Personal Data. SECURITYWe will take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect it from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction of your Personal Data, taking into due account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. However, no electronic storage method or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. DATA TRANSFERS ACROSS JURISDICTIONAL BOUNDARIESSome of the Sites are operated and hosted in the US. Therefore, it is likely that your data will be transferred from your country of residence into the United States. COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN’S PRIVACYIn compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C., §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R., §§ 312.1-312.12, this website does not collect information from children under 13 years of age, and we do not intentionally collect information from persons under eighteen (18) years of age. Use of the Services is limited to users that are eighteen (18) years of age and older. By using the Services, you represent that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older. POLICIES OF OTHER WEBSITESThe Site may contain links to third-party websites not owned or controlled by Hayes. Hayes is not responsible for the privacy policies of any third-party websites which user may access through a third party link. Further, these third-party websites may have privacy policies that differ from this Privacy Policy. Hayes disclaims all responsibility for the privacy practices of such other third-party websites. You should read the privacy policies of each third-party website you visit to determine what information each third-party website may be collecting about you and how they intend to use such information. QUESTIONSIf you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at marketing@hbpsi.com. You also may write to us at 5800 W. Donges Bay Rd., Mequon, WI 53092.