https://www.skurka-aero.com/privacy-policy/
Contact Information:
Skurka Aerospace Inc.
4600 Calle Bolero,
Camarillo CA 93012
United State of America
is the ‘Controller’ of the information you have provided.
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
CA Headquarters
Ph: +1 (805)484-4884
Fx: +1 (805) 482-7771
Contact by Email
For website issues or support contact us at:
Website Support [+]
Privacy Notice
Pursuant to Article 13 GDPR
We collect and process your personal data for the purpose of allowing you to access website content. Additionally, your information may be used for the purpose of providing you additional information about our company and products.
The legal basis for processing your information is necessary for the purposes of the overriding legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party.
The legitimate interests of the controller of the information are the processing of your data is required for security purposes of the website and its content and for direct marketing.
The period for storage of your data depends and is determined by factors such as the typical need for such information and storage and space constraints.
We may transfer the information to a third party email marketing firm and/or IT hosting company for the purpose set out above.
These entities are located outside the European Union. In the event that the recipient country does not ensure a level of data protection equivalent to that of the European Union, the company undertakes to take all appropriate guarantees, either on the basis of an adequacy decision such as that for the Privacy Shield, or, in the absence of such a decision, on the basis of appropriate guarantees, in particular those drawn up on the model of standard contractual clauses made public by the European Commission a copy of which may be requested at the following e-mail address compliance@skurka-aero.com.
_____
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
You have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your data anytime. The withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
If you would like to withdraw your consent, please contact compliance@skurka-aero.com.
_____
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes at any time.
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. We ask you to provide reasons and legitimate interest to back up your objection. In case of a legal objection, we shall no longer process your personal data unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. We shall inform you on the grounds of our decisions.
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
We use cookies on our websites. You are free to manage this via your browser setting at any time. To learn more about how we use the cookies, please see our cookies policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.