https://www.flandersmilk.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Ets. Freddy Baines s.a. – n.v. bvba (brand name Flanders Milk) processes personal information in compliance with this privacy policy.
For further information, questions or comments on our privacy policy, please contact Jack Baines at info@flandersmilk.com.
Purposes of the processing
Ets. Freddy Baines s.a. – n.v. bvba collects and processes customers’ and suppliers’ personal data for customer and order management (customer administration, order/delivery follow-up, invoicing, profiling of website visits through Cookies and Google Analytics with the aim of improving visitor experience and the sending of marketing and personalised advertising).
Legal foundation for the processing
Personal data is processed based on Article 6.1. (a) (consent*), (b) (required for the implementation of an agreement**) of the General Data Protection Act.
* Permission is asked for the use of Cookies on the homepage.
** Customer and supplier info is kept as long as is needed to assist in the easy communication during accounting, orders, deliveries and invoicing.
Insofar as the processing of personal data takes place based on Article 6.1. a) (consent), customers always have the right to withdraw the given consent.
Transfer to third parties
If required to achieve the set purposes, the customers’ personal data will be shared with other companies within the European Economic Area, which are linked directly or indirectly with Ets. Freddy Baines s.a. – n.v. bvba.
Ets. Freddy Baines s.a. – n.v. bvba guarantees that these recipients will take the necessary technical and organisational measures for the protection of personal data.
Retention period
Personal data processed for customer management will be stored for the time necessary to satisfy legal requirements (in terms of bookkeeping, among others).
Google analytics information is kept during 26 months and then automatically deleted.
Right to inspection, improvement, deletion, limitation, objection and transferability of personal data
The customer has at all times the right to inspect their personal data and can have it improved/improve it should it be incorrect or incomplete, have it removed, limit its processing an object to the processing of their personal data based on Article 6.1
Furthermore, the customer is entitled to obtain a copy (in a structured, standard and mechanically readable form) of their personal data and to have said personal data forwarded to another company.
In order to exercise the aforementioned rights, the customer is requested to: –
Send an e-mail the following address: info@flandersmilk.com att. of Jack Baines
Direct marketing
The customer is entitled to object free of charge to the processing of any processing of their personal data aimed at direct marketing.
Complaints
The customer has the right to file a complaint with the Belgian Data Protection Authority (Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussel – www.dataprotectionauthority.be)
Dev by Design Source
Proudly powered by WordPress
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.OkI refuseRead more…