http://www.cbiz.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home /
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
CBIZ CCPA Privacy Notice
Website Privacy Policy
Effective Date:  April 5, 2019.
Privacy Policy Scope
Welcome!  An overview of this CBIZ Privacy Policy is provided below.  To see the full text, click on the links.    Click here  to view our Terms of Use as well as Additional Terms.  In addition, some of our Services may also be subject to our Financial Services Privacy Statement  , and Protected Health Information Notice of Privacy Practices  and any other privacy notices posted on or otherwise applicable to our Services (collectively these privacy notices that are other than our main Privacy Policy are the “Additional Privacy Notices”)
Your Choices and Your CA Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding information collection and communications options explained here, including:
--  California residents have certain privacy rights detailed here;
-- Although CBIZ does not look for or respond to “do not track” signals, you can find information on tracking technologies here and certain choice options regarding Tracking Technologies here;
-- Your options regarding accessing and changing certain of your Personal Information are available here;
-- Your options regarding promotional communications are explained here; and
--  Children’s and minors’ privacy rights, and notice to parents of these rights, are explained here.
Collection of Information
-- CBIZ may ask you to provide Personal Information (e.g., name, address, e-mail, phone number, etc.), as well as other information (e.g., type of service, type of business, etc.), which may be required to access certain content, features, and functionality.  More
-- CBIZ and third parties may collect information from you automatically as you access the Services (e.g., information about the devices you use to access the Services and your usage activities).  More
--  Subject to applicable law, this may include use of cookies and other technologies to keep track of your interactions with the Services, to offer you a more personalized and relevant experience.  More
-- The information CBIZ receives via the Services may be combined with information CBIZ receives from third parties and sources outside of the Services.  More
-- CBIZ’s policies and practices regarding Personal Information collected from children are explained here.
Use of Information
The information CBIZ collects is used for a variety of purposes as detailed in this Privacy Policy.  For example, your information helps CBIZ provide and improve our services, communicate with you, assist, provide you the Services you choose, and operate CBIZ’s business. More
Sharing of Information
-- Subject to applicable law, CBIZ may share the information CBIZ receives from or about you via the Services (or give others access to it), including your Personal Information, for a variety of purposes, as detailed in this Privacy Policy.  More.  These include, without limitation:
to deliver and improve CBIZ’s services;
to facilitate your third party requests and communications;
in connection with corporate transactions (e.g., merger or sale);
to display your posts or send your messages (More); and
in connection with your use of third-party services (More);
-- However, CBIZ obtains your consent (e.g., opt-in, opt-out), before knowingly sharing Personal Information with third parties, other than our Affiliates (defined below) for their own direct marketing purposes.
-- CBIZ may share your non-Personal Information, aggregate and/or de-identified information about you except as prohibited by applicable law.
Protected Health Information (“PHI”)
When we receive PHI in the course of performing services for an entity subject to HIPAA (a “covered entity”) or state health information privacy laws, we treat and protect the PHI consistent with our obligations under HIPAA, applicable state health information privacy laws and our contractual obligations to the covered entity (e.g., a group health plan).
Questions and How to Contact Us
For more information about CBIZ’s privacy practices regarding the Services, read the full Privacy Policy.  You can also contact CBIZ here if you have questions or concerns.
Table of Contents
For a clickable table of contents that will help you find and navigate to all the sections of the full Privacy Policy click here.
FULL CBIZ PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting a CBIZ online service (e.g., website, software, or app) that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (the “Online Services”) owned or operated by CBIZ, Inc., or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively “CBIZ” “we” or “our” or “us”).  This Privacy Policy will provide you with information as to how CBIZ collects, uses, and shares information about you, including the choices CBIZ offers with respect to that information, and applies to your use of any Online Services, regardless of how you access or use it, and/or participating in our accounting, tax, advisory, consulting, employee benefits, insurance, payroll, or retirement plan services accessed on-line (“Professional Services”). Online Services and Professional Services accessed online are collectively “Services”. For certain Services, there may be additional notices about information practices and choices. For instance, Professional Services that are treated as financial institution services under federal or state financial industry or insurance industry laws, including when we act as an insurer or insurance broker, are subject to our Financial Services Privacy Statement, which will govern in the event of a conflict with this general Privacy Policy.  Please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you. In addition, any privacy obligations in our fully executed services agreements with our customers shall prevail in the event of a conflict with our Services’ general Privacy Policy, including with regard to our Services.  Click here  to view our Terms of Use and Additional Terms.
By visiting or otherwise using the Services, you agree to the Services’ Terms of Use   and consent to CBIZ’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this Privacy Policy, and any applicable Additional Privacy Notices.  If you do not agree and consent, please discontinue use of the Services, and uninstall Online Services downloads and applications.
1.         INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A.        Information About You That You Provide.  CBIZ, and/or its Service Providers (defined below), may collect information you provide directly to CBIZ and/or its Service Providers via the Services.  For example, CBIZ collects information when you use or register for the Online Services, subscribe to, or access, Professional Services via the Online Services, subscribe to notifications, post on the Online Services, or communicate or transact through the Online Services or submit information online in connection with the Professional Services.  In addition, when you interact with Third-Party Services (defined in Section 6 below), you may be able to provide information to those third parties.  For more information on Third-Party Services’ data collection and practices click here. For more information on Service Provider data collection and practices click here.
Information CBIZ, its Service Providers and/or Third-Party Services may collect may include: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, address, Social Security number, and financial information (“Personal Information”); protected health information as defined by the federal HIPAA law or applicable state healthcare primary laws (“PHI”); and (3) demographic information, such as your and/or your dependents’ gender, age, zip code, and recent and upcoming transactions (“Demographic Information”).  To the extent permitted by applicable law, Demographic Information is “non-Personal Information” (i.e., data that is not Personal Information or PHI under this Privacy Policy).  In addition, Personal Information, including, without limitation, CBIZ-Collected PI (defined below), once “de-identified” (i.e., the removal or modification of the personally identifiable elements, or the extraction of non-personally identifiable elements) or anonymized  is also non-Personal Information and may be used and shared without obligation to you, except as prohibited by applicable law (for Client-service PHI (defined in Section 4 below), HIPAA de-identification standards will be applied).  To the extent any non-Personal Information is combined by or on behalf of CBIZ with Personal Information CBIZ itself collects directly from you via the Services (“CBIZ-Collected PI”), CBIZ will treat the combined data as CBIZ-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy.
B.         Information Collected Automatically. CBIZ, its Service Providers, and/or Third-Party Services may also automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use the Services (“Usage Information”).  Usage Information may include IP address, device identifier, geographic location, browser type, operating system, information about your use of the Services, and data regarding network connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device).  Except to the extent required by applicable law (e.g., in some circumstances under HIPAA and state laws regarding PHI), or to the extent Usage Information is combined by or on behalf of CBIZ with CBIZ-Collected PI, CBIZ does not consider Usage Information (including, without limitation, unique device identifiers) to be Personal Information or CBIZ-Collected PI. For more information on Third-Party Services’ data collection and practices click here. For more information on Service Provider data collection and practices click here. For information on choices some of these third parties may offer you regarding automated data collection click here.
The methods that may be used on the Services to collect Usage Information include:
Log Information: Log information is data about your use of the Services, such as IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, and may be stored in log files.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:  Cookies, web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”), embedded scripts, in-app tracking methods and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed (“Tracking Technologies”) may be used to collect information about interactions with the Services or e-mails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s device, which may be session ID cookies or tracking cookies. Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate the Services and expire when you close your browser. Tracking cookies remain longer and help in understanding how you use A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file which may be placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your device.  HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage. Flash cookies and HTML5 cookies are locally stored on your device other than in the browser and browser settings won’t control them.  To identify certain types of local shared objects on your device and adjust your settings, please visit: www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.  The Services may associate some or all of these types of cookies with your devices.
Web Beacons (“Tracking Pixels”)
Web beacons are small graphic images, also known as “Internet tags” or “clear gifs,” embedded in web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be used, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, and to count content views.
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from CBIZ’s web server, or from a third party with which CBIZ works, and is active only while you are connected to the Services, and deleted or deactivated thereafter.
In-App Tracking Methods
There are a variety of Tracking Technologies that may be included in mobile applications, and these are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings.
CBIZ is giving you notice of the Tracking Technologies and your choices regarding them explained in Section 11  so that your consent to encountering them is meaningfully informed.
C.        Information CBIZ Collects From Other Sources. CBIZ may also obtain information about you from other sources, including our clients, Service Providers and Third-Party Services, and combine that with CBIZ-Collected PI.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, except (i) for Client-service PI and Client-service PHI (both defined below), and (ii) to the extent such data is combined by or on behalf of CBIZ with CBIZ-Collected PI, this Privacy Policy is not intended to limit CBIZ’s activities regarding such third-party-sourced, or non-Services-sourced information (including Personal Information), and such data will only be treated as CBIZ-Collected PI to the extent it is combined with CBIZ-Collected PI. CBIZ is not responsible or liable for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or for third party policies or practices.  Personal Information we receive from a client in the course of performing Professional Services for the client that is designated as confidential or proprietary to the client is “Client-service PI.”
Return to navigation
2.         HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN
CBIZ may use information about you, including CBIZ-Collected PI, Client-service PI and other Personal Information, for any purposes not inconsistent with CBIZ’s statements under this Privacy Policy, Additional Privacy Notices or otherwise made at the point of collection, and not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation, the following:
Facilitate, manage, personalize, and improve your online or other Services experience;
Allow you to participate in the features and service offerings we make available on or via the Services;
To perform Professional Services for clients
Process your registration, manage your account and/or upload your User Generated Content (“UGC”). (For more information on how UGC is treated under the Services’ Terms of Use click here. For more on the public nature of UGC, see Section 5);
Transact with you, provide services or information you request, respond to your comments, questions and requests, serve you content, and send you notices;
Our marketing (as permitted by applicable law) and other purposes;
Improve the Services, and our other services, and for any other internal business purposes;
Tailor our content and offers (as permitted by applicable law);
Fulfill other purposes disclosed at the time you provide Personal Information, or at the time we receive Client-service PI or Client-Service PHI whether or not from you directly, or otherwise where we are legally permitted to do so and doing so is not inconsistent with an express privacy commitment we have made; and
Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm and to comply with applicable law, and law enforcement or other legal processes, and government requests.
Return to navigation
3.        INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES
As permitted by applicable law, CBIZ may share non-Personal Information, and Personal Information that is not deemed CBIZ-Collected PI hereunder, or Client-service PI or Client-service PHI, provided that we are not aware of restrictions on our use or sharing, with third parties for any purpose.  However, CBIZ’s sharing of CBIZ-Collected PI,Client-service PI, and Client-service PHI is subject to the following:
Marketing:  Subject to your communications choices explained in Section 11.D  , and the rights of California residents explained here, we may use your Personal Information to send you marketing communications.  CBIZ will not share your CBIZ-Collected PI with third parties, for their own direct marketing purposes, except with our Affiliates and in connection with Corporate Transactions (defined below), absent your consent (which may be by means of third party interaction described in the next bullet point). Your HIPAA PHI will be used or disclosed for marketing purposes only in accordance with the requirements of HIPAA and our Protected Health Information Notice of Privacy Practices  , and your non-public personal financial information that is governed by the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or state insurance or financial services privacy laws will be used or disclosed for marketing purposes only in accordance with the requirements of those laws and our Financial Services Privacy Statement .
Your Disclosure or Consent:  As more fully described in Section 5   (Information You Disclose Publicly or to Others) and Section 6   (Third-Party Content, Third-Party Services, Social Features, and Analytics), your activities on the Services may, by their nature, result in the sharing of your CBIZ-Collected Personal Information (as well as your other Personal Information and your non-Personal Information) with third parties and by engaging in these activities you consent to that and further sharing and disclosure to third parties.  Such third party data receipt and collection is subject to the privacy and business practices of that third party, not CBIZ.
Additional Privacy Notices: If governed by an applicable Additional Privacy Notice, then subject to the terms and conditions of that Additional Privacy Notice.
CBIZ may also share any information about you (including, without limitation, CBIZ-Collected PI) for any purposes not inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, an applicable Additional Privacy Notice, or otherwise not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation:
Clients, in connection with our Services to them that you use or access or that relate to you;
CBIZ’s agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively “Service Providers”) may receive, or be given access to your information, including, without limitation, Personal Information, Demographic Information, and Usage Information, in connection with their work on CBIZ’s behalf, provided however, (i) your Client-service PHI will remain subject to any applicable requirements of HIPAA and state health information privacy laws; (ii) your non-public personal financial information that is governed by the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act or state insurance or financial services privacy laws will remain subject to any applicable requirements of those laws; and (iii) CBIZ does not authorize its Service Providers to use CBIZ-Collected PI, Client-service PI or Client Service PHI provided by CBIZ to the Service Providers to send you direct marketing messages other than related to CBIZ absent your consent.  For more information on choices Service Providers may offer you click here.
To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and in response to a government request; and
If CBIZ believes your actions are inconsistent with CBIZ’s terms of use, user agreements, applicable terms or policies, or to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of CBIZ, the Services or its clients or users, or any third party.
CBIZ may share your Client-service PI, Client Service PHI and CBIZ-Collected Personal Information (as well as your other Personal Information and your non-Personal Information), in connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, joint venture, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of CBIZ assets, or transfer of all or a portion of CBIZ’s business to another company (“Corporate Transactions”).
In addition, in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (“OFCCP”) and similar state and local regulatory agencies, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity).  Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information, to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies or otherwise use or disclose it for business-related purposes, including, without limitation, responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.
Return to navigation
4.         PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION (“PHI”).
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, when we receive PHI in the course of performing services for a HIPAA covered entity or an entity subject to state health information privacy laws (“Client-service PHI”), we treat and protect the Client-service PHI consistent with our obligations under HIPAA, applicable state health information privacy laws and our contractual obligations to the covered entity (e.g., a group health plan).
Return to navigation
5.         INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE PUBLICLY OR TO OTHERS
The Services may permit you to post or submit UGC including, without limitation, comments and other content, including Personal Information and PHI.  If you choose to submit UGC to any public area of the Online Services (e.g., blog posts and comments to blog posts), your UGC will be considered “public” and will be accessible by anyone, including CBIZ.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, unless otherwise explicitly agreed by us, Personal Information and PHI included in UGC is not subject to CBIZ’s usage or sharing limitations, or other obligations, regarding CBIZ-Collected PI, Client-service PI, Client-service PHI, or other Personal Information under this Privacy Policy or otherwise, and may be used and shared by CBIZ and third parties to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law.  CBIZ encourages you to exercise caution when making decisions about what you disclose in such public areas.  For more information on how UGC is treated under the Services’ Terms of Use click here. California minors should see Section 9   regarding potential removal of certain UGC they have posted on the Online Services.
Return to navigation
6.         THIRD-PARTY CONENT, THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, SOCIAL FEATURES, AND ANALYTICS
The Services may include hyperlinks to, or include on or in connection with, the Services (e.g., apps, software, and plug-ins), websites, locations, platforms, applications or services operated by third parties (“Third-Party Service(s)”). These Third-Party Services may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other Tracking Technology to independently collect information about you and may solicit Personal Information from you.
For example, certain functionalities on the Services permit interactions that you initiate between the Services and certain Third-Party Services, such as third party social networks (“Social Features”).  If you use Social Features, and potentially other Third-Party Services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the Services (see Section 5) or by the Third-Party Service that you use. Similarly, if you post information on a third-party service that references the Services (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with CBIZ in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with the Services or otherwise by CBIZ.  Also, both CBIZ and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Services and any Third-Party Service.
CBIZ may use Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics or other Service Providers for analytics services.  These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to help CBIZ analyze Service users and how they use the Services.  Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by these Service Providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these Service Providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Services, compiling statistic reports on the Services’ activity, and providing other services relating to Services activity and other Internet usage.
Except to the extent we combine information we receive from Service Providers, Third-Party Services, or other third parties with CBIZ-Collected PI, in which case CBIZ will treat the combined information as CBIZ-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy (see Section 1(c)), data obtained by CBIZ from a third party, even in association with the Services, is not subject to CBIZ’s limitations regarding CBIZ-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy, however such data remains subject to any restrictions imposed on CBIZ by the third party, if any.  Otherwise, the information collected, stored, and shared by third parties remains subject to their privacy policies and practices, including whether they continue to share information with CBIZ, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on Third-Party Services.
Except as required under applicable law and/or our contractual commitments to covered entities with regard to Client-service PHI or to our clients regarding Client-service PI, CBIZ is not responsible for and makes no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any third parties, including, without limitation, analytics Service Providers and Third-Party Services associated with the Services, and encourages you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.  See Section 11 for more on certain choices offered by some third parties regarding their data collection and use, including regarding analytics.
Return to navigation
7.         DATA SECURITY AND MONITORING
CBIZ takes reasonable measures to protect CBIZ-Collected PI (excluding public UGC), Client-service PI and Client-service PHI, from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and CBIZ cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Services.
To help protect you and others, and as permitted by applicable law, CBIZ and its Service Providers may (but make no commitment to) monitor use of the Services, and may collect and use related information including CBIZ-Collected PI and other Personal Information for all purposes not prohibited by applicable law or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, to identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or seek prosecution for any potential threats to or misuse of the Services; ensure compliance with the Terms of Use (and applicable Additional Terms) and this Privacy Policy (and Additional Privacy Notices); investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of CBIZ, its clients, third parties, and other users.  Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activity or communications through our Services.  If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Services.
Return to navigation
8.         INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER
CBIZ is based in the U.S. and the information CBIZ and its Service Providers collect is governed by U.S. law.  If you are accessing the Services from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Services may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S.  You expressly acknowledge and agree that your use of and access to any Services is governed by and subject to U.S. law.  Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Services or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information, including Personal Information, in the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Return to navigation
9.         CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
The Services is intended for a general audience and not directed to children less than thirteen (13) years of age. CBIZ does not intend to collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) (“Children’s Personal Information”) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA.  If we obtain knowledge that we have collected Children’s Personal Information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.
Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the Services, and who posted content or information on the Online Services, can request removal by contacting CBIZ here, detailing where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it.  CBIZ will then make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified to the extent required by applicable law. This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. For instance, third-parties may have republished or archived content by search engines and others that CBIZ does not control.
Return to navigation
10.       ACCESSING AND CHANGING INFORMATION
CBIZ may provide web pages or other mechanisms allowing you to delete, correct, or update some of the CBIZ-Collected PI, and potentially certain other information about you (e.g., profile and account information).  CBIZ will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in CBIZ’S then-active databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always possible to completely change, remove or delete all of your information or public postings from CBIZ’S databases (California minors see Section 9  ) and residual and/or cached data may remain archived thereafter.  Further, we reserve the right to retain data (a) as required by applicable law; and (b) for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data is retained except to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
Return to navigation
11.       CHOICES:  TRACKING AND COMMUNICATIONS OPTIONS
A.        Tracking Technologies Generally. Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings.  Browsers offer different functionalities and options so you may need to set them separately.  Also, tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies (also known as locally shared objects), HTML5 cookies, or other Tracking Technologies.  For information on disabling Flash cookies, go to Adobe’s website http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-third-party-local-shared.html.  Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies, some parts of the Services may not work and that when you revisit the Services your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Some app-related Tracking Technologies in connection with non-browser usage (e.g., most functionality of a mobile app) can only be disabled by uninstalling the app.  To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from your operating system or handset manufacturer.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to Services you visit.  Note, however, there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context.  Like many Services, CBIZ currently does not alter its practices when CBIZ receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you can visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com, but CBIZ is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this third party information.  Some third parties, however, may offer you choices regarding their Tracking Technologies. One way to potentially identify cookies on our Site is to add the free Ghostery plug-in to your browser (www.ghostery.com), which according to Ghostery will display for you traditional, browser-based cookies associated with the web sites (but not mobile apps) you visit and privacy and opt-out policies and options of the parties operating those cookies.  CBIZ is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this tool or third party choice notices or mechanisms.   For specific information on some of the choice options offered by third party analytics and advertising providers, see the next section.
B.         Analytics and Tracking Technologies. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.  You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Adobe Analytics by going to http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html under the section labeled “Tell our customers not to measure your use of their websites or tailor their online ads for you.”
You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs.  Some of the advertisers and Service Providers that perform advertising-related services for us and third parties may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.  To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, and http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices for information on the DAA’s opt-out program for mobile apps.  Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.  Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads.  Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks).  Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use of a different device or web browsers or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.  CBIZ supports the ad industry’s 2009 Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and expects that ad networks CBIZ directly engages to serve you Interest-based Advertising will do so as well, though CBIZ cannot guaranty their compliance. CBIZ is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
C.        Mobile Apps. With respect to CBIZ’s mobile apps (“apps”), you can stop all collection of data generated by use of the app by uninstalling the app.  Also, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain features (e.g., push notifications, accessing phone, SMS, device id, data, photos/media/files, etc.), by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device and/or the app’s settings. Beware that if GPS precise location services are disabled, other means of establishing or estimating location (e.g., connecting to or proximity to wi-fi, Bluetooth, beacons, or our networks) may persist.
D.        Communications. You can opt out of receiving certain promotional communications (emails or text messaging) from CBIZ at any time by (i) for promotional e-mails, following the instructions provided in emails to click on the link to update your email communication preferences (or unsubscribe link if available); and (ii) for text messages, text back the word, “STOP” and (iii) for app push notifications, turn off push notifications on the settings of your device and/or the app, as applicable.  Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address or phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.  If you opt-out of only certain communications, other subscription communications may continue.  Even if you opt-out of receiving promotional communications, CBIZ may, subject to applicable law, continue to send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or CBIZ’s ongoing business relations.
Return to navigation
12.       YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
We do not share personal information as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine The Light law”) with third parties, other that our Affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes absent your consent. “Affiliates” means any parent, subsidiary or affiliate in the CBIZ, Inc.  If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law, and request information on our sharing of customer personal information with Affiliates for the recipient Affiliates’ own marketing purposes in the prior 12 months to the extent you are entitled by California law, by contacting us here or by sending a letter to CBIZ, Inc., 6050 Oak Tree Boulevard, Suite 500, Cleveland, OH 44131 (Attention: Legal Counsel/Privacy). Any such request must include "California Privacy Rights Request" in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.  Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address.
California minors should see “Children’s Privacy” at Section 9  regarding removal of certain content they have posted.
Return to navigation
13.       YOUR CONNECTICUT PRIVACY RIGHTS
Connecticut law requires any person or entity that collects Social Security numbers from Connecticut residents in the course of business to create a privacy protection policy and to publish or display it publicly.  It is our policy to protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers in our possession from misuse and improper disclosure by maintaining and enforcing policies and physical and electronic safeguards against misuse and improper disclosure.  Unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers is prohibited, and access to them is limited to personnel who need access to such information in order to perform their job functions.
14.       CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy prospectively effective upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Services indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use.  However, we will not use your previously collected CBIZ-Collected PI, or Client-service PHI, to the extent it is not collected under the new privacy policy, in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent. To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.
Return to navigation
15.       CONTACT US.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us here or at CBIZ, Inc., 6050 Oak Tree Boulevard, Suite 500, Cleveland, OH 44131 (Attention: Legal Counsel/Privacy).
Return to navigation
PRIVACY POLICY TABLE OF CONTENTS
To see the full text, click on the links provided.
1.         Information We Collect
(a)        Information About You That You Provide
(b)        Information Collected Automatically
(c)        Information CBIZ Collects From Other Sources
2.         How We Use The Information We Obtain
3.         Information We Share With Third Parties
4.         Protected Health Information (“PHI”)
5.         Information You Disclose Publicly Or To Others
6.         Third-Party Content, Third-Party Services, Social Features, and Analytics
7.         Data Security and Monitoring
8.         International Transfer
9.         Children’s Privacy
10.       Accessing and Changing Information
11.       Choices: Tracking and Communications Options
(a)        Tracking Technologies Generally
(b)        Analytics and Tracking Technologies
(c)        Mobile Apps
(d)        Communications
12.       Your California Privacy Rights
13.       Your Connecticut Privacy Rights
14.       Changes to this Privacy Policy
15.       Contact Us
© CBIZ, Inc. 2019.  All Rights Reserved.