https://www.mjdpc.com/terms.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Brochures
Cosmetic, Plastic & Laser Surgery Brochures
Dental Brochures
Procedure Videos
Cosmetic Waiting Room Videos
Dental Waiting Room Videos
Custom Videos for Your Practice
Website Videos
Cosmetic, Plastic & Laser Surgery Website Videos
Dental Website Videos
Messages On Hold
MOH-1200 USB System
OH-3108 Tape System
6-8 Minute Custom Audio Production
Websites
TopDocs
More...
Home
Brochures
Cosmetic, Plastic & Laser Surgery Brochures
Dental Brochures
Procedure Videos
Cosmetic Waiting Room Videos
Dental Waiting Room Videos
Custom Videos for Your Practice
Website Videos
Cosmetic, Plastic & Laser Surgery Website Videos
Dental Website Videos
Messages On Hold
MOH-1200 USB System
OH-3108 Tape System
6-8 Minute Custom Audio Production
Websites
TopDocs
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using this site and or our service, you agree and consent to following Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to all of these Terms and Conditions of use, do not use this site! MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs); may change and update these Terms and Conditions at any time. Your continued usage of the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites (Including but not limited to www.MJDPC.com, www.TopDocs.com, www.TheBrochureOutlet.com, www.MJDTopSites.com, www.DentalBrochures.com and any website designed by MJD Patient Communications or TopDocs) - refer here to as MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites - will mean you accept those changes.
Definition of Client: A client is any person or business entity that has placed an order for any of MJD Marketing, Inc. products or services. 1- MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) Brochures, Procedure Videos, Websites and Practice Listings do not provide Medical or Dental advice.
The contents of MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites such as text, graphics, images, information obtained from MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) licensors, and other material contained on MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites ("Content";) are for informational purposes only. The Content is not intended to be a substitute for professional dental advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your dentist or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a dental condition. Never disregard professional dental advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on the Site!
If you think you may have a dental emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites do not recommend or endorse any specific tests, dentists, products, procedures, opinions, or other information that may be mentioned on the Site. Reliance on any information provided by MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) employees, Links on the site, or others appearing on the Site at the invitation MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs), or other visitors to MJD Marketing, Inc (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites is solely at your own risk. Furthermore, information added to MJD Marketing, Inc websites by its clients are added at sole discretion of the clients and are full responsibility of the said client. MJD Marketing Inc. does not accept any liability or responsibility on said content. 2-CHILDREN's PRIVACY
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. You should be aware that MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites are not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. 3-USE OF CONTENT
MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) authorizes you to view a single copy of the material on the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Content and or images on the websites designed by MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) are protected under copyright laws. Any special rules for the use of certain software and other items accessible on the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites are incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by reference. The fees charged to clients for membership and setup/design of websites does not provide any right of ownership to content, design elements and or images and other material throughout the sites, unless permitted by written consent from MJD Marketing, Inc. The Content is protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Title to the Content remains with MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) or its licensors. Any use of the Content not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions is a breach of these Terms and Conditions and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. Content and features are subject to change or termination without notice in the editorial discretion of MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites. Domain names registered by MJD Marketing, Inc. for its client are legal property of MJD Marketing, Inc. and are leased temporarily to clients. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved to MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) and its licensors.
If you violate any of these Terms and Conditions, your permission to use the Content automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Content. 4- LIABILITY OF MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) AND ITS LICENSORS
The use of the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) Websites and the Content is at your own risk. When using the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) Website, information will be transmitted over a medium that may be beyond the control and jurisdiction of MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) and its suppliers. Accordingly, MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption, or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with use of the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites.
The MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites and the content are provided on an "as is" basis. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) ITS LICENSORS, AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Without limiting the foregoing, MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs), its licensors, and its suppliers make no representations or warranties about the following:
1. The accuracy, reliability, completeness, correctness, or timeliness of the content, software, text, graphics, links, or communications provided on or through the use of the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites.
2. The satisfaction of any government regulations requiring disclosure of information on prescription drug products or the approval or compliance of any software tools with regard to the content contained on MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites. In no event shall MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs), its licensors, its suppliers, or any third parties mentioned on MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, personal injury/wrongful death, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use of or inability to use the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites or the content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) is advised of the possibility of such damages. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) is not liable for any personal injury, including death, caused by your use or misuse of the Site, Content, or Public Areas (as defined below). Any claims arising in connection with your use of the Site, any content, or the Public Areas must be brought within one (1) year of the date of the event giving rise to such action occurred. Remedies under these Terms and Conditions are exclusive and are limited to those expressly provided for in these Terms and Conditions. 5- USER SUBMISSIONS
You agree that you will not upload or transmit any communications or content of any type to the Public Areas (that infringe or violate any rights of any party. By submitting communications or content to the Public Areas, you agree that such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any such submission, you agree that you will not send or transmit to MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) by email, (including through the email addresses listed on the "Contact Us" link any communication or content that infringes or violates any rights of any party. If you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) by email, you agree such submission is non-confidential for all purposes.
If you make any submission to a Public Area or if you submit any business information, idea, concept or invention to MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) by email, you automatically grant or warrant that the owner of such content or intellectual property has expressly granted MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, world-wide nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, create derivative works from, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication or content in any media or medium, or any form, format, or forum now known or hereafter developed. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) may sublicense its rights through multiple tiers of sublicenses. If you wish to keep any business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not submit them to the Public Areas or to MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) by email. We try to answer every email in a timely manner, but are not always able to do so. 6- RIGHT TO REFUSE SERVICE/CANCELLATION POLICY
MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) reserves the right to refuse providing services to any of its clients at its sole discretion. Since the membership programs are monthly, a client whose service is being terminated will receive a one month notice via email. It is the responsibility of the client to find and secure new service for his or her website design, hosting and maintenance. A client has the right of cancelling his membership with one month written notice unless a separate agreement has been signed by the client. All fees are due before the receipt of such notice by mail or fax confirmed by MJD Marketing, Inc. In both cases of service termination and cancellations, client understands that MJD Marketing, Inc. has full ownership and copyright to all material on its websites. Material that has been added by client such as images and personal content can be moved to new company and website at client discretion. No material of original design content, images including domain names is permitted to be transferred unless with written permission from MJD Marketing, Inc.
MJD hereby reserves the right to immediately terminate Your access to, and the operation and display of, any topdocs website on which text, photographs or other content, supplied to that website by You, the customer, is subject to any claim of infringement or unlawful copying or use by any third party whatsoever.
7- PASSWORDS
MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) has several tools that allow you to record and store information. Only to visitors with a valid password may access these areas. You are responsible for taking all reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person shall have access to your MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) passwords or accounts. It is your sole responsibility to (1) control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords; (2) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) account and password; (3) promptly inform MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) of any need to deactivate a password. You grant MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Site the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the Site. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, including to Register to win, or your or third parties use or misuse of information transmitted or received using MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) tools and services, including Online Editor and TopDocs Article Marketing. 8- MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) LIVE AND MEMBER TO MEMBER AREAS ("PUBLIC AREAS")
If you use a Public Area, such as a chat room, bulletin board or community Ask The Doctor, you are solely responsible for your own communications, the consequences of posting those communications, and your reliance on any communications found in the Public Areas. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) is not responsible for the consequences of any communications in the Public Areas. In cases where you feel threatened or believe someone else is in danger, you should contact your local law enforcement agency immediately. If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your doctor or 911 immediately.
In consideration of being allowed to use the Public Areas, you agree that the following actions shall constitute a material breach of these Terms and Conditions:
Using a Public Area for any purpose in violation of local, state, national, or international laws;
Posting material that infringes on the intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others;
Posting material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, slanderous, hateful, or embarrassing to any other person or entity as determined by MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) in its sole discretion;
Posting advertisements or solicitations of business; After receiving a warning, continuing to disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, or posting comments that are not related to the topic being discussed (unless it is clear the discussion is free-form); Posting chain letters or pyramid schemes;
Impersonating another person; Distributing viruses or other harmful computer code;
Harvesting or otherwise collecting information about others, including email addresses, without their identification for posting or viewing comments; consent;
Allowing any other person or entity to use your identification for posting or viewing comments
Posting the same note more than once or "spamming"; or Engaging in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Public Area or the Site, or which, in the judgment of MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs), exposes MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) or any of its customers or suppliers to any liability or detriment of any type.
MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) reserves the right (but is not obligated) to do any or all of the following:
Record the dialogue in public chat rooms.
Investigate an allegation that a communication does not conform to the terms of this section and determine in its sole discretion to remove or request the removal of the communication(s).
Remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive, or that otherwise fail to conform to these Terms and Conditions.
Terminate a user s access to any or all Public Areas and/or the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites upon any breach of these Terms and Conditions.
Monitor, edit, or disclose any communication in the Public Areas.
Edit or delete any communication(s) posted on the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites, regardless of whether such communication(s) violate these standards. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) reserves the right to take any action it deems necessary to protect the personal safety of our guests or the public. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) has no liability or responsibility to users of the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites or any other person or entity for performance or nonperformance of the aforementioned activities.
9- ADVERTISEMENTS, SEARCHES AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES
MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) may provide links to third-party web sites. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) also may select certain sites as priority responses to search terms you enter and MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) may agree to allow advertisers to respond to certain search terms with advertisements or sponsored content. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) does not recommend and does not endorse the content on any third-party web sites. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites, sites framed within the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites, third-party sites provided as search results, or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of third-party web sites is at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) does not endorse any procedure or product advertised on clients’ website. 10- INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs), its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from, or alleged to result from, your violation of these Terms and Conditions. 11- GENERAL
MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, in the United States of America. MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) makes no claims that the content is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. The following provisions survive the expiration or termination of these Terms and Conditions for any reason whatsoever: Liability, User Submissions, Indemnity, Jurisdiction, and Complete Agreement. 12- JURISDICTION
You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute with MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs), or in any way relating to your use of the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites, resides in the courts of the Montgomery County, State of Maryland and you further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction Montgomery County, State of Maryland in connection with any such dispute including any claim involving MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) or its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, telecommunication providers, and content providers.
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Maryland, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms and Conditions, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition. COMPLETE AGREEMENT.
Except as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites, these Terms and Conditions and the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) disclaimer constitute the entire agreement between you and MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) with respect to the use of the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites, and content.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the MJD Marketing, Inc. (DBA MJD Patient Communications & TopDocs) websites helpful and convenient to use! Questions or comments regarding this website, including any reports of non-functioning links, should be directed by electronic mail to info@mjdpc.com or via U.S. mail to MJD Marketing, Inc, 7910 Woodmont Avenue, Suite 1105, Bethesda, Maryland 20814. We try to answer every email in a timely manner but are not always able to do so.
Shop By Category
Brochures Procedure Videos Website Videos Messages On Hold MJD Premium Responsive Websites TopDocs
Copyright © 2020 MJD Patient Communications.