http://www.execstress.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
We are Privacy Compliant. We respect your privacy. Your name, address and other contact information will not be used for any purpose other than to respond to your enquiry, manage your subscription to our blog or podcast, or provide our services to you.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, and other relevant information relating to your job request
Payment details are managed via third party offsite secure services – you may need to check their privacy policies separately from this site.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with the requested service or access to our newsletter and/or podcast, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You are welcome to unsubscribe at any given time. Your information will be removed from our database when we receive notification of your unsubscribe.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes via one of the contact sources you have provided.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Although we generally collect personal information directly from you, on occasion, we also collect certain categories of personal information about you from other sources. In particular:
Financial and/or transaction details from payment providers located in the US, UK, and Australia in order to process a transaction (e.g. PayPal and any other payment services we might use from time to time);
Third party service providers (like Google, Facebook, Affiliate program) who are located in the US or UK, which may provide information about you when you connect with us via the third party provider and they send us information such as your registration and profile from that service. The information varies and is controlled by that service provider or as authorised by you via your privacy settings at that service provider; and
Other third party sources and/or partners from Australia, US or UK, whereby we receive additional information about you (to the extent permitted by applicable law), such as demographic data or fraud detection information, and combine it with information we have about you. For example, fraud warnings from service providers like identity verification service.
When we disclose your personal information
We will disclose personal information to the following recipients:
Subcontractors and service providers who assist us in connection with the ways we use personal information (as set out above), in particular:  Virtual Assistant support services which are located in Australia; subscription management services which are located in Australia; payment processing services which are located in the US, Europe and Australia.
Our professional advisers (lawyers, accountants, bookkeepers, etc.) who are located in Australia;
Regulators and government authorities in connection with our compliance procedures and obligations;
A third party to respond to requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity;
A third party, in order to enforce or defend our rights, or to address reputational or financial risks;
A rights holder in relation to an allegation of intellectual property  infringement or any other infringement;
In the event of sale of part or all of our business, the purchaser or prospective purchaser, and their professional advisers, in connection with the purchase; and
Other recipients where we are authorised or required by law to do so.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are used to improve the website experience of a visitor to a website. We may sometimes use cookies on this website to record statistical information about the visitors to our site and the use that our visitors make of the website. When collected this information is used by us to improve our website and further enhance the visitor experience. Please note that no personally identifiable information is recorded. We may also use the cookies to gather information about your general internet use to further assist us in developing our website. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive and then stored there and transferred to us where appropriate to help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you. All computers have the ability to decline cookies. You can easily decline or remove cookies from your computer using the settings within the Internet Options section in your browser.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be held responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing or emailing us, or using the unsubscribe link on the mailing.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Australian Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held by us please write to PO Box 6165, Maroochydore BC, Qld, Australia, 4558 or email at sales@execstress.com.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Attention those in the EU
While the majority of our business is done in Australia we recognise that there are occasions when potential clients will make contact or someone will purchase a service or product via our site.  The above should help you to understand what we do with your contact information, if that has been collected. If you subscribe to a newsletter or our blog or podcast, only your name and email address are collected. Further contact details are only required should a purchase of our services take place.
Where applicable to the GDPR, the information above has been updated in line with the EU data protection law (including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”).
Both personal information and personal data have the same meaning in the context of this Privacy Policy.
(Last updated: 25 May 2018)
Search
Navigate Our SiteCompany Profile
Policies
Services
Office Support
VA Services
Benefits
History of the VA Industry
Dial In Dictation
File Upload
Memberships/Affiliations
Awards
Latest Products
Sign Up
First Name
Last Name
Work Phone
Email Address
Country
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
List choice
Podcast
Updates
(Note: You will receive a branded sign up email from eSOS or the Podcast depending on your choice.)
I have read and agree to the terms & conditions
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Recent Posts
Your Digital Legacy
20 Things Learned: Strive for Work/Life Integration
20 Things Learned: Enjoy it!
20 Things Learned: Don’t Sweat the Small Stuff
20 Things Learned: Accept Change
20 Things Learned: This is a Service Industry
20 Things Learned: Don’t Take On Work You’re Not Qualified For
20 Things Learned: Be Professional!
20 Things Learned: Be Authentic
20 Things Learned: Set Boundaries