https://www.mrplastic.co.uk/mr-plastic-terms-and-conditions/
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
Welcome to Mr Plastic Ltd
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Orders
Once you have placed an order with us you will receive an email confirmation which will include an order number. Please use this with any correspondence with us.
Once your order has been dispatched you will receive a shipped email confirmation to let you know your order is on its way to you.
For Click & Collect orders you will receive an email notification to let you know your order is ready to collect from your chosen store.
Orders are processed and, in most cases, dispatched same day depending on stock levels and the time of your order.
If your order does not arrive within the time frame mentioned within the shipped email please contact us including your name, order number, order date and order total by Email or use the contact form on the Contact Us page.
If, for any reason, you are unable to place an order online and would like to place an order over the phone please forward a copy of your basket by Email and then call us on 01362 691291 (without a copy of your basket prior to calling we cannot guarantee the over-the-phone price will match our online price)
Privacy
When you place an order via our online store our system will store your email address, name, address and telephone number in our database. We will use this information to process and deliver your order to you. We may share your data with the following companies to fulfil your order. All the companies we use are GDPR compliant. These companies are:
Royal Mail – We share name and address only so they can deliver your order.
FedEx – We share name, address, email address & phone number so they can deliver your order and supply you with tracking information.
Tuffnells – We share name, address, email address & phone number so they can deliver your order and supply you with tracking information.
Trust Pilot – They collect reviews for us. We share your name, email address and order number so that all reviews can be verified.
MailChimp - We occasionally send promotional newsletter emails via Mailchimp. These can contain discount codes and special offers. Mailchimp tracks how many emails are opened and the links within those emails. You can remove yourself from that mailing list at any time via the Unsubscribe button. Mailchimp are GDPR compliant, however as they are outside of the EU they are part of the US privacy shield.
Delivery
We use Royal Mail, FedEx, large couriers and our own vehicles to deliver our items. We always use the most cost effective delivery method for your order, to keep your delivery costs as low as possible.
We aim to dispatch all normal items within 1-2 days and extra large items within 3-5 days of order placement. In all cases delivery will be made within 28 days of your order.
Our delivery services are to the front of your delivery address and does not include carrying up flight of stairs, etc. Where access is limited or unsafe, we will deliver as close to your delivery address as possible.
We offer discounted delivery for orders within Norfolk. This is because we will deliver these items using our own vehicles, so do not have to pay third-party couriers to carry these items. Local delivery also reduces packaging costs. The maximum delivery charge for a Norfolk delivery (NR postcodes) is just £5, no matter how large the order.
Deliveries to remote areas in the UK (i.e. Scottish Islands) may incur an additional delivery charge (where sent by a courier other than Royal Mail) after order placement. In this case we will email you to confirm the extra charge before sending your order.
For any messages you wish to send us with your order i.e. where to leave your order if no one is available, please send these by Email directly after placing your order.
Products
We aim to have as many items in stock from the website catalogue as we can at all times. However, we occasionally run out of stock and so may not have all products in stock at the time of your order. If this happens, we will endeavour to get more stock for your order within a reasonable amount of time and let you know via email and/or a phone call if there is going to be a delay. We may occasionally send suitable alternate products where applicable (which will be of the same or higher quality), if we are unable to obtain new stocks in reasonable time or to ensure you receive your order as quickly as possible. We will always contact your first if sending a substituted item, and will not send substituted products that will not work with the rest of your order.
We are one of the largest online laminate worktop stockists in the UK. We can dispatch some worktops on the same day as order, and in most cases, your worktop will be with you within 7 days of order placement.
Returns & Refunds
Returns for unwanted orders placed via our online store can be returned within 30 days of order placement and within 14 days of receiving your order. Please Email Us to let us know that you are returning your order within 14 days of receipt. Unwanted products must be returned within the same condition you received them in or no refund will be given. You will receive an RMA number and all unwanted orders must be returned within 14 days of receiving this number. All refunds will be processed within 14 days of return of items to us.
Return delivery costs, for unwanted items are the responsibility of the buyer.
For damages or faulty items please report any issues via email as soon as possible. We may require images of the damage or fault.
We will work with you to decide whether a return for exchange or refund is the best option.
Returns of Norfolk Orders
If you wish to return items to one of our stores you are able to do this. We must agree this in an email with you prior. Your refund will be processed via our online service. We unable to give refunds in any of our stores on orders placed via our website. Items must be returned within 14 days of order receipt.
Faulty & Damaged Goods
In the unlikely event that you have received a damaged item, please report this to us as soon as possible. We may require images of any items reported as damaged or faulty. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Where a worktop has been reported as damaged or faulty, we will require a minimum of 2 photos, 1 of the entire length of worktop and 1 of the damage specifically. Without these we will not be able to accept liability for any damage. As worktops are usually cut before they are fitted, we highly recommend you check them for damages, blemishes, etc before fitting. We will not be able to accept returns/claims on any products that have been cut or modified.
Products being returned for any reason must be packed appropriately in order to keep them safe during transit back to us. Any products that incur damages on their way back to us due to insufficient packaging may not be refunded in full. Refunds in these cases will be at the discretion of Mr Plastic Ltd. We therefore highly recommend using original packaging where possible. You are welcome to contact us to ask for advice on the best way and material to pack your order return. Return delivery costs in any case can only be reimbursed with a postage invoice or receipt of the costs incurred which will have been agreed prior to return.
Faulty goods may require a site visit by the manufacturer of the product before any refund can be given, this includes faulty worktops. We will not be able to refund or exchange any faulty product without either us, or the manufacturer, agreeing the item is faulty. Please note that a damaged item is different to a faulty item.
If you receive your order, and are missing any items, please report this to us within 48 hours of receipt in order for us to resolve the issue. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Payment Methods
We use Sage Pay to accept payments via our online store.
Order Cancellation
If you wish to cancel your order before it has been shipped please email us as soon as possible, once an order has been shipped we cannot cancel the order, and it becomes the buyers responsibility to return the order. If you wish to change some of your order after you have placed it, unfortunately this is not always possible. In this instance, we recommend calling our sales office on 01362 691291 as soon as possible. If your order has been packed, it is unlikely we will be able to remove items without a handling fee. Please make sure you have all the correct products before making your purchase.
Mr Plastic LimitedRegistered Office Address:Chancellor Cottage,46 Holway Road,Sheringham,Norfolk,NR26 8HRCountry of Registration: EnglandCompany Number: 031 793 41VAT Number:
373 065
Delivery Information
Trustpilot Reviews
Trustpilot
Google Reviews
Quick Question
Are you a....?
DIYer
Builder / Trade Installer
Vote
Payment Options
Quick Links
My Account
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Blog Articles
Identifying Your Existing Guttering
Gutter Compatibility Charts
600+ Kitchen/Bathroom Worktops
Cast Iron Style PVC Guttering
Bespoke Gutter Fabrication Service
Freefoam Colormax Coloured Fascia, Soffit and Trims
Premier Freefoam Stockist
CanExel Cladding
Cut-to-Size Plastic Sheeting
Fortex uPVC Cladding
PanelStyle SplashPanel PVC Wall and Ceiling Panels
Polycarbonate Multiwall Roofing Sheets
Gutter Brands Available
Installing Fascias and Soffits
Company
FAQ
Returns
Delivery
About Us
Extra Services
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Connect With Us
Facebook
Twitter
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
© 2018-2020 Mr Plastic Ltd. All Rights Reserved | Company No. 031 793 41 | VAT No. 373 065 162
Dereham Showroom & Website OrdersNorwich Showroom & Head OfficeHevingham Branch
Mr Plastic Ltd
Mr Plastic Ltd
Mr Plastic Ltd
Greens Road
160-166 Oak Street
Springfield Farm
Yaxham Rd Industrial Estate
Norwich
7 Cromer Road
Dereham
Norfolk
Hevingham
Norfolk
NR3 3AY
Norfolk
NR20 3TG
NR10 5QX