https://www.sanfordinsurance.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Auto Quote
Home Quote
Life Quote
Business Quote
Ask An Agent
Navigation
Bonds
Insurance Options
Insurance Center
Manage Your Policy
Glossary
Local Resources
About
Recommended Professionals
Carriers
Privacy Statement
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Sanford Insurance. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Sanford Insurance is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. Sanford Insurance only has access to/collect information that you voluntarily provide via ronniel@sanfordinsurance.com or other direct contact from you. Sanford Insurance will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
Sanford Insurance will only use your information to respond to you, regarding the information in your direct request. Your information will not be shared with any third party outside of this organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask Sanford Insurance not to, you may be contacted via ronniel@sanfordinsurance.com in the future to be informed about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from Sanford Insurance at any time by using the ronniel@sanfordinsurance.com address or phone number given on this website:
See what data has been collected about you, if any.
Change/correct any data collected about you.
Have Sanford Insurance delete any data stored about you.
Express any concern you have about use of your data.
Security
Sanford Insurance takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever Sanford Insurance collects sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While Sanford Insurance uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, your information is also protected offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which personally identifiable information are stored is in a secure environment.
If you feel that this privacy policy is not being adhered to, you should contact Sanford Insurance via telephone at (919) 775-7216 or ronniel@sanfordinsurance.com.
Quick Quote
REFER AFRIEND
Site Links
Home
About
Glossary
Insurance Center
Ask An Agent
Local Resources
Recommended Professionals
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact
1722 S. Horner Blvd.
Sanford, NC. 27330
(919) 775-7216
Location