http://www.centier.com/about-us/local-help/
About Us
/ Assistance for Homeowners
Assistance for Homeowners
Centier understands that some of our clients may be encountering difficulties during these tough economic times. No matter what your situation, we will work with you to explore all available options.
Looking for Local Help - MortgageKeeper
Centier is committed to our clients and our community. We know many people are facing layoffs, poor health, struggling to make ends meet, or dealing with family troubles. To make finding trustworthy local help easy, we have partnered with MortgageKeeper Referral Services. Whether you're facing rising expenses, unemployment, late loan payments, or too much debt.
For additional assistance, contact us directly by phone at 219-755-6116, Monday through Friday from 8:00 AM-5:00 PM CST or email us at Centier_MK@centier.com.
Find a Housing Counselor
Housing counselors can provide advice on buying a home, renting, defaults, foreclosures, and credit issues. Click on the Get Started button above to find a counselor near you. The counseling agencies on this webpage are approved by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and they can offer independent advice about whether a particular set of mortgage loan terms is a good fit based on your objectives and circumstances, often at little or no cost to you.
http://www.consumerfinance.gov/find-a-housing-counselor/
Options May Be Available
The right option for you depends on your individual circumstances. If you provide all required information and documentation about your situation, we can determine if you qualify for temporary or long-term relief.
Take the First Step
Call us today at (888) 236-8437 ext. 1240. Centier representatives are available Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. until 5:00 p.m.
Find a banking center near you.
Click Here
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
RSS
YouTube
Stay Connected.
Leaving Centier...
You are leaving centier.com and entering a website that Centier does not control.
Centier has provided this link for your convenience, but does not endorse and is not responsible for the content, links, privacy policy, or security policy of this website.
Close
Continue