http://www.gospeltent.com/privacy-policy/
— Main Menu —HOME
ABOUT MIAMI TENT CO. - MANUFACTURING PROCESS
- FAQ’s
- PRIVACY POLICY
- SHIPMENT POLICY
- WARRANTY INFO
PRICES
WHY CHOOSE US
SEATING DIAGRAMS
INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEOS
CUSTOMER REVIEWS
PHOTO GALLERY
TENTS IN 146 COUNTRIES
FINANCING
CONTACT US
You are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Miami Missionary Tent Company Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the commercial tent manufacturer website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Miami Missionary Tent Company Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Miami Missionary Tent Company Inc. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
Miami Missionary Tent Company Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Miami Missionary Tent Company Inc.
www.gospeltent.com
Miami Missionary Tent Company Inc. 129 S. Treaty Rd Miami, Oklahoma USA 74354
918-540-2435
info@gospeltent.com
This document was last updated on April 16, 2014
HOME
ABOUT MIAMI TENT CO.
MANUFACTURING PROCESS
FAQ’s
PRIVACY POLICY
SHIPMENT POLICY
WARRANTY INFO
PRICES
WHY CHOOSE US
SEATING DIAGRAMS
INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEOS
CUSTOMER REVIEWS
PHOTO GALLERY
TENTS IN 146 COUNTRIES
FINANCING
CONTACT US
Miami Missionary Tent Co.
129 South Treaty Road
Miami, Oklahoma 74354 USA918-540-2435918-540-2436info@gospeltent.com
WHY MIAMI TENT? – Manufactured In The USA
– 35+ Years Experience
– Dedicated Tent Manufacturer
– State Of The Art Equipment
– Tents In 146 Countries
– Strongest Pole Tents In America
Search our site…
Recommended Posts
Round & Oval Tents vs. Square & Rectangle Tents
Before making the choice on whether to purchase a round/oval tent or square/rectangle tent there are several things to consider.
You want to choose the tent style that is the best...
Choosing between our 14 oz, 16 oz and 18 oz square & rectangle tents
I am often asked about the differences between our 14, 16 and 18 oz square & rectangle tents. Choosing the right pole tent for your party tent, church tent, tent for revival services...
Choosing between our 14 oz, 16 oz and 18 oz round & oval event tents
Making a decision between our 14 oz round & oval and our 18 oz premium round & oval pole tents can be a difficult one. We want you to have the perfect tent for your tent revival or ...
Customer Testimony"Everybody commented on how beautiful the big top circus tent looked. There were a lot of very happy, smiling people there that day! Thank you for your total professionalism, kind help and excellent product.” UK Circus; United Kingdom
Purchase
Blog
FAQ
Shipment Policy
Warranty Info
Privacy Policy
Miami Missionary Tent
129 S Treaty Rd, Miami, OK 74354, United States
918-540-2435
918-540-2436
Copyright © 2017 | Miami Missionary Tent Company