http://www.westsuburbanbank.com/whistleblower-policy.php
Log into Online Banking
Click here to log into online banking.
Whistleblower Policy
PURPOSE
The Audit Committee of West Suburban Bancorp, Inc. ("West Suburban")
desires to provide all employees, officers and directors of West
Suburban and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "Company")
with mechanisms for employees and other interested parties to
confidentially and anonymously bring to the attention of the Audit
Committee any concerns related to matters covered by the Company's
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, legal issues and accounting or
audit matters.
GENERAL OBJECTIVE
This Policy Regarding Communications with the Audit Committee describes
the Company's process of collecting and organizing these communications
and determining which communications will be relayed to
the Audit Committee members.
ADMINISTRATION
This process is administered by the Company's Director of Internal
Audit, is overseen by the Audit Committee and has been approved by the
Audit Committee.
Employees and other interested parties are able
to report their concerns related to matters covered by the Company's
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, legal issues and accounting or
audit matters to the Director of Internal Audit by:
Telephone at (630) 652-2207;
Pre-paid mail or courier to:
Director of Internal Audit
West Suburban Bank
711 S. Meyers Road
Lombard, IL 60148; or
E-mail to Director of Internal Audit
COLLECTION OF COMMUNICATIONS
The Director of Internal Audit will collect all communications addressed
as above or addressed to the Audit Committee (or any of its members).
The Director of Internal Audit will review the communications
to determine whether they are related to matters covered by the
Company's Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, legal issues, accounting
or audit matters ("Policy Scope Communications").
Any communications
that are not Policy Scope Communications will be excluded from further
processing under this Policy, and will instead be processed at the
discretion of the Director of Internal Audit.
PROCESS
The Director of Internal Audit will maintain a log of all Policy Scope
Communications and an original or a copy (which may be in an electronic
format), of all Policy Scope Communications, which shall be kept
in accordance with the Company's retention policy.
The Director of
Internal Audit will summarize all Policy Scope Communications that, in
the view of the Director of Internal Audit, are of a length or a
complexity such that summarization may improve the communication of the
information contained therein.
REPORTING
The Director of Internal Audit will report on all Policy Scope
Communications received since the immediately preceding report was
provided to the Audit Committee members at least quarterly to the Audit
Committee.
The Director of Internal Audit will also provide to the Audit Committee
Chairman, at least quarterly, a copy of all log entries made since the
immediately preceding report was provided to the Audit Committee
Chairman.
The Director of Internal Audit will promptly provide to any Audit
Committee member upon his or her request a copy of any part of the
Policy Scope Communications log, a copy of any Policy Scope
Communications and a
copy of any summary of any Policy Scope Communications to the Audit
Committee members.
ACTION OF DIRECTOR OF INTERNAL AUDIT
The Director of Internal Audit may immediately investigate and take any
action he or she believes is necessary or appropriate in response to any
matter raised in any Policy Scope Communication.
At least quarterly,
the Director of Internal Audit will report to all members of the Audit
Committee, the actions taken, since the last report, in response to
matters raised in any Policy Scope Communication.
PRIORITY REPORTING
If the Director of Internal Audit determines that a Policy Scope
Communication presents credible evidence of (1) a material violation of
any applicable securities law, (2) a material breach of fiduciary duty
arising
under any applicable law, or (3) a similar material violation of any
applicable law, in each case by the Company or any officer, director,
employee or agent of the Company, then the Director of Internal Audit
shall
promptly provide to the Audit Committee Chairman a copy of the Policy
Scope Communication and report any relevant information known to the
Director of Internal Audit and any actions taken in response to matters
raised in the Policy Scope Communication.
ADMINISTRATION AND AMENDMENT
This policy regarding communications with the Audit Committee is subject
and subordinate to the Audit Committee Charter.
Accordingly, it may be
amended or modified by the Board of Directors Audit Committee or as
permitted under the Audit Committee Charter.
Back to Top