http://www.piranprint.com/eng/Privacy-policy
Eng
Register
Login
My basket
Skip to main content
Products
News
Contact Us
About Us
bookingshop
Piran Print faq’s
Links
Site Search
advanced search sitemap
Piran Print - Printed Tickets
/
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Piran Print is a trading name of KCS Trade Print Ltd.
KCS Trade Print LTD is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We value your privacy and appreciate your trust in us. This Privacy Policy applies to current and former customers, visitors to our website and to our online customers. This Privacy Policy explains the information practices that apply to personally identifiable information that we collect about you.
KCS Trade Print Ltd may update this policy notice from time to time to keep up to date with regulation. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes or you can request a copy by contacting the office.
Any information that we collect about you will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy and will not be shared except in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information about you collected by our affiliates or third party websites that may post links or advertisements on or otherwise be accessible from our website. The information collected by these affiliates or third party websites is subject to their own privacy policies.
This policy together with our terms and conditions and any other documents referred to in them sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting our websites you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
We collect certain information or data about you when you use our websites - labelstree.nl/ kcsprint.co.uk or piranprint.co.uk.
We collect:
• Questions, queries or feedback you leave, including your email address if you contact us.
• Your email address and subscription preferences when you sign up to our email alerts, and how you use our emails – for example whether you open them and which links you click on
• Your IP address, and details of which version of web browser you used
• Information on how you use the site, using cookies and page tagging techniques
This data can be viewed by authorised people within KCS Print to:
• Take and fulfil customer orders
• Administer and enhance the site and service
• Issue a unique identifier (e.g. customer login)
• Monitor customer account status beyond that required for individual purchases
• Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes
• We do not record any financial details, credit or debit cards
FOR WHAT PURPOSES DO WE PROCESS YOUR DATA:
We may collect certain information about existing and potential customers. We require this information to respond to specific enquiries, to understand your needs better and provide you with great customer service.
Contact information including name, job title, company name, address, telephone number and email address.
How we use your details
To respond to enquiries and to fulfil orders
Why?
Processing basis – Contractual
We need your name and company contact details to supply a quotation and to send samples. We need an email address to send quotations and order confirmations and a telephone number in case we have any questions about details of your request.
How we use your details
To send marketing information by email about our products, services, offers and news.
Why?
Processing basis – Consent
We’d like to send you occasional marketing information by email and will only do this with your consent.
Payment information including your card’s registered address, expiry date and security code
How we use your details
To take payment and give refunds
Why?
Processing basis – Contractual
We need this to take payment for your goods. The Online Shop uses iDeal, World Pay and PayPal to securely process all payments. KCS Print does not store this information. If you call our office to make payment over the phone, your payment details are processed immediately and then destroyed.
Order history including items left in your Online Shop basket
How we use your details
To enable quick repeat orders, to help manage your stock levels and to provide customer support
Why?
Processing basis – Contractual
We will record previously ordered products in your file or online account and may contact you if an item is left in your Online Shop basket to see if we can help.
Demographic information such as postcode, products and areas of interest
How we use your details
Sales analysis and to help monitor stock levels
Why?
Processing basis – Legitimate interest
To ensure our products, customer service and sales approach meet your needs and remain competitive. We use sales data for internal sales analysis.
Information you give us when you browse our website pages via Google Analytics including cookies, your device type, IP address and location data if you choose to share it with us. Any such data that is personalised to you is held for no more than 36 months.
How we use your details
To show you Labelstree adverts as you browse the internet
Why?
Processing basis – Legitimate interest
To keep visitors to our website updated about our products and offers.
How we use your details
For market research purposes
Why?
Processing basis – Legitimate interest
How we use your details
To ensure the website, our products and services meet users’ needs.
To improve our website and follow up specific visits to our website
Why?
Processing basis – Legitimate interest
How we use your details
We will analyse visits to and use of our website in order to ensure it meets your needs. If you have visited our site we may contact you by telephone to see if we can help with your requirement.
To protect our website
Why?
Processing basis – Legal requirement
To prevent misuse of our website and to protect the customer data that we hold.
To identify and prevent fraud.
Who the information may be shared with
We sometimes need to share the personal information we process with other organisations. We will only do this in compliance with current data protection regulations. Labelstree may share your data with the following types of company in order to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement:
• Companies that are involved in getting your goods to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses and delivery companies
• Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, software providers, website hosts and IT support services who help us run our business
• Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud
• Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us)
We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you.
WordPress
We use a third party service, WordPress.com, to publish our blog. These sites are hosted at WordPress.com. We use a standard WordPress service to collect anonymous information about users' activity on the site, for example the number of users viewing pages on the site, to monitor and report on the effectiveness of the site and help us improve it. WordPress requires visitors that want to post a comment to enter a name and email address. For more information about how WordPress processes data, please https://en-gb.wordpress.org/about/privacy/
CONTACTING US VIA SOCIAL MEDIAIf you send us a private or direct message via social media the message will be stored. It will not be shared with any other organisations.
THE LEGAL BASIS’ USED FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA:
• Take and fulfil customer orders
• Send requested samples or update
• Administer and enhance the site and service
• Issue a unique identifier (e.g. customer login)
• Monitor customer account status beyond that required for individual purchases
• Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes• We do not record any financial details, credit or debit cards
WHERE YOUR DATA IS STORED:
We may transfer your personal information to suppliers or service providers based outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this privacy policy. If we do this your personal information will continue to be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out under the GDPR.
These might be the use of model contracts in a form approved by regulators, or having our suppliers sign up to an independent privacy scheme approved by regulators (like the US ‘Privacy Shield’ scheme).
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR DATA:
• We will retain data on our customer database of all customers that we have quoted or produced work for in the past 3 years.
• Data held for accounting purposes will be held for 7 years to enable us to comply with legal requirements.• Personal data that has been gathered through entries into our contact us page or direct contact by email or telephone will be held for 3 years to enable us to provide excellent customer service. If you would like to be removed from this list please contact nigel@kcsprint.co.uk requesting this removal. We will comply with these requests within 7 working days.
WHEN YOU SIGN UP TO OUR EMAIL ALERTS:
As a subscriber to our email newsletter, we may contact you from time to time to inform you of company updates or interesting marketing information, we will also provide clear opt out instructions at the base of all marketing email communications should you wish not to receive communication from us in future.
We use a third party provider, www.mail-away.co.uk, to deliver our e-newsletters. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see https://jarrang.com/privacy-policy/
KEEPING YOUR DATA SECURE:
Sending information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit. Any data you send is at your own risk.
We have robust procedures and security features compliant with the GDPR in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
DISCLOSING YOUR INFORMATION:
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, or if we must enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements. This includes exchanging information with other government departments for legal reasons.
In order to carry out certain business functions, such as order fulfilment, e-mail delivery, or marketing, we sometimes hire other companies to perform services on our behalf. We may disclose personally identifiable information that we collect about you to these companies to enable them to perform these services, but they are required to safeguard the data and are not authorised to use it for any other purpose than completing their contractual requirements to KCS Print.
We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
YOUR RIGHTS:
You can find out what information we hold about you and ask us not to use any of the information we collect.
If you’ve signed up for email alerts, you can unsubscribe or change your settings at any time.
To discuss our privacy policy or your individual rights you can contact nigel@kcsprint.co.uk or call the office on +44 (0)1566 773696.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
www.labelstree.nl, www.piranprint.co.uk and www.kcsprint.co.uk contains links to other websites.
This privacy policy only applies to our own websites and doesn’t cover other services that we link to. These services have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies.
Following a link to another website:
If you go to another website from this one, read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information.
Following a link from another website:If you come to any of our websites from another site, we may receive information from the other website. We don’t use this data. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.
CONCERNS OR COMPLAINTS
If you have any complaints in relation to how our business has processed your data or in relation to the exercise of your rights as detailed above you can in the first instance raise your concerns by contacting us as follows: Nigel Schofield, Data Manager, KCS Print LTD, 1 Southgate Technology Park, Pennygillam Ind Est, Launceston, Cornwall PL15 7ED. You may also contact the Information Commissioner's Office in relation to any such complaints https://ico.org.uk/
Web by Sanders Design
Powered by eZ Publish
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions