http://www.samedia.com/us-en/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Data Privacy Information
General
Personal data protection and the protection of your private sphere is of great importance to us. We would like to take this opportunity to explain what happens when you use our personalised services and how we protect your data. In order to ensure the greatest possible protection of your private sphere, we consider it a matter of course that we comply with all the statutory provisions on data protection.
Personal data
Personal data is information about your identity. This includes e.g. name, address, telephone number and email address. You do not have to reveal personal data in order to use our internet site. In certain situations, however, we do need your name and address as well as other information in order to provide the required services.
This applies, for example, to sending out information material and goods that have been ordered and when answering individual queries. Where this is necessary, we will inform you accordingly. In addition, we only store and process data that you make available to us either voluntarily or automatically. If we ask you for further information, such information is voluntary. Processing of personal data takes place exclusively for the purpose of fulfilling the requested offer and in order to safeguard our own legitimate interests.
Intended use of personal data
We use the personal data which you provide in order to answer your enquiries, to process your orders and to provide you with access to certain information or offers. We will not sell your personal data to third parties or otherwise market it.
Use of data for a specific purpose
We will only collect, process and use the personal data, which you make available to us online, for the purpose indicated. Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties without your necessary consent. We only collect personal data and transmit it to those government institutions and authorities that are entitled to receive such information, in compliance with the applicable laws or insofar as we are obliged to do so under court order. Our employees and commissioned service providers are subject to a duty of confidentiality and are obliged to comply with the provisions of the German Data Protection Act.
Non-personal data collected automatically
When using our internet sites, the following data will be stored for administrative and technical reasons: name of the accessed site, browser and operating system used, date and time of access, the search machines used, names of the downloaded files and your IP address. We analyse this technical data anonymously and solely for statistical purposes, in order to ensure the continual optimisation of our internet presence and to improve our internet content. This anonymised data is stored on secure systems separately from personal information and does not permit any identification of an individual person. Your personal data and private sphere is thus protected at all times.
Children
Persons under 16 years of age should not send any personal data to us without the permission of their parents or guardian. We do not request or collect any data from children or young persons nor do we pass it on to third parties.
Links
In so far as you use external links that are offered within the framework of our internet site, this Data Privacy Statement does not cover such links. Where we offer links, we endeavour to ensure that they also comply with our data protection and security standards. However, we have no control over compliance with data protection and security provisions by other providers.  Please therefore find out about this for yourself on the internet sites of the other providers by way of the data privacy statements located there.
Contact details
Name and adress of the controller
SAMEDIA S.A.S
Marie-Curie Straße 10
D-79211 Denzlingen, GERMANY
Tél : +49(0)7666-93 26 850
Fax : +49(0)7666-93 26 855
Email : contact@samedia.com
Name and address of the Data Protection Officer
dataprivacy@samedia.com
If you have any questions about data protection, please do not hesitate to contact our Data Protection Officer directly.
Use of special services on our internet site
For certain services (Newsletter, Online Shop, ...) the collection of personal data is necessary. In this regard, only the data that is required for the relevant purpose will be collected and the statutory storage periods will be observed.
Customer account
Personal data is required in order for you to hold a customer account. The required data is indicated on the registration form with an asterisk “*”. You consent to the use of this data for the purpose of holding the account by way of the registration form. For orders via the Shop, further data is required depending on the method of payment. This arises from the selected payment method.
Delivery of goods
Your data is passed on to the shipping company commissioned with delivery insofar as this is necessary for delivery of the goods.
General information on the use of cookies
The use of cookies enables us to provide users of our internet site with more user-friendly services. This is not possible without cookies. We optimise our information and offers based on the data collected via cookies. We use cookies to fill the shopping basket and they also allow us to show you the products that are still in your shopping basket the next time you visit our site. Automatic registration in the Shop is made possible by way of cookies. By configuring your browser, it is possible to generally disable the use of cookies for our site. You can also delete existing cookies by way of the appropriate browser function.
Where cookies are disabled, this may mean that parts of the internet site will not be usable or that its use will be limited.
Information on special cookies
We use various cookies on our website in order to analyse use of the website and to advertise our products in a targeted manner. In this regard, we use technologies from various providers (e.g. Google, Yahoo, Trusted Shops, Pulse Point, SPOTX, VE Interactive , …).
Google cookies
Various cookies are used in connection with the use of Google Analytics. These may change over time. This is therefore a summarised description of the use of Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics from Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA)
Google Analytics allows data, sessions and interactions, across multiple devices, to be assigned to a pseudonymous user ID. This enables user activities to be analysed across devices.
These cookies, which are text files stored on your computer, assist in creating an analysis of the use of this website. We apply the “IP-Anonymisation” function. The data is therefore processed in an EU state or another member state of the EEA. In exceptional cases, the full IP address may be sent to a server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted to Google Analytics by your browser will not be combined with other Google data. Google evaluates the data transmitted, on our behalf, and provides us with reports on website activity and usage.  Google also provides additional services associated with the use of the website and the Internet. We therefore have a legitimate interest in processing the data. Legal basis in this regard is Section 15 (3) German Telemedia Act (TMG) or Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR. After 14 months, the data thus collected by the cookies will be deleted automatically once a month.
You can configure the management of cookies by way of the settings in your browser software.
You can use the opt-out cookie (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de) to prevent data processing by Google. To do this you have to download and install the browser add-on. If you wish to do this across multiple devices, this add-on will need to be installed on all the devices.
Deletion and management of cookies
Depending on which browser you use, you can manage the use of cookies. The following assistance is available for standard browsers:
Microsoft Explorer :
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
Firefox :
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Cookies
Google Chrome :
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hlrm=en
Safari :
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
Opera :
http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html
SSL encryption
This site uses SSL encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of sensitive content, such as the requests you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by changing the address line of the browser from "http: //" to "https: //" and the lock symbol in your browser line. If SSL encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties.
Social media
Facebook
Our site, with your consent to conversion, uses the Facebook Visitor Action Pixel, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). This way, the behavior of the site visitors can be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider's website by clicking on a Facebook ad. As a result, the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements can be evaluated for statistical and market research purposes and future advertising measures optimized. The collected data are anonymous to us as the operator of this website, we can not draw conclusions about the identity of the users. However, the data is stored and processed by Facebook so that a connection to the respective user profile is possible and Facebook can use the data for its own advertising purposes, in accordance with the Facebook data usage directive. As a result, Facebook can enable ads to be displayed on Facebook and outside of Facebook. This use of data can not be influenced by us as the site operator. It may also be stored for these purposes, a cookie on your computer. Please refer to the privacy policy of Facebook for more information on how to protect your privacy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
You can also use the remarketing feature "Custom Audiences" in the Ads Settings section under https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=ad_settings_screen deactivate. To do this, you must be logged in to Facebook. If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt out of use-based advertising from Facebook on the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance website.
Youtube
Our pages contain plugins from Youtube, belonging to Google Inc., based in San Bruno / California, USA. The Youtube button can be recognized by the lettering of the same name. When you visit a page of our website, which contains such a plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of Youtube. In the process, the Youtube server is informed of which special page our internet presence was visited by you. If you are logged in to Youtube while visiting our website with your personal user account, Youtube allows you to assign your surfing behavior directly to your personal account. If you want to prevent such data transmission, please log out before visiting our website on Youtube. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Pinterest as well as your related rights and settings options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of Youtube at https://policies.google.com/privacy
Instagram
Functions of the service Instagram are integrated on our sides. These features are provided by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, United States. If you are logged in to your Instagram account, you can link the contents of our pages to your Instagram profile by clicking on the Instagram button. This allows Instagram to associate the visit to our pages with your user account. We point out that we as the provider of the pages do not receive knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and their use by Instagram. For more information, see the Instagram Privacy Policy: http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
Rights of data subjects :
You have the right to limit use of your personal data at all times. In order to exercise your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer directly; the contact details can be found at the beginning of this document. As a data subject, the following rights are available to you:
Right to information
Any data subject has the right to receive a summary of his/her processed personal data.
Right to rectification
Any data subject has the right to require rectification of his/her processed personal data.
Right to erasure
Any data subject has the right to have his/her processed personal data erased provided statutory requirements do not prevent this.
Right to restrict use
Any data subject has the right to restrict the further use of his/her processed personal data.
Right to object
Any data subject has the right to object to the further use of his/her processed personal data.
Right to data portability
Any data subject has the right to have his/her processed personal data transferred in machine-readable format to third parties for further use.
Right of complaint
Any data subject has the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority in the event of non-compliance with guaranteed data processing. This supervisory authority can be contacted at https://www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de/online-beschwerde/.
Updating data privacy information
This Data Privacy Information is continually updated in line with current functions, technologies and applicable law. This takes place at irregular intervals. The Data Privacy Statement displayed on the internet site applies, as amended from time to time.
As of : May 2018
QUALITY & SAFETY
NEW products
Our STRENGTHS
close
Formulaire de recherche
Search
Search
0peration
Cutting
Grinding
Coring drilling
Interested in this product ?
Contact us !
Tel (708) 667 8469
(USA & Canada)
Tel +49 7666-9326-850
(UK and Other Export countries)
Contact form
material
Abrasive cement joints
Abrasive concrete
Adhesive
Adhesive residues
Adhesive residues on hard underground
All types of ceramic tiles
Artificial stone
Asphalt
Bath ceramics
Bricks/poroton
Brickwork
Brickwork / Bricks
Cast iron / Ductile cast iron
Cast iron, SML pipes
Cement and mortar joints
Cement asbestos
Cement joints
Cement screed
Ceramic terrace tiles
Ceramics
Coatings
Coatings / Epoxy / Elastic adhesives
Coatings, adhesive residues, paints
Concrete
Concrete products
Construction steel
Ductile cast iron pipes
Epoxy resin coatings
Extreme dense sand-lime brick
Fiberglass
Fiberglass wallpaper
Fire brick / Refractory brick
Fireclay
Fresh concrete / Green concrete
Glass
Glass / Fiberglass
Glazed ceramics
Glazed stove tiles
Glazed Tile
Granite
Granite tiles
Green concrete up to 24 h.
GRP (Glass-Reinforced Plastic) / GFRP (Glass Fiber Reinforced Plastic)
Hard Brick
Hard cement joints
Hard reinforced concrete
Hard roof tiles
Hard sandstone
Hard stone
Hard stone / Porphyry / Slate
Hard stoneware
Hard-baked tiles
Highly dense sand-lime brick
Hollow block/pumice stones
Laminate
Lightweight concrete
Limestone / Travertine
Marble
Metal
Natural stone
Non ferrous metals
Old concrete
Plaster
Plastics
Porcelain stoneware
Porcelain stoneware, stoneware
PP- / PE- / PVC-pipes
Prestressed concrete
PVC / Plastics / GFK
PVC pipes
Quartz
Reinforced concrete
Roof tile
Sand-lime brick / Lime sandstone
Sandstone
Screed
Sealing compound
Sewer pipes
Slate
SML pipes
SML pipes / Gray cast iron
Stainless steel
Stoneware
Strong abrasive concrete
Tile adhesive
Tile adhesive / Plaster
Tiles
Timber
Timber floorboard paint
Travertine
Universal concrete
Washed Concrete
Wet concrete 24 to 48 h.
Wood
Best Sellers
SHOXX RX13
SHOXX UX17
SHOXX Z U5
Our last news
Black Friday & Cyber Monday : the best diamond blades deal
November 25, 2020
SAMEDIA started a great diamond blades deal for the US market from November 25th to November 30th.
SAMEDIA CORP is partnering with severa
Facebook SAMEDIA International
Twitter SAMEDIA International
Instagram INT
LinkedIn SAMEDIA CORP (USA-CA)
Youtube SAMEDIA INT
X
Username
Password
Request new password
Send