https://www.f1online.de/en/privacy
Fax: +49 (0)69 800 69 1
E-Mail: info@f1online.de
Opening Hours: Mon - Fri 9.00 am - 6.00 pm
Here you can find the right contact
Deutsch
Login
Please check your input
Please check your input
Stay logged in
Cancel
Login
Please check your input
Please check your input
Cancel
Reset
You will receive an email to reset your password.
I've forgot my password
Register now
Some Problems? We'll help you!:
Mail: info@f1online.de
Phone: +49(0)69 800 69 0
PRIVACY - YOUR DATA AND COOKIES WITH US
PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for your interest in our online shop. The protection of your privacy is very important to us. Below we inform you in detail about the handling of your data.
1. access data and hosting
You can visit our website without providing any personal information. Each time a website is called up, the web server merely automatically saves a so-called server log file which, for example, contains the name of the requested file, your IP address, date and time of the call, the amount of data transmitted and the requesting provider (access data) and documents the call.
These access data are evaluated exclusively for the purpose of ensuring trouble-free operation of the site and improving our services. Pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 f DSGVO, this serves to safeguard our legitimate interests in a correct presentation of our offer, which predominate within the scope of a balancing of interests. All access data will be deleted no later than seven days after the end of your visit to the site.
Third-party hosting services
As part of processing on our behalf, a third party provider provides us with hosting and website presentation services. This serves to protect our legitimate interests in a correct presentation of our offer, which predominate within the scope of a balancing of interests. All data collected in the context of the use of this website or in the forms provided for this purpose in the online shop as described below are processed on its servers. Processing on other servers only takes place in the framework described here.
This service provider is located within a country of the European Union or the European Economic Area.
2. data collection and use for contract processing and when opening a customer account
We collect personal data when you voluntarily provide it to us in connection with your order, when contacting us (e.g. via contact form or e-mail) or when opening a customer account. Mandatory fields are marked as such, since in these cases we require the data for contract processing, or for processing your contact or opening of the customer account, and you cannot complete the order and/or the account opening or can not send the contact without their information. Which data is collected can be seen from the respective input forms. We use the data provided by you in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b DSGVO for contract processing and processing your enquiries. After complete processing of the contract or deletion of your customer account, your data will be restricted for further processing and deleted after expiry of the storage periods under tax and commercial law, unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we reserve the right to use data beyond this, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you in this declaration. The deletion of your customer account is possible at any time and can take place either via a message to the contact possibility described below or via a function intended for it in the customer account.
3. data transfer
Depending on which payment service provider you select in the order process, we pass on the payment data collected for the processing of payments to the credit institution commissioned with the payment and, if applicable, to payment service providers commissioned by us or to the selected payment service. In some cases, the selected payment service providers also collect this data themselves if you create an account there. In this case, you must log in to the payment service provider with your access data during the ordering process. The data protection declaration of the respective payment service provider applies in this respect.
4. e-mail newsletter
E-mail advertising with registration for the newsletter
If you register for our newsletter, we use the data required for this or separately communicated by you in order to regularly send you our e-mail newsletter on the basis of your consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO.
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time and either by sending a message to the contact option described below or via a link provided for this purpose in the newsletter. After deregistration, we delete your e-mail address unless you have expressly consented to further use of your data or we reserve the right to use data beyond this, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you in this declaration.
The newsletter is sent within the framework of a processing on our behalf by a service provider to whom we pass on your e-mail address for this purpose.
This service provider is based in the USA and is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. A current certificate can be viewed here. As a result of this agreement between the US and the European Commission, the latter has established an adequate level of data protection for companies certified under the Privacy Shield.
5. Cookies and web analysis
To make visiting our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, to display suitable products or for market research purposes, we use so-called cookies on various pages. This serves to safeguard our legitimate interests in an optimised presentation of our offer in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO, which predominate in the context of a balancing of interests. Cookies are small text files that are automatically stored on your end device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, i.e. after closing your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your terminal and enable us to recognize your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies). You can see the duration of storage in the overview in the cookie settings of your web browser. You can set your browser in such a way that you are informed about the setting of cookies and decide individually about their acceptance or exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally. Each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings. This is described in the help menu of each browser, which explains how you can change your cookie settings. You will find these for the respective browsers under the following links:
Internet http://windows.microsoft.com/de-DE/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies
&lt;font color="#ffff00"&gt;https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale presents
http://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&hlrm=en&answer=95647
Firefox™ Firefox™
Opera™: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/de/cookies.html
If cookies are not accepted, the functionality of our website may be limited.
Use of Google (Universal) Analytics for web analysis
For website analysis, this website uses Google (Universal) Analytics, a web analysis service of Google LLC (www.google.de). This serves to safeguard our legitimate interests in an optimised presentation of our offer in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f DSGVO, which predominate in the context of a balancing of interests. Google (Universal) Analytics uses methods that enable an analysis of your use of the website, such as cookies. The automatically collected information about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. By activating IP anonymisation on this website, the IP address is reduced prior to transmission within the Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The anonymous IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. After the end of the use of Google Analytics by us the data collected in this context will be deleted.
Google LLC is headquartered in the USA and is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. A current certificate can be viewed here. As a result of this agreement between the US and the European Commission, the latter has established an adequate level of data protection for companies certified under the Privacy Shield.
You can prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
As an alternative to the browser plugin, you can click this link to prevent Google Analytics from collecting data on this website in the future. An opt-out cookie is stored on your mobile device. If you delete your cookies, you must click the link again.
hotjar
This offer uses Hotjar, a web analysis tool. Interactions of randomly selected individual visitors with the website are recorded anonymously. This creates a protocol of e.g. mouse movements and clicks with the aim of pointing out possible improvements to the respective website.
In addition, information about the operating system, browser, incoming and outgoing links, geographical origin, as well as resolution and type of device are evaluated for statistical purposes.
This information is not personal and will not be passed on by Hotjar to third parties. If you do not want a recording, you can disable it on all websites using Hotjar by setting the DoNotTrack header in your browser. You can find more information on the following page: https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out
For more information about Hotjar Ltd. and the Hotjar tool, please visit: https://www.hotjar.com
6. contact possibilities and your rights
As a person concerned, you have the following rights:
according to Art. 15 DSGVO the right to request information about your personal data processed by us to the extent described therein;
in accordance with Art. 16 DSGVO the right to demand immediately the correction of incorrect or complete personal data stored by us;
pursuant to Art. 17 DSGVO the right to request the deletion of your personal data stored with us, unless further processing
to exercise freedom of expression and information;
to fulfil a legal obligation;
for reasons of public interest, or
to assert, exercise or defend legal claims
is required;
pursuant to Art. 18 DSGVO, the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data, insofar as
the correctness of the data is denied by you;
the processing is unlawful, but you refuse to delete it;
we no longer need the data, but you do need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or
you have lodged an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 DSGVO;
has the right, pursuant to Art. 20 DSGVO, to receive your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, current and machine-readable format or to request its transfer to another person responsible;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority pursuant to Art. 77 DSGVO. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority at your usual place of residence or workplace or at our company headquarters.
If you have any questions regarding the collection, processing or use of your personal data, information, correction, blocking or deletion of data or revocation of consent given or objection to a specific use of data, please contact us directly via the contact data in our imprint.
right of objection
Insofar as we process personal data as described above in order to protect our legitimate interests, which predominate within the scope of a balance of interests, you can object to this processing with effect for the future. If the data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you can exercise this right at any time as described above. If the processing takes place for other purposes, you are only entitled to a right of objection if there are reasons arising from your particular situation.
After exercising your right of objection, we will not process your personal data further for these purposes, unless we can prove compelling reasons worthy of protection for the processing, which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
This does not apply if the processing is for direct marketing purposes. Then we will not process your personal data for this purpose.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us:
Phone: +49 (0) 69 800 69-0
Email: info@f1online.de
Edit position
×
Close
Adopt