http://www.brechbuhler.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc.
Scale Service, Scale Calibration, Scale Repair, Balance Calibration
Products
Heavy Capacity
Axle Scales
High Impact
Rail Scales
Truck Scales
Light Capacity
Balances
Compact
Food Service
Medical
Moisture Analyzers
Industrial
Bench Scales
Counting Scales
Crane Scales
Dynamometers
Floor Scales
Livestock Scales
Shipping Scales
Washdown Scales
Wheel Weighers
Force Measurement
Force Gauges
Dynamometers
Test Stands
Accessories
Indicators
Printers
Services
Calibration
Balance Calibration
Force Calibration
Preventative Maintenance
Scale Calibration
Virtual PI
Installations
Concrete Foundations
Systems
Turnkey Solutions
Rental Scales
Counting Scales
Crane Scales
Floor Scales
Truck Scales
Service
24/7 Service
Certified Technicians
Electronic Repair
Specialty Products
Systems
Batching
Checkweighing
Counting
Custom
Farm Management
Mobile Applications
Truck Management
In-Motion Weighing
Axle Scales
Batching & Filing
Belt Scales
Check Weighing
Drum Filling
Loadout Systems
On-Board Weighing
Force Measurement
Pressure Gauges
Contact
Corporate Office
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc.
1424 Scale Street
Canton Ohio, 44706
Send a Message
Ohio Branches
Canton
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dayton
Lima
Mansfield
Youngstown
Indiana Branches
Columbus
Fort Wayne
Indianapolis
South Bend
Dundee, Michigan
Pennsylvania Branches
Pittsburgh
Sarver
West Virginia Branches
Nitro
Parkersburg
Careers
Careers Home
About Us
Blog
Providing superior scale weighing solutions and customer service through high quality personnel.
Privacy Policy
BRECHBUHLER SCALES, INC PRIVACY STATEMENT
Your privacy is important to Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. collects, and the ways in which Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. uses that personal information.
Personal information collection
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information about your use of this website
information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website
information about transactions carried out over this website
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services and
any other information that you send to Brechbuhler Scales, Inc
Using personal information
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. may use your personal information to:
administer this website
personalize the website for you
enable your access to and use of the website services
send to you products that you purchase
supply to you services that you purchase
send to you statements and invoices
collect payments from you; and
send you marketing communications
Where Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing your data
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be protected by encryption technology.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available around the world.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Updating this statement
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other websites
This website contains links to other websites.
Brechbuhler Scales, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact Brechbuhler Scales, Inc.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or Brechbuhler Scales, Inc.’s treatment of your personal information, please write:
by email to privacy@brechbuhler.com; or
by post to 1424 Scale St SW, Canton, Ohio 44706.
The Best Customer Support
Need help choosing the right scale? Our team of highly trained experts has the knowledge and passion to help.
Just pick up the phone and give us a ring. Our experts love solving problems and lending a hand (or ear).