http://www.hilltip.com/en/contact/privacy-policy/
Principles
In this privacy policy, references to we, us, our and similar words means Hilltip Ab Oy. Reference to you mean the person who use the Hilltip website.
Hilltip stores and uses the personal information you submit to us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA) and General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) and other applicable laws and regulations that relate to data protection and privacy. We will take appropriate physical, technical and managerial measures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us. We will not sell or share your personal information without your consent other than to provide the service you have requested.
Handling Personal Information
The personal information provided to us in the contact forms may include: Names, postal addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, and any other information relating to individuals. We strive to avoid asking for information that is not relevant or necessary for our services. If you wish to remove your personal information from our system, please contact us by email or phone. We will respond to your request within 30 days. Please note that we need to retain your information as long as it is needed to comply with our legal obligations.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, during transmission as well as in storage. We store all the personal information you provide on secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers, located in Finland. All transmissions over the internet you send to or receive from our server will be encrypted using SSL technology. Of course, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, thus we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Policy amendments
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Please check this page occasionally to stay updated.
If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy or the practices of our sites, you may contact us by sending an email to info@hilltip.com.
© 2018 Oy Hilltip Ab. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic and serve targeted advertisements. You can read more information at our Privacy policy page.OK