https://www.grasshoppermower.com/privacy/
Looking for more in-depth information? Our product literature has it all. Simply tell us how you prefer to view it.
PRINTED LITERATURE
Our printed literature provides everything you need, from information to product specifications and more.
REQUEST NOW
ONLINE LITERATURE
Our interactive online literature offers the same detailed content, plus informative videos, links and more.
ACCESS ONLINE
Toggle navigation
LEARN MORE
About
Contact
Factory Tours
Careers
Privacy
Legal
Site Map
About
Contact
Factory Tours
Careers
Privacy
Legal
Site Map
Privacy Policy
GrasshopperMower.com and GrasshopperDealers.com are digital properties ("Websites") officially sponsored and maintained by The Grasshopper Company ("Grasshopper"). These Websites are published for the use and benefit of visitors like you to the Website(s) including but not limited to past/present/prospective Grasshopper customers and representatives of Grasshopper Affiliates (herein collectively defined as “Users”).
Our "Affiliates" are defined as authorized Grasshopper product retailers ("Dealers"), authorized Grasshopper product wholesalers ("Distributors"), authorized marketing/advertising agencies and publications and their employees and representatives ("Agencies") and other official business partners ("Partners") with which Grasshopper has an established business relationship.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to all Grasshopper Websites and governs the practices of data collection, storage and usage therein. This Policy also describes the rights you have regarding the collection, usage, correction and/or removal of any personally identifiable information we collect from you.
By accessing and interacting with our Websites and/or by providing personal information to us in so doing, you implicitly agree with and consent to the data practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree with or consent to the data practices contained herein, you should not access, interact with or otherwise use our Websites.
This Policy does not create a legal or binding agreement between Grasshopper and Users and, as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Policy Updates
This Policy is subject to change without notice or prior consent in accordance with privacy best practices and/or legal requirements.
Information Collection and Use
We collect data and other information from Users for the express commercial purposes of selling and servicing Grasshopper products. While we do not “sell” the information we collect to third-parties, we do share all necessary information with our Affiliates in order to facilitate the sale and service of Grasshopper products. By submitting or transmitting correspondence to us, you consent to allow us to use any or all of the information contained therein, and to share that information with our Affiliates, in pursuit of our express commercial purposes.
In order to provide the most relevant and customized User experience, we collect certain information, including but not limited to, IP addresses, cookie IDs and other pseudonymous data, when you access, view or otherwise interact with any of our Website(s) and/or webpage(s).
We also utilize cookies – small data files sent to and stored on your device(s) – to track your visits, the different pages you access and how often you access them, and specific content interests thereby enabling us to enhance your User experience and create customized, relevant communications based on your specific interests.
We may request or require additional personally identifiable information when you request product- or service-related information via form submission on the Website(s), including but not limited to: your name, physical address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), email address(es) and other demographic information (herein collectively defined as "Information").
Grasshopper does not require and will never attempt to collect banking information, credit card numbers, Social Security numbers and/or health-related information for any reason. However, please be aware that some Partner websites linked to or from our Websites may request or require such sensitive information. Use extreme caution when sharing such information. Learn more about protecting your identity online.
Pursuant to our express commercial purposes, we use the Information we collect to engage in activities related to the sale and service of Grasshopper products including, but not limited to:
Initiating contact and communication with you via physical mail, telephone, text/SMS and/or email with product or parts/service information, product demonstrations and/or quotes and requests for proposals (RFPs);
Matching your address(es) to local Dealers, Distributors or authorized sales representatives to facilitate timely responses and follow up to requests for product- or service-related information;
Utilizing demographic information, pseudonymous data another affiliated information to send customized promotional messages to you via various online and offline methods;
Sharing Information with Grasshopper Affiliates in order to present relevant product advertisements and promotional messages, both online and offline, to you and/or related audiences.
By submitting and/or transmitting correspondence containing your email address(es), you grant us permission to send you direct response(s) via email from authorized Grasshopper representatives and/or Affiliates, as well as consent to “opt-in” to receive ongoing email communications regarding other products, promotional offers and related content.
You may opt out of specific or all Grasshopper email communications at any time. Every email we send contains both Email Preferences and Unsubscribe links in the email footer. Email Preferences allows you to adjust the types of email you consent to receive, while Unsubscribe allows you to withdraw consent for all email communications.
California Residents' Rights
Notice to California Residents: If you are a California resident, you may have certain additional rights. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by us to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits registered users who are minors to request and obtain deletion of certain posted content. The California Consumer Privacy Act, California Civil Code 1798.100, et seq., requires transparency regarding data practices and permits you to request, among other things, access to and deletion of your personal information, and requires that we provide you control over certain data transfers deemed under the law to be a “sale.” Visit our California Privacy Rights page for more information.
European Union Citizens' Rights
Notice to EU Citizens: Per the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), our online contact forms will provide a means of establishing and tracking Lawful Basis of Processing. This includes Consent with Proper Notice — meaning as an EU citizen, you will be provided with details as to the nature of future email communications and a mechanism through which you can provide an affirmative opt-in. It will also include:
Details on how we will process and use your information;
Notice as to how you may modify your preferences or request removal from our mailing list(s);
A mechanism that allows you to agree to the use of cookies – small data files sent to and stored on your device(s) – to track content interests and enable us to enhance your user experience by better tailoring communications to your specific interests.
EU Citizens may withdraw consent at any time by unsubscribing from specific types or all Grasshopper email communications using the Email Preferences or Unsubscribe links located at the bottom of any email communication. You may also request that all of your personal data be deleted from our database, or request access to a copy of all stored data in a machine-readable format, such as a .csv or .xls file, to verify Lawful Basis of Processing.
To request removal from our database, or to request a copy of the information we have on file, contact us via email or by telephone at +1 620-345-8621 or write to us at:
GDPR Compliance Request
The Grasshopper Company
P.O. Box 637
Moundridge, KS 67107
USA
Note: Requests to delete information apply directly and only to Grasshopper. Similar requests to Affiliates must be made in accordance with those Affiliates’ corresponding privacy policies.
Information Controls and Choices
Upon request, we will provide a full report of any or all of your personal information in our records, including the categories of information collected about you and the Affiliates with which we have shared your information. Furthermore, we will delete any or all of the personal information we have on file about you upon your express written request.
To request removal from our database, or to request a copy of the information we have on file, contact us via email or by telephone at +1 620-345-8621 or write to us at:
Privacy Policy Request
The Grasshopper Company
P.O. Box 637
Moundridge, KS 67107
Note: Requests to delete information apply directly and only to Grasshopper. Similar requests to Affiliates must be made in accordance with those Affiliates’ corresponding privacy policies.
Information Collected by Others
This Policy pertains to and governs Grasshopper Websites only. This Policy does not apply to websites you access via links to or from our Websites. We are not responsible for the information-collecting policies and practices employed by websites linked to or from our Websites, nor are we responsible for the information or content contained therein. Links to other websites from our Websites are provided solely on the basis that such websites may contain useful information for you and other Users. You are advised to review the privacy policies of all websites you visit online.
Company Email Communications
The following statement governs any email communication sent from Grasshopper and may be posted on this page in lieu of the bottom of the email message:
This electronic message transmission contains information from the Company that may be proprietary, confidential, and/or privileged. The information is intended only for the use of the individual(s) or entity named above. If you are not the intended recipient, be aware that any unauthorized review, disclosure, copying, distribution, or use of the contents of this information is prohibited. If you have received this electronic transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to the address listed in the "From:" field and destroy all copies of the original message.
Website Content Accuracy Disclosure
All product and service information published on our Websites is provided "as is" without warranty or guarantee of any kind, either expressed or implied, including but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose.
We do not assume responsibility for errors or omissions on our Websites with regard to product specifications, service information and/or general company information. You should not rely solely on product- or service-related information published on this or any other Grasshopper Website.
We reserve the right to change, modify or remove the products and services described on our Websites or other affiliated websites at any time and without notice or prior consent.
For official and complete specifications and service information, click here to request a product information packet. Requests can also be made by email, by telephone at +1 620-345-8621 or by US Mail to:
Product Information Request
The Grasshopper Company
P.O. Box 637
Moundridge, KS 67107
Advantages
Menu
Built Tough
Unmatched Comfort
Quality of Cut
Implements
Low Maintenance
OEM Parts
Diesel Done Right
A Responsible Alternative
Maximum Power
Lower Operating Costs
Diesel vs. LPG/CNG
True Cost of Ownership
Diesel FAQs
Diesel Stories
Fuel Calculator
Products
Menu
MidMount™
Products
True Zeroturn™ MidMount™ Mowers
100V Series
MidMount™
100V Series Overview
Model 124V
Model 125V
Model 126V
200V Series
MidMount™
200V Series Overview
Model 225V-G4
Model 226V-G4
200 Series
MidMount™
200 Series Overview
Model 225
300 Series
MidMount™
300 Series Overview
Model 329B
Model 335B
Model 329
Model 325D
300G Series
MidMount™
300G Series Overview
Model 328G4 EFI
Model 329G4 EFI
Model 333G5 EFI
Model 337G5 EFI
400 Series
MidMount™
400 Series Overview
Model 400D 1.3L
MidMount™ Mower Decks
Powervac™ Collection
MidMount™ Implements
View All Grasshopper Models
FrontMount™
Products
True Zeroturn™ FrontMount™ Mowers
500V Series
FrontMount™
500V Series Overview
Model 524V-42
Model 526V-52
600 Series
FrontMount™
600 Series Overview
Model 623T
700 Series
FrontMount™
700 Series Overview
Model 725KT
Model 727T EFI
Model 729BT
Model 735BT
Model 729T
Model 725DT
900 Series
FrontMount™
900 Series Overview
Model 900D 1.3L
Model 932
Model 937 EFI
FrontMount Mower Decks
Powerfold®
Powervac™ Collection
FrontMount Implements
QuikConverter™ Implement System
Tail Wheel Options
View All Grasshopper Models
Implements
Products
Edge-EZE™ Edger
AERA-vator™ Coreless Aerator
V-Plow
DriftBuster™ Snowthrowers
CleanSweep™ Rotary Brooms
MidMount™ PowerVac™ Collection Systems
FrontMount™ PowerVac™ Collection Systems
Tine-Rake™ Dethatcher
Little Bully™ Dozer Blades
Turbine Blower
Shielded Sprayer
Snow Removal Implements
View All Implements
Gov't/School/Nonprofit
Support
Menu
Questions
Support
General Questions
FAQ
Ask a Technician
Product Safety
Information Requests
Support
General Requests
Replacement Manuals
MSDS Requests
Tips & Resources
Support
Tips & Resources
Maintenance Tips
Mulching Tips
Water Conservation
Winterization Tips
In-Season Maintenance
Spring Maintenance
Shop Tips
Donation Requests
Community
Support
Donation Requests
News/Media
Menu
Company News
User Stories
News/Media
Feature Stories
User Comments
The Hopper
Downloads
Media Resources
Blog
Find a Dealer
Model Chooser
Request Demo
Financing
Videos
Request Literature