http://www.spectrumcontrols.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Spectrum Controls Privacy Policy
Last Updated: September 5th, 2017
Spectrum Controls, Inc. (“Spectrum Controls”) cares about your privacy and your personal information. This Privacy Policy details how information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by Spectrum Controls, and applies to information we collect while you use our websites, software and services (including WebPort Connects), or when you interact with us.
In general, you can visit our site without divulging any personal information. To maximize customization functions and provide a better user experience, however, there are areas of this site that require this information. In some instances, users who choose not to reveal personal information may not have access to such areas, or may have limited access.
What Information may be Collected
Personal Information (Voluntary)
Spectrum Controls may request personal information from you, including your name, job title, e-mail address, company name, company address and telephone number. Your response to these inquiries is strictly voluntary.
Network and Domain Information (Automatic)
Spectrum Controls also collects domain and network information as part of its analysis of the use of this site. This data enables us to become more familiar with which customers visit our site, how often they visit, and what parts of the site they visit most often. Spectrum Controls uses this information to improve its web-based offerings. This information is collected automatically and requires no action on your part.
How Information may be Collected
Use of Cookies
In addition to your voluntary disclosure of personal information discussed above, some pages on this site use "cookies," which are small files that the site places on your hard drive for identification purposes.
Your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. By not accepting cookies, some pages may not fully function and you may not be able to access certain information on this site. If you would like more information about the use of cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html .
Use of Server Logs
As discussed above, Spectrum Controls collects network and domain information, such as IP addresses, along with date and time stamps that are logged and associated with each individual user. Spectrum Controls may retain server logs which include the IP address, date, and time of every request to Spectrum Control’s server.
Use of Information
Spectrum uses information we collect or that you provide for a variety of business purposes meant to enhance your customer experience, including to:
• Customize your experience on our website;• Create an account;• Send you a quarterly newsletter;• Update you on new products or services;• Assist you in order processing;• Analyze trends and monitor usage of our website and the services you use• Process Return Material Authorizations;• Fulfill orders and reply to any comments or requests, as well as provide support for you and your customer service needs;• Protect the security of our website and your experience;• Any other current or future use that the collected or provided data supports or allows.
Files that contain your personal information are stored internally on our servers and externally with third party service providers located in the United States.
Sharing of Information
Disclosure
There may be circumstances in which Spectrum Controls may make personal information available to various third parties. Some examples of third parties that Spectrum Controls may share your information will include, but are not limited to:
·         Spectrum business partners and authorized distributors, who may alert you about new products and services to improve your competitive edge. If you receive unwanted marketing materials from any of our business partners, please let them know that you wish to be removed from their contact list;
·         With consultants or other service providers who must access certain information to carry out work on Spectrum Controls behalf;
·         To deliver advertisements and provide analytical services;
·         If we are concerned that your actions are not in the best interest of Spectrum Controls, other customers, or the security of our website and services; and
·         In support of a court ordered request, or to otherwise assist in legal proceedings;
We may also share anonymized aggregated data, that does not contain enough information to identify any individual user or business.
Personal information may also be transferred to a party acquiring all or some of Spectrum Controls, such as in the event of a merger, sale, or transfer of company assets.
Consent and Opt-Out Provisions
By providing personal information to Spectrum Controls, you consent to the collection and uses of that information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
To opt out of having your information shared with third parties please email privacy@spectrumcontrols.com.
To learn more about how companies use your information to serve advertisements or to opt out of automated web browsing tracking technologies please visit Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out mechanism and Google Ads Settings.
Security
We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information from accidental or malicious disclosure. Since the internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, Spectrum Controls cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal information you provide to us.
In addition, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and for restricting access to your computer or any device through which you access your account or this site. If you disclose your account information or share your account/devices with other people, you take full responsibility for their actions and for all potential security issues arising therefrom.
Updates and Modifications
Spectrum Controls may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. You agree to visit this Privacy Policy periodically to be aware of and review such revisions. If material changes to this Privacy Policy are made, we may notify you by other means prior to the changes effect (such as sending an email to the address associated with your account, or by posting a notification on our homepage), but this in no way relieves you of your obligation to periodically visit and review this Policy. Any use of the website after such revisions are in effect will be an acceptance of the revisions.
International Users
For users residing in Switzerland, the European Union, or the European Economic Area, please refer to the Privacy Policy Addendum for additional provisions.
Contact Spectrum Controls
Should you need clarification regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact Spectrum Controls at privacy@spectrumcontrols.com .
Effective Date
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 5th, 2017.
×
Subscribe to our newsletter