https://www.lightwellinc.com/privacy-policy/
Blog
Support
Careers
Contact Us
Lightwell Privacy and
Cookie Policy
> Privacy and Cookie Policy
Lightwell is committed to safeguarding your privacy
We’re committed to protecting the privacy of information and data that may be used to identify you (your “personal information”). The intention of this Privacy Notice is to disclose our information-gathering practices and describe how we use your personal information.
We collect information about you to serve you better – whether that is through more relevant and personalized information or providing better services or solutions.  To help make it feasible for us to do so, it is essential that we are able to collect and use the information as described in this Policy. This means that the data collection is largely necessary for fulfilling the relationship we have with you, and where that is not the case, we have a legitimate interest in collecting the information described below.
Contact us if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
By using this site or/and our services, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
Definitions used in this Policy
Data protection principles we follow
What rights do you have regarding your Personal Data
What Personal Data we gather about you
How we use your Personal Data
Who else has access to your Personal Data
How we secure your data
Information about cookies
Contact information
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject – a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.
Child – a natural person under 16 years of age.
We/us (either capitalized or not) – Lightwell Inc., Lightwell (UK) Ltd., and Lightwell (NI) Limited.
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Your Rights
First, you have the right to opt out of our marketing communications. If you do not want to receive promotional or marketing communications from Lightwell, you may opt-out at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the end of our emails. If you choose to unsubscribe, we will by default retain your contact information to ensure that we do not contact you again.
If you are located in the European Union, you may have the following legal rights under European Union law:
To withdraw consent at any time, if we are processing your personal information on the basis of consent
To access the personal information Lightwell has about you
To request that Lightwell rectifies or erases your personal information
To request that Lightwell restricts the way it uses your personal information
To obtain the Personal Data Lightwell has for you in a machine-readable format
To object to the way Lightwell uses your personal information
To ask Lightwell to transfer your personal information to someone else
To lodge a complaint with a data protection agency in the European Union
To get the help of supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
To request to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact information provided below. Lightwell’s ability or obligation to comply with your requests may be limited by applicable law.
Data we Gather
We collect personal information from you if you use our website, complete forms on our website, or use any of our web-based products or services. We collect the following types of information.
Information with which you have provided us
This might be your e-mail address, name, title, company name – mainly information that is necessary for delivering you information, content, support, or a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. This might be through a form on our website, email subscription, a webinar registration, a resume you submitted to us, a request sent via LinkedIn, a response to surveys or polls, or other similar means where you have shared your information with us.  We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes, for example, your name and e-mail address.
Information automatically collected about you
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example your IP address and page views. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
Information from our partners
We also may receive personal information about you from one of our business partners that we have a contractual relationship with (for example, if your employer has hired us to provide training to you, your employer will provide us with information about you that we need in order to provide that training).
Furthermore, we may gather information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us.
When we get information from a third party, such as your employer, we typically receive limited contact information, and we collect the rest of the personal information directly from you when you interact with us or our web-based materials.
Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
Contact details, such as name, title, company name, email address, phone number, and location
Your email subscription preferences
Details about your interest in our products and services
Information about the work that you do, such as the industry you work in, your roles and responsibilities
Employment-related information (if you choose to submit an employment application)
Information from publicly available profiles, such as on LinkedIn, in connection with our marketing activities or hiring practices
Responses to surveys, polls, or assessments
Information collected automatically from our website visitors, such as your IP address, browser type, language, operating system, the date and time you accessed our website, and the link from which you accessed our website.
How We Use Your Personal Information
The personal information that we collect is used to perform our contractual obligations and for our other legitimate interests. In some cases, we may ask you for your consent to use your personal information. Specifically, we use your personal information for the following purposes:
To deliver services, support, products, or transactions that you have requested
To perform under our contracts with our business partners, such as providing training to the employees of our corporate customers, and otherwise facilitating our business arrangements
To improve our website, including upgrading security measures
To send you promotional materials or communications regarding our content and services, or information from Lightwell partners, that we feel may be of interest to you
To evaluate the products and services that we offer and develop new or improved products or services
To conduct general research on topics of interests to Lightwell and its customers
For educational purposes, such as polls conducted in webinars
To consider you for employment (if you’ve submitted an employment application via our job postings or portals)
How We Share Your Personal Information
We may share your information for any of these purposes with the following individuals and entities:
Lightwell business partners who help to fulfill products or services that are requested or purchased
Vendors engaged by Lightwell to provide certain services on behalf of Lightwell, such as marketing services, content management/data storage, payment processing, and survey services.
Lightwell will never sell, rent, or disclose your personal information to third-party entities except as described in this Privacy Notice.
How we use Your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our services and/or solutions to you. This includes, for example: providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with promotional items at your request, and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
enhance your customer experience;
fulfill an obligation under law or contract
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you;
to provide you a service or to send or offer you a product or service;
to communicate either for sales, support, services, or invoicing
to provide information about products or services that may be valuable to you
to share news, content of interest, industry research and other educational material that we believe aligns with your interests or needs
On the ground of legitimate interest, we process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you personalized offers* (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
to administer and analyze our client base (purchasing behavior and history) in order to improve the quality, variety, and availability of products/ services offered/provided;
to conduct questionnaires concerning client satisfaction;
to provide information about products or services that may be valuable to you
to share news, content of interest, industry research, and other educational material that we believe aligns with your interests or needs
As long as you have not informed us otherwise, we consider offering you products/services that are similar or same to your purchasing history/browsing behavior to be our legitimate interest.
With your consent we process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you email, content and campaign offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
for other purposes we have asked your consent for;
to share information we believe would be helpful to you, based on your prior interests or roles.
to share news, content of interest, industry research, and other educational material that we believe aligns with your interests or needs
We process your Personal Data in order to fulfill obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymize Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymized. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;
the further Processing would not harm your interests and
there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers. Personal Data about you is in some cases provided to our trusted partners in order to either make providing the service to you possible or to enhance your customer experience. We may share your basic data, as needed, with:
Our processing partners:
Salesforce and Hubspot (our CRM and Marketing tools)
Jira (our customer support tool)
NetSuite (our accounting and ERP system)
Our business partners:
IBM
Arrow Electronics
MuleSoft
We only work with Processing partners who are able to ensure an adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
How we Secure Your Data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe. Lightwell uses a number of security technologies and procedures to ensure your personal information is protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymizing and pseudonymizing where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and work with their parties, such as Hubspot and Salesforce, that employ world-class security measures in their technology.
However, even though we try our best, we cannot guarantee that third parties will not overcome these measures and gain access to your information. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Lightwell disclaims any warranty or guarantee that your information will be protected from misuse, appropriation, alteration, or loss.
However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
Links to External Websites
This website contains links to websites that are not controlled by Lightwell. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content, security, and privacy practices of external sites. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of all websites where you submit personal information.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services.
Cookies and Other Technologies we use
The Lightwell website, like most, uses cookies. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyze visitor and customer behavior, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalize and enhance your experience with us.
Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Only we can access the cookies created by our website.
Browser-level Controls
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most browsers allow you to see your cookies and delete them on an individual basis or block cookies from specific or all websites.You can control your cookies at the browser level. For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, see http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features on our website. If you change your mind after you’ve accepted our cookies, you can clear your browser cookies and change your settings to refuse cookies in the future.
Note: “Do Not Track” is a preference you can set in your web browser to let the websites you visit know that you do not want them collecting information about you. This website does not currently respond to the “Do Not Track” signal. The best way to manage the collection of information is by controlling your cookies and limiting the personal information you submit to our website.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalized features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Cookies We Use
We use the service providers listed below. You may visit the links to learn about their privacy policies and how to opt-out of their cookies.
Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
HubSpot: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/articles/kcs_article/account/hubspot-cookie-security-and-privacy
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
What We Use Cookies For
Collecting information: This means we can learn more about how you use our website so we can improve our services and online experience.
Tailoring your experience: Cookies allow us to provide you with information, products, and services we think you’ll find interesting.
Making our marketing relevant: We can show you relevant offers and promotions on our website and through our advertising networks.
Email: If you receive our email updates, we tailor the information we send you based on the data our cookies have collected from your recent visits to our website. You can opt-out of this in any email we send.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platform such as optout.aboutads.info or youronlinechoices.com. For more information about cookies, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Social Buttons
We use social buttons to enable visitors to share content. These are buttons for third-party social media sites that may log information about your activities on the internet, including your activities on this website. Please refer to the privacy policy of those sites to understand how they use your information and to find out how to opt-out, or delete, what they collect.
Email Communications
We may also use cookies to determine if you have opened or clicked on email communications we send. If you do not wish to have your email engagement tracked, you must unsubscribe as it is not possible for us to send these emails without tracking enabled. Registered subscribers can update their subscription preferences at any time by contacting us using the contact information below, or you can unsubscribe by following the instructions in the emails you receive from us.
Data Retention
Lightwell retains personal information for as long as we have a legitimate business relationship with you or with an organization with which you are affiliated (such as your employer). We may also retain personal information about prospective customers or prospective employees until we determine that it is unlikely that we will provide you with services , solutions and/or employ you. We also may retain your personal information for as long as necessary to comply with our legal or contractual obligations.
Contact Information
Contact us if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you.
Changes to this Privacy and Cookie Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy and Cookie Policy. The last modification was made 18 May 2018.
Connect With Us
If you have questions or would like to learn more, please call us: North America: + 1 (614) 310-2700Or send us a message using the link below. Contact Us
© 2019 Lightwell Inc.