http://www.privi.com/privacy-policy
+91 22 33043500 info@privi.co.in
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for privi.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at +91 (22) (022) 66023600 or via email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Registration
This website offers the option to register a vendor. A user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Copyright © 2019,
Privi Speciality Chemicals Limited
Mobile Menu
Privi World About Privi Our Journey Board of Directors Key Management Privi Guiding Principles Mission Vision Value Corporate Structure Group Companies Aroma Chemicals Fragrances Our Essence
Our Products Upcoming Products Production Capability Infrastructure Safety Quality R&D Certifications Investor Relations Corporate Governance
Company Policies Investor Contact Reports
Financial Statements - PSCL & Subsidiaries Annual Report - PSCL & Subsidiaries Statutory Communication
Disclosures under SEBI Regulations Notice Outcome of Board Meeting/Gm Postal Ballot Newspaper Publications Composite Scheme Of Arrangement And Amalgamations Shareholding Pattern Investor Presentations Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) Sustainability Water Energy Environment Conservation CSR
×
Application Form
First Name
Last Name
Email
Mobile
Applying for
Current Location
Total Exp.
- Select -
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
More than 30
Brief Description
Clear
Close
Submit
×
Request a callback
Full Name :
Company Name
Mobile Number
Description
Submit
|
Reset
×
Please note our contact numbers have changed.
Our New Numbers : +91 22 33043500 and +91 22 33043600