https://www.sennchem.com/legal-disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions for the use of Senn Chemical AG’s WebsiteThe accessing, browsing and use of this website (the “Site”) is subject to the following terms, conditions and applicable law. Your access to and browsing of this Site constitutes your agreement without limitation to all such terms, conditions and applicable law. In the event you do not agree to these terms, conditions and applicable law, you may not use this Site. Therefore, please read the following terms and conditions carefully prior to using this Site. We herewith draw your attention to the fact that Senn Chemicals AG (“Senn”) may at any time and without notice revise or terminate these Terms and Conditions for any reason. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Condition.
Non-Commercial and Personal Use Only
This Site is protected by copyrights, unless expressly stated otherwise. Therefore, you may download, copy electronically, print or display information contained on this Site for non-commercial and personal use only. Any distribution, modification, transmission or use of the content of this Site (including images, text, graphics, video etc.) for public or commercial purposes is explicitly prohibited. Exceptions require the prior written permission of Senn. However, Senn does not warrant or represent that your use of any information contained on this Site will not infringe rights of a third party.
Copyrights, Trademarks and other Property Rights
The copyrights, trademarks, patents, proprietary information, products or other property rights contained or referenced on this Site (collectively the “Rights”) are the property of Senn or other respective owners that have granted Senn the right and license to use such Rights. No license to or right in any of the Rights is granted to or conferred upon you.
Linking and Framing
Links to this Site are only permitted to the home page. Deep-linking is not permitted. In addition, hot-linking, in-line linking, framing of this Site or any other method of incorporating parts of this Site in your site or the site of a third party is equally prohibited. Any exceptions require the prior written permission of Senn.
Links to Third-Party Sites
As a service to our visitors, this Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties (the "Third-Party Sites"). Senn has no control over these Third-Party Sites. Your linking to these Third-Party Sites is at your own risk and you understand that the legal statement and privacy policy of the linked site will apply. You acknowledge that Senn does not endorse nor review any Third-Party Sites. Links do not imply that Senn sponsors, is affiliated or associated with, or has been legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, service mark, design, logo, symbol or other copyrighted materials displayedon or accessible through such Third-Party Sites. Senn has no responsibility or liability of any kind for these linked Third-Party Sites.
User Chat Rooms / User Participation
Even though Senn may monitor or review from time to time any chat rooms, bulletin boards or similar areas on this Site as well as the content of any such communications, Senn is under no obligation to do so. Senn does not assume any responsibility or liability related to the content of any such communication areas, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, trademarks, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. You are expressly prohibited from transmitting of posting any unlawful, libellous, threatening, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that would violate the law. Senn will fully cooperate with any court order or law enforcement authorities requesting Senn to disclose the identity of any person transmitting or posting such material. In addition, Senn reserves the right to, but is not obliged to do so, remove or block any communications or materials that it deems to be (i) abusive, obscene, deceptive, misleading, offensive or defamatory, (ii) in violation of any intellectual property right, such as copyrights or trademark, (iii) in violation of any law or regulation, or (iv) otherwise unacceptable to Senn at its sole discretion.
No Confidential Treatment of User Submission
Unless subject to the clause entitled “Privacy Policy” hereinafter, any communication and material you transmit to this Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including, but not limited to, any data, comments, questions, suggestions or the like will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Senn has the right to use anything you transmit or post for any purpose, including, but not limited to, transmission, publication, disclosure, reproduction and posting. Moreover, Senn is free to use any information, concepts, ideas, know-how or the like contained in any material or communication you send to this Site for any purpose whatsoever, such as developing, manufacturing, promoting and marketing Senn’s products using such information and you herewith waive all your rights in relation to such transmitted communications and materials.
Privacy Policy1
The term “personal data” as used in this clause refers to information such as your name, birth date, e-mail or mailing address that can be used to identify you. Some of the services provided on this Site may require registration. When registering with us, you may need to complete certain fields (some are required and some are optional). This registration tells us who you are. In the event you chose to withhold certain personal data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to access certain parts of this Site and for us to respond to your query. Senn will not process your personal data without your consent. Senn only processes personal data for specific and limited purposes, which we inform you about when asking for your personal data. In processing your personal data, we will fully comply with internationally recognized standards of data protection. In doing so, we ensure compliance of our staff with strict standards of security and confidentiality. Senn will not make your personal data accessible to any third party. However, personal data may occasionally be transferred to a third party who actsfor or on behalf of Senn, or in connection with Senn’s business, for further processing in accordance with the purpose for which the personal data was originally collected. Senn will, wherever possible, endeavour to ensure that the obligation of non-disclosure and the intended use of the personal data are clearly indicated. Such third parties may operate different privacy policies. However, we endeavour to ensure that such third parties provide the same level of protection as Senn and, where appropriate, we will contractually require them to process personal data transferred only for the purpose expressly authorized by Senn. Nevertheless, it is expressly understood that we will not share any personal data about you that is sensitive (e.g. medical information) with third parties without your prior and explicit consent. You may always revoke your consent at a later time. If you revoke your consent, Senn may not be able to carry out certain requests made by you. However, Senn will, where practicable, inform third parties to whom your personal data has been transferred of your withdrawal of consent. (1 See also Senn’s Privacy Policy.) We endeavour to ensure that your personal data is up-to-date, accurate and complete. You have the right to access and update your personal data or to require the deletion thereof. If you wish to access, correct or delete your personal data held by us, please contact our webmaster. Your request will be dealt with in a prompt and accurate manner and at no cost to you. Requests to delete personal data will be subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document filing or retention obligations to which Senn must abide. In all other events, personal data will only be kept by Senn as long as is reasonably required for the processing of the purpose for which the personal data was collected and in accordance with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or documentation retention requirements. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Site to the exclusion of Third-Party Sites.
Technical Inaccuracies, Typographical Errors and Change
This Site may contain technical inaccuracies and typographical errors. Senn reserves the right to alter, correct and/or improve any information contained on this Site as well as any products described on this Site at any time without notice.
Disclaimer
Even though Senn endeavours to provide accurate and up to date information on this Site, you acknowledge that this Site is made available “AS IS”. Senn makes no warranties or representations, whether express or implied, of any kind with respect to the content of this Site (including, without limitation, text, graphics and links). Moreover, Senn accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever arising from or in any way connected with your use of this Site or its content. Senn will not be liable for the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, comprehensiveness, usefulness, reliability or timeliness of the content of this Site. Senn does not represent or warrant, whether express or implied, that the functions contained in this Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this Site or the Server that makes this Site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Senn reserves the right to interrupt or discontinue any or all of the functionalities of this Site. Senn assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any interruption or discontinuance of any or all of the functionalities of this Site, whether the result of action or omission of Senn or a third party. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Applicable Law and Venue
Your use of this Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of Switzerland without regard to choice of law provisions. You agree that disputes and legal proceedings directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Site shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts of the Canton Zurich, Switzerland, whereby the right of appeal to the Swiss Federal Court in Lausanne, Switzerland, remains unimpaired.© Copyright 2015 by Senn Chemicals AG, Guido Senn-Strasse 1, CH-8157 Dielsdorf, +41 43 422 24 00
General Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Legal Disclaimer
Copyright © 2020 by Senn Chemicals | All rights reserved
Headquarters
Senn Chemicals AG | Guido Senn-Strasse 1 | CH-8157 Dielsdorf
Phone: +41 43 422 24 00 | sales@sennchem.com