https://www.melissaanddoug.com/terms.html
Skip to content
Skip to search
Skip to footer navigation
Close
Carrier Delays - Order Now!
Please note that we are experiencing longer than anticipated delivery timing due to Covid-19 and delays with our carrier partners. We’re working extra hard to get your play on its way as soon as possible.
Sitewide Savings
Save 25% off sitewide!
use code: LASTCHANCE
Details
Enjoy 25% off sitewide! Code LASTCHANCE must be entered at checkout for the discount to apply. Offer valid through 12/11/20 or while supplies last. No rain checks. Only at MelissaAndDoug.com. Promo codes cannot be stacked. Excludes All Outlet and Furniture products. Deal of the day item is excluded; Gentle Jumbos - Dinosaur (30417).
Power of Play
The American Academy of Pediatrics and Melissa & Doug have joined forces to champion the health benefits of open-ended play!
learn more
Details
The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) has chosen Melissa & Doug, the toy company known for its 30-year commitment to open-ended play, to work together in a nationwide, multi-year undertaking. The alliance, called the “Power of Play,” will support parents and caregivers in helping children build important life skills through play, manage screen time, and connect with others on a deeper level.
Ready to play?
Free shipping on orders $49+
Shop What's New
Details
Everyone loves a great free shipping deal! Just fill your cart with at least $49 of fun (so easy!), make sure you’re not shipping your order to Alaska, Hawaii, or other non-contiguous U.S locations, and bask in the satisfaction of scoring free shipping! Please note, free shipping is applied to the order subtotal after discounts (and before oversized item fees, shipping fees and taxes). Please note that certain very large or very heavy items are subject to an Oversized Item fee of $10.50 (or $16.00 for a handful of SUPER oversized items),
#1 Parent-Recommended Brand for
Creativity & Learning
Trusted by more than 60 million moms and dads around the world, our award-winning toys are designed to spark imagination and wonder!
Time to Play
Check out the eye-opening insights on children and play revealed by our study with Gallup!
learn more
Terms of Use
Please carefully read the following Terms of Use before using the MelissaAndDoug.com website (the "Site"). By accessing the MelissaAndDoug.com website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use may be updated from time to time. Accordingly, you should check the date of the Terms of Use (which appears at the top of this document) and review any changes since the last version. If at any time you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Site.
Transactions
We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order, or any portion thereof, even after your receipt of an order confirmation. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity of items purchased and/or to prohibit sales to dealers. In the event that a product is listed at an incorrect price, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we will promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Copyright
All content included in the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video, and software, is the property of Melissa & Doug, LLC and MelissaAndDoug.com or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the Site is the exclusive property of Melissa & Doug, LLC and MelissaAndDoug.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on the Site is the property of Melissa & Doug, LLC andMelissaAndDoug.com or its software suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of the Site for the sole purpose of placing an order on the Site or using the Site as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of the Site is strictly prohibited.
By submitting copy/text for personalization, the customer represents that the use thereof by the factory on the items ordered will not violate any laws, and Melissa & Doug hereby disclaims any liability for compliance with such laws in the use of the customer’s copy or material.
Trademarks
All trademarks, logos, service marks and trade names are proprietary to Melissa & Doug, LLC, MelissaAndDoug.com, or other respective owners that have granted the Site the right and license to use such intellectual property.
Disclaimer
The information, services, products offered for sale and materials contained in and/or advertised on the Site, including, without limitation, text, graphics and links, are provided on an "As Is" basis with no warranty. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, Melissa & Doug, LLC, MelissaAndDoug.com AND ITS SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO SUCH INFORMATION, SERVICES, PRODUCTS AND MATERIALS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, FREEDOM FROM COMPUTER VIRUS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE. In addition, Melissa & Doug, LLC, MelissaAndDoug.com and its suppliers do not represent or warrant that the information accessible via the Site is accurate, complete or current. We are not responsible for typographical errors. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice.
Product Information
Most products displayed on the Site are available at MelissaAndDoug.com and at retail stores in the United States while supplies last. In some cases, merchandise displayed for sale on the Site may not be available in stores and vice versa. The prices displayed on the Site are quoted in U.S. dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States. All prices, pictures and descriptions on this site are subject to change. We maintain no responsibility for inadvertent errors. Please contact us within 30 days regarding price or promotion discrepancies. When you place your order with us, you agree to the price and terms indicated on our website. Price differences related to future or past prices in our store or any other store's prices are not refundable. The particular technical specifications and settings of your computer or device and its display could affect the accuracy of its display of the colors of products offered on the Site.
Links to Other Websites & Services
This Site may contain links to Web sites other than our own. Melissa & Doug, LLC and MelissaAndDoug.com do not assume any responsibility for those sites and provides those links solely for the convenience of our visitors.
Melissa & Doug, LLC and MelissaAndDoug.com do not control the content of these sites and takes no responsibility for their content, nor should it be implied that Melissa & Doug, LLC and MelissaAndDoug.com endorses or otherwise recommends such sites or the products or services offered.
Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL MELISSA & DOUG, LLC, MELISSAANDDOUG.COM OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED ENTITIES OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF MELISSA & DOUG, LLC AND MELISSAANDDOUG.COM HAVE BEEN PREVIOUSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION, UNDER CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, INABILITY TO USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION, SERVICES, PRODUCTS AND MATERIALS AVAILABLE FROM THE SITE. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose or the existence of any limited remedy. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty lasts, or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limits of Responsibility
We accept no responsibility for user initiated damage and/or loss of parts incurred during operation or use of product.
Applicable Law
The laws of the State of Connecticut will govern these Terms of Use without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law.
NOTE: The Terms and Conditions below are intended for users who submit content to us that we are interested in using.
Terms and Conditions
#CountlessWaysToPlay; #TakeBackChildhood; #MelissaAndDoug
Thank you for sharing your images that inspire play! You have given us permission to post on our Countless Ways to Play Gallery your photos, your handle and the caption that you’ve placed on your photo (“User Generated Content”, or “UGC”). By sharing your UGC, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions, the Terms of Use for our website (above) and our Privacy Policy (MelissaAndDoug.com/privacy-policy).
You own the content you share. By sharing your UGC with us, you do not grant any ownership rights in the UGC, and you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in the UGC that you share, including all copyright. You also represent and warrant that the sharing and publication of your UGC does not violate the rights of any other person, including intellectual property rights.
You have the right to share your UGC. By sharing your UGC, you represent and warrant that you are over 18 and that you are the parent or legal guardian of each child shown in the photos you submit. You also represent and warrant that any adult who appears in your photos is yourself.
You grant us a License to use your UGC. By sharing your UGC, you are granting to Melissa & Doug, LLC, and its successors and assigns, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up license to use your UGC, including all copyright, in all forms and media. This means that we have the right to copy, display, publish, modify and store your UCG anywhere and through any means, and that our right will not expire. This also means that you will not receive any money as compensation for granting these rights.
How we will use your UGC. We have no obligation to use any of the UGC that you share, and we reserve the right to select in our sole discretion which images will be published. The UGC submitted to us may be used on our website and on our social media pages. We also may publish this information in our catalogs, e-mail marketing, point of sale store materials, and in other promotional and marketing materials.
Waiver. By sharing your UGC, you release Melissa & Doug, LLC, from any and all liability resulting from our use of the UGC.
Non-Confidentiality. By sharing your UGC with us, it will be available to the public. Please use caution when deciding what personal information to disclose. If you wish to remove you UGC from our site, simply send us an e-mail at care@MelissaAndDoug.com, or call us at 1-800-718-5365. Even if we remove your UGC, your waiver of rights will continue to apply to all UCG that we have already used.
Copyright Infringement. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (“DMCA”) provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under the U.S. copyright law. If you believe that any content posted in our Take Back Childhood Gallery is an infringement of your copyright, you may ask us to take down that content by sending us a DMCA Notice. If you believe that a DMCA Notice was been wrongly filed against you, you may send us a Counter-Notice. Notices and Counter-Notices must meet the DMCA requirements and we suggest that you obtain legal advice before sending us a Notice or Counter-Notice. Please note that we will decline to accept UGC from users who we believe to be repeat infringers, and there could be substantial penalties for making false claims. Notices and Counter-Notices can be sent to us by either of the following methods:
By e-mail: care@MelissaAndDoug.com
By U.S. Mail or courier:
Melissa & DougP.O. Box 590Westport, CT 06881
Last modified: September 19, 2016
About Us
Meet Melissa and Doug
Meet Our CEO Fernando Mercé
Careers
Our Mission
Our History
Press Room
For Parents
Power of Play
Our Blog
Stuck Inside Guide
Free Play Tips
Thoughts on Play
Partner With Us
Become a Retailer
Become an Affiliate
Find toys by Age
0-12 Months
12-24 Months
2-3 Years
3-4 Years
5-7 Years
8 Years and up
Need Help?
Help Center
Shipping Policy
Returns & Exchanges
Product Registration
Replacement Parts
More
Current Promotions
Safety
California Transparency in
Supply Chains Act
International Shipping
Contact us. We want to hear from you!
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
If you are using a screen reader and having problems using our website, please call1-800-718-5365 between the hours of 9:00 A.M. and 5:00 P.M. Eastern Standard time for assistance.
© 2020 Melissa & Doug Terms
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Statement
Site Map
We use cookies to enhance your experience and improve the quality of our site. To find more or to learn how you can adjust your cookies settings,
click here.
I accept the
Privacy Policy
and
Terms of Use