https://www.synthon.com/information/privacy-and-cookie-statement
Privacy and Cookie Statement
Synthon International Holding B.V. (“Synthon” or “we”) is responsible for the processing of personal data collected through the www.synthon.com website (the “Site”).
Synthon International Holding B.V.
Microweg 22
6545 CM Nijmegen
the Netherlands
T (+31) 24 372 77 00
Dutch version
Information we may collect
Synthon processes personal data in a reliable and secure way, in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation.
Information on the Site may be collected in two ways: directly (e.g. when you provide information directly to us) and indirectly (e.g. through our Site's technology). This is further explained below.
We may collect information that you voluntarily submit to Synthon. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it. The following categories of personal data may be collected: name, contact details and other information that you may submit through this Site.
In case Synthon uses third parties for the processing of personal data, these parties have guaranteed that they have implemented the appropriate technical and organizational measures to meet the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation.
The Site is directed towards adults; Synthon does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16.
One example of information we collect indirectly is information collected through our Internet access logs. When you access the Site, your internet address is automatically collected and is placed in our internet access logs.
Cookies
Synthon also collects information through the use of cookies and similar tools across the Site to improve its performance and enhance the user experience.
Cookies are small text files which a website may put on your computer or mobile device when you first visit a website or page. The cookie will help the website to recognize your device the next time you visit. Web beacons or other similar files can also do the same thing. We use the term "cookies" in this statement to refer to all files that collect information in this way.
Cookies serve many functions. For example, they can help remember your preferences or analyze how well the website is performing. The cookies used on the Site do not collect information that identifies you personally, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use the Site, or a user’s general location. Synthon uses the following cookies on the Site:
Essential cookies, which are essential for the operation of the Site.
Performance cookies, to monitor website performance and analyze how our visitors use the Site. This allows Synthon to optimize your web experience and quickly identify and fix any issues that arise. For example, Synthon might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are most popular, which method of linking between pages is most effective and to determine why some pages are receiving error messages. Synthon uses Google Analytics for these analytical activities. The information obtained, including the IP address of your computer, will be transferred to and stored by Google on servers in various countries, including but not limited to the United States. Google uses this information to analyze the use of the Site and report this to Synthon. Google may disclose this information to third parties when under legal obligation to do so, or when third parties process the information on behalf of Google. Synthon is not able to influence this.
Social media buttons. The Site includes buttons to promote or share pages to social networks Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. These buttons are established by code that is supplied by these social networks. These codes also place a cookie. Please regularly check the privacy statements of the relevant social networks to read more about their use of your personal details when processing this code.
Use of personal data
We use your personal data only to answer any of your requests for information or to improve our service to you. We analyze the data which is collected indirectly to determine what is most effective about the Site, to help Synthon identify ways to improve it, and eventually, to determine how we can tailor the Site to make it more effective. We may also use data for other purposes, which we would describe to you at the point we collect the information.
Confidentiality
Your personal data will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned or otherwise disclosed.
Sensitive personal data
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through the Site. If we do seek to collect such data, we will ask you to consent to our proposed uses of the data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. By providing Synthon with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law as described in this Privacy and Cookie Statement. The references to "sensitive personal data" are to the various categories of personal data identified by European and other data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. These categories comprise personal identity numbers, personal data about religion or other beliefs, race, political opinions, health, sexual life, membership of a trade union, criminal records or personal data relating to illegal or abusive conduct relating to any imposed injunction relating to such conduct.
Security and retention period
The transfer, storage and processing of personal data collected through the Site is secured by means of current, usual technical measures. In general, Synthon will not retain the personal data obtained through the Site for a period longer than is necessary for achieving the purposes for which they were collected, or as long as the law prescribes.
Access to your information
Based on this Privacy and Cookie Statement, you are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and, if we do, to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate. You also have the right to have your personal data erased or blocked if any of the processing of it is in violation with the applicable privacy legislation.
In case you want to exercise this right, please send a request to Synthon’s privacy officer at dataprivacy[at]synthon.com.
contact us
go to Privacy notice clinical trials
go to Privacy notice Adverse events
go to Privacy notice Medical devices