https://www.marfield.com/policy/
Skip to content
Company Policy
Home/Company Policy
Company PolicyTiffany Waggoner2019-02-05T08:21:23-06:00
Guarantee & Returns
Easy Ordering.
Quick Delivery.
Guaranteed Quality.
Brand Integrity.
Superior Service.
Lasting Impressions.
Your complete satisfaction is our priority. If you are dissatisfied with the quality of our product, you will receive equal replacement or full credit. All return authorizations must be requested through our Customer Service department within 60 days of receipt of product shipment. If your order/shipment is returned to us due to a false address or error in address when the order is placed, there is a $10.00 fee plus the cost of the shipment to re-ship to the customer. Contact us Toll Free 1-877-245-9122 or via email service@marfield.com.
Company PoliciesRush ServiceTranslation PolicySystem RequirementsPrivacy PolicyEnvironmental PolicyGraphic DesignRush ServiceRush Policy 2019Translation Policy
Braille Translation: $125.00
Foreign Language Translation and Typesetting Services: $175.00
Foreign Language Typesetting Services ONLY*: $150.00
*Translation provided by customer needs to be typed for print capability*
Spanish Language: $120.00
Languages Available:
Afrikaans
Farsi
Norwegian
Albanian
Finnish
Persian
Arabic
French
Polish
Armenian
Georgian
Portuguese – Brazilian
Assyrian
German
Portuguese – European
Azerbaijani
Greek
Portuguese – European
Bosnian
Hebrew
Romanian
Bulgarian
Hindi
Russian
Burmese
Hmong
Serbian
Cambodian
Hungarian
Serbo-Croat
Catalan
Indonesian
Slovak
Chechen
Irish
Slovenian
Chinese – Simplified
Italian
Swedish
Chinese – Traditional
Japanese
Tamil
Croatian
Korean
Thai
Czech
Kurdish
Turkish
Danish
Latin
Ukrainian
Dari
Latvian
Urdu
Dutch
Lithuanian
Vietnamese
Estonian
Malay
Other languages may be available, please call for rate and availability.
Allow 2-7 business days for this service.
Printing production time is additional.
Call for rush services and fees.
Disclaimer: Marfield uses qualified, reliable sub-contractors for these services. Marfield cannot guarantee the accuracy of the translation as many dialects and “slangs” exist in each language and only the actual translator or typesetter makes this distinction. Our experience is that many English words translate into multiple meanings, across the language barriers and the translators can only use the interpretation they determine to be accurate based on the information provided. Marfield recommends that our customers utilize all resources available to them for verifying that the proofs that we provide are accurately translated and typeset.
Revised February 2019
System Requirements
We periodically update our private-branded online stationery store web servers’ security certificates based on new SSL standards. The purpose is to ensure a secure and smooth shopping experience for our customers, whether they pay via credit card, P-Card, site/department account or purchase order.
Supported Browsers
Always use the current version of the browsers below and enable the latest security updates to make sure that our web pages display quickly.
Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Apple Safari
Microsoft Edge
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Security Updates
The latest browsers usually install security updates automatically. However, some browsers do not enable the latest security protocols by default. In Internet Explorer’s Internet Options, you can use the Advanced tab, and scroll down to enable the TLS 1.1 and TLS 1.2 checkboxes.
If you need assistance, contact your helpdesk or service@marfield.com
Authorize.Net Verified Merchant
Since 1996, Authorize.Net has been a leading provider of payment gateway services, managing the submission of billions of transactions to the processing networks on behalf of merchant customers.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Marfield, we have a few fundamental principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our sites, stores, and printed products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
If you have questions about deleting or correcting your personal data please contact our customer service team. Marfield Inc. (“Marfield”) operates several websites including marfield.com, marfield.net, and online-stationery-store.com. It is Marfield’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Marfield collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Marfield’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Marfield’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Marfield may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Marfield also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in shoppers and for users leaving comments on Marfield.com blogs. Marfield only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Marfield’s websites choose to interact with Marfield in ways that require Marfield to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Marfield gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a shopping account at online-stationery-store.com to provide an email address. Those who engage in transactions with Marfield – by purchasing stationery products, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the contact information, shipping address, personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Marfield collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Marfield. Marfield does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Marfield may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Marfield may monitor the most popular products on the marfield.net or online-stationery-store.com site. Marfield may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Marfield does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Marfield discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Marfield’s behalf or to provide services available at Marfield’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Marfield’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Marfield will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Marfield discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Marfield believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Marfield, third parties or the public at large.
If you have registered with Marfield’s website or have supplied your email address in a contact form, you have opted into our email marketing and will occasionally receive emails telling you about new features, recent blog posts, inform you of promotions, solicit your feedback, or keep you up to date with what’s going on with Marfield and our products. Marfield maintains two mailing list, General Information and the Marfield Guide-Blog Post. You are able to unsubscribe from one or all of our mailing list, and we will permanently remove you from all email marketing until told otherwise. If you send a request (for example via a support email or one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish the information to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Marfield takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
If you are a registered user of a Marfield website and have supplied your email address, Marfield may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Marfield and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Marfield takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Marfield uses cookies to help Marfield identify and track visitors, their usage of Marfield website, and their website access preferences. Marfield visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Marfield’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Marfield’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Marfield, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Marfield goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Marfield may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Marfield and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Content Submissions
Identity information, graphics, comments, feedback, and other content submitted to our store, newsletter or blog are subject to be monitored, edited for quality, hidden from view, deleted, or archived to support transactions, operations, and ongoing improvements to Marfield’s services.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Marfield may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Marfield’s sole discretion. Marfield encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have an online-stationery-store.com account, you should also check your store home page for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Changelog:
– January 04, 2019: Updated language in our Protection of Personal Information section to clarify customer email usage.
– September 12, 2016: Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0.
– July 28, 2014: Updated our privacy policy to reflect Automattic’s friendly language available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license.
Environmental Policy
Recycling
Marfield recycles hundreds of pounds of office and press waste as well as cardboard each month.
Raw Materials
We use biodegradable vegetable-oil based offset inks. Many of the papers and substrates that we print on and offer to our clients are made from 10-100% post-consumer waste recycled or FSC certified papers.
Disposal
We do not dispose of any chemicals or cleaning solutions used in our production process through the city sewer system except those approved by the city and state.
Graphic Design
We periodically update our private-branded online stationery store web servers’ security certificates based on new SSL standards. The purpose is to ensure a secure and smooth shopping experience for our customers, whether they pay via credit card, P-Card, site/department account or purchase order.
Terms and Conditions:
At Marfield, Inc. we are proud to say your brand is our business. Because of this, we offer a wide range of graphic design services to respond to our client’s creative needs. The following terms and conditions are designed to protect both the client and Marfield during the design process.
Rights and Ownership
The Client shall be entitled to full ownership of all print ready artwork designated in the initial quotation (requests made after the completion of the project will be the start of a new project, and we will provide a new quote). Unless otherwise specified all images, artwork, text, and graphics are the property of Marfield, Inc. All art, illustrations, designs, and material may not be resold.
We make every effort to produce original artwork. If, however, we create artwork for you which accidentally infringes on any existing trademarked artwork, our liability is limited only to a refund of the paid amount. Marfield, Inc. will do no research checking on the legal availability of the name we are creating designs for. It is the Client’s responsibility to ensure that the name of their product, company or service is not already in use, and it is the Client’s sole responsibility to secure a service mark or trademark to protect the rights to any name or image. We will not be held responsible for any legal action that may result from improper due diligence on the availability of a company name or likeness.
Ownership of the native artwork, having unlimited, indefinite and unrestricted use of the design, is available at an extra fee. Marfield, Inc. retains the right to display the artwork in their corporate portfolios and marketing materials. All concepts furnished to the client are for client review and comment purposes only. Until all project invoices are paid in full by the Client, Marfield, Inc. will retain exclusive copyright and ownership of all design and draft materials, and any use will be deemed an infringement of standing copyright protections. Marfield, Inc. retains ownership of all draft materials not used in the final design.
Client Feedback and Revisions
The Client should be prepared to offer some initial feedback as to how closely the suggested designs meet with their general needs and expectations. All projects include revision rounds (specific amounts) as stated on quotations. Should extra revision rounds be required, a separate quote will be supplied accordingly. Though the price at the beginning of the contract is based on the length of time that Marfield, Inc. estimates they’ll need to accomplish everything as requested to be achieved, additional estimates can be asked for any further work or changes to be implemented. The Client must assume that, after sign-off, all additions, alterations, changes in content, layout or process changes requested by The Client, will alter the time and cost — all revisions to be supplied ONLY in written format.
File Formats
Fully paid for designs will be supplied to The Client for printing purposes only. For an extra charge, The Client will have access to all native files. The exception is logo design jobs, where The Client will be charged for all Native data as part of the initial quotation.
Errors and Omissions
Marfield, Inc. is not responsible for proofreading any designs. The Client is responsible for checking proofs and other deliverables carefully for accuracy in all respects, ranging from spelling to technical illustrations. Marfield, Inc. is not liable for errors or omissions. The Clients’ signature or go-ahead e-mail, verbal authorization will not be accepted is required on all artwork before release for printing, digital publication, or other implementation.
Deadlines
You acknowledge your responsibilities in keeping your projects on schedule. In the unlikely event we miss one of our target-dates the payment milestones will be adjusted accordingly. If the Client fails to deliver necessary content, resources, or feedback by the time Marfield, Inc. deems crucial to a deadline, all deadlines and milestones will be adjusted accordingly, at Marfield Inc.’s discretion. The Client’s failure to meet timeline/milestone or content obligations for a period of 14 days or more will result in a reallocation of Marfield, Inc.’s resources and work on the project will be delayed or may cease.
Cancellations
A cancellation fee for work commenced or completed shall be paid by The Client, with the price based on the stage of project completion. The fee will not exceed 100 % of the total project cost. This fee will be based on the hours already spent on the project. If after project commencement, client communication (face-to-face, telephone, or email) stops for a period of 30 days, the project can be canceled by Marfield, Inc. Thereupon, Marfield, Inc. can choose to cease further work on the project.
Confidentiality
The Client must inform Marfield, Inc. in writing before the project commences if any portion of any material or information provided by The Client is confidential.
Marfield Inc. reserves the right to update/change our terms and conditions at any time for any reason. By placing your order with Marfield, Inc., you state that you have read and have agreed to these terms.
Have a Question?Do you have a question that isn't addressed here? Contact our Customer Service Desk and we'll be happy to answer any question you may have!Contact Help Desk
Close product quick view×
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
NewsletterWant the latest trends in printing? Sign up for Marfield News!
System Status Are you experiencing issues?Check out our official Status Page to view realtime statistics and server response times.You can also contact our Customer Service Department to report outages or problems.
Employee Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Our site uses cookies and other tracking technologies to assist with navigation and your ability to provide feedback, analyse your use of our products and services, assist with our promotional and marketing efforts, and provide content from third parties to improve your experience.For full details users may access our public Privacy Policy.
OK
Go to Top