http://www.marcolin.com/en/group/privacy-policy
Brands
Point of View
Group
Careers
Investor relations
Contacts
Privacy Policy
INFORMATION NOTICE ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA
This information notice is provided under art.13 of Regulation EU 679/2016 - General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and explains the methods for the management of the data of data subjects that interact with the web services of the Data Controller accessible via internet from this website and that may subsequently request the Data Controller for the provision of products and services. The information notice refers to this website alone and not to any other websites consulted by the user via links.
The Data Controller is Marcolin SpA, with registered office in Z.I. Villanova 4, 32013 Longarone (BL), VAT no. 00298010257, in the person of its pro tempore legal representative.
CATGORIES OF DATA PROCESSED
Browsing data
During their normal course of operation, the IT systems and software procedures that control the functioning of this website acquire some personal data (so-called log files), the transmission of which is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This information is not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but due to its nature it could, through processing and association with data possessed by third parties, allow users to be identified. IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users that connect to the website, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to make the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters regarding the operating system and the IT environment of the user are included in this category. This data is used for the sole purpose of collecting anonymous statistical information on the use of the website and to check that it is working properly. The data may be used to check liability in the event of possible computer-related crimes against the website and may be forwarded to the Judicial Authorities, if expressly requested by the latter.
Data provided voluntarily by the user
The optional, express and voluntary sending of messages or requests to the addresses indicated on this website, or the filling-in of the contact form, will result in the subsequent acquisition of the address of the sender, which is required in order to respond to any requests, as well as any other personal data included in the message. Specific summarised information will be progressively reported or displayed on the website pages provided for specific services upon request.
After the time of first contact we may ask the data subject for additional personal data; this will be restricted to the data necessary to respond to the requests of the user and to set up and perform contractual agreements and related obligations.
Minors
This Website and the Services of the Data Controller are not intended for persons under 18 years of age and the Data Controller does not intentionally collect personal information on minors. If information on minors is involuntarily recorded, the Data Controller will promptly cancel the data in question.
Type of data processed: The processed data is collected directly from you or via third parties, such as public data bases, trade registers and the internet, and may include: personal details, tax identification data, physical addresses and telephone numbers (including mobile phone numbers), fax, email addresses, certified email addresses and, in general, the information necessary for the performance of the agreement, such as bank account details and the data relating to the payment receipt system.
The Data Controller can also process the following data concerning the personnel of suppliers/contractors/sub-contractors: the company they belong to, position held, level, social security and insurance data and data related to the suitability to carry out certain activities/tasks; special categories of data, such as, for example, data contained on medical certificates for the performance of work-related duties.
In this case the supplier/contractor, as Data Controller, guarantees that the data is acquired and disclosed to our Company in compliance with the legal standards and obligations concerning personal data processing.
Purposes of the processing: Marcolin SpA will process personal, identification and non-sensitive data (for example but not limited to: name, surname, company name, address, telephone number and email address - hereinafter, the "personal data" or also "data") you have provided via the form on the company website (hereinafter, the "Website") and subsequently acquired, without the need for your express consent (art.6, letters b) and c) of the GDPR).
The purposes of the processing and respective legal basis are stated below:
Purposes
Legal basis
To manage communication with the data subject, and his/her possible requests, and if necessary to communicate the data of the data subject to third parties for the sole purpose of responding to your request;
Performance of an agreement or pre-contractual measures
If the data subject is a client or potential client: pre-contractual and contractual management, for the planning and performance of the activities, and the provision of the requested products and services; management of contractual obligations within the Licence Agreement signed with the respective licensors, and within the Distribution Agreements, by virtue of which Marcolin distributes third-party products.
If the data subject is a supplier or potential supplier: to manage offers and orders, and to provide the requested products and services.
To identify the level of satisfaction of the quality of the products and services provided.
To prevent or discover fraudulent activities or abuse harmful to the Website;
To exercise the rights of the Data Controller, for example, the exercising of a right in court;
To send information notices.
Legitimate interest of the data controller
To fulfil obligations laid down by the law, a regulation, Community legislation or an order from the Authorities;
Legal obligations
To send information on the products and services offered by the Data Controller via email, post and/or telephone.
Consent expressed by the data subject
If you are already one of our clients, we may send you information on our products and services similar to those that you have already used, unless you disagree.
Legitimate interest of the data controller
Profiling; we will analyse and process the Personal Data on your consumer choices using automated means, therein including the detailed data on the purchases made through our online or physical stores. This processing is targeted at analytically finding out and predicting your purchasing preferences also for the purpose of creating customer profiles, customising your experience with us on the basis of your interests and purchasing habits and improving our services, for example via communications and the presentation of targeted campaigns. The data collected for this purpose will be stored until you withdraw your consent.
Consent expressed by the data subject
Processing methods: Personal data will be processed in a lawful, proper, relevant and non-excessive manner, with the use of paper and electronic tools, guaranteeing the confidentiality and integrity of the data.
The data may be make known to the persons authorised to process it and by the data processors properly identified by Marcolin SpA, who will perform the activities required in order to issue the requested services and any additional services (in accordance with the administrative, legal and tax laws in force).
Possible recipients/categories of recipients of the personal data: Without the need for express consent (art.6, letter b) of the GDPR), your data may be disclosed following inspections or checks (if required of us) to all the inspection bodies in charge of inspections and checks regarding the regular fulfilment of legal obligations.
Your data may also be communicated to companies /professional firms that  provide assistance and consultancy to the data controller or that work with the latter, in the field of accounting, administration, taxation, law, fiscal matters and finance, as well as to public administrations for the performance of institutional duties within the limits established by the law or by regulations, and to third party service providers to whom the data must be communicated for the fulfilment of contractual obligations. Your personal data will not be disclosed.
Finally, your data can be provided to Licensors in order to fulfil the obligations laid down in the Licence Agreements, and if Marcolin distributes products purchased from third parties, to the third parties in question (in order to fulfil the obligations stated within the related distribution agreements).
Mandatory nature of the provision of data: Apart from that specified for browsing data, the user is free to provide or not provide his/her personal data. The provision of data is mandatory for us to be able to respond to your requests.
The possible refusal to provide us with this data, or the incorrect/incomplete communication of any of the mandatory data, may render it impossible for the Data Controller to guarantee the consistency of the processing.
The provision of personal data for marketing purposes is optional.
Transfer of data to third countries: the data will be processed within the confines of the European Union. The data will be managed and stored in Europe, on servers of the Data Controller and/or companies of the Group and/or third-parties identified as Data Processors located in Italy.
Personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area only to parties subject to the standard European contractual clauses admitted under art. 26(2) of Directive 95/46/EC, or in the case where an adequacy assessment has been made on the territory in which the data is processed under art. 25(6) of Directive 95/46/EC (therein including the USA/EU Privacy Shield), or if the transfer of data occurs in the presence of the conditions set out in art.46 of the GDPR.
Storage period of the personal data: Personal data will be processed for the time necessary to fulfil contractual obligations and other obligations laid down in the laws applicable to the business of the Data Controller, and will be stored:
for the time necessary to fulfil the obligations stated in this information notice and in any event for a period of no longer than 10 years from the completion of the requested activities, as required by the laws in force.
in the case of data provided for marketing purposes, until the communication of the opt-out.
Rights of the Data Subject: under articles 15-22 of the GDPR, the Data Subject is entitled:
to access, rectify, erase, restrict and oppose the processing of his/her data;
to obtain the data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format from the data controller without hindrance in order to send it to another data controller;
to withdraw consent to the processing, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
to lodge a complaint with the Italian Data Protection Authority.
The Data Subject may exercise his/her rights at any time by sending:
a registered letter with return receipt to Marcolin SpA, with registered office in Z.I. Villanova 4, 32013 Longarone (BL);
an email to the address: info@marcolin.com.
DPO: the Data Protection Officer can be contacted by sending an email to dpo@marcolin.com.
Subscribe to our newsletter
subscribe
Investor Relations
Careers
Company info
Legal statement
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
EU Declaration of Conformity
© 2020 Marcolin SpA. REA n. 64334 P.IVA 00298010257 CF 01774690273 - web agency extera