http://www.bds-suspension.com/about#privacy
Home
Customer Service
Off Road Life
Socialize With Us
Off Road Community
Off Road Forums
Clubs & Associations
Event Calendar
Project Vehicles & Sponsorships
BDS Gear
Men's Apparel
Ladies Apparel
Decals / Stickers
Dealer Products
Bad Ass Rides
Logos/graphics/multimedia
Visual Libraries
Catalog
Instagram Photo Album
Picasa Photos (2008-2014)
Videos
BDS Ads
BDS Logos
Factory Protection Plus Graphics
Web Banners
Vehicle Wraps
Product Flyers
About BDS
Our Company
BDS Story
Distributors
Jobs
Privacy Policy
It's Our Products & Service
Why BDS?
FMVSS No.126 Compliant
Warranty
BDS in the News
Testimonials
Press Releases
Email Signup
Contact Us
Get Help Now
Contact Us
Distributor Lookup
BDS Resources
Intruction Library
BDS & Off Road News
Sign Up
Request Forms
Vehicle Sponsorships
Event Sponsorships
Pit Crew Discount Program
Dealer Spotlight
Corporate Information
Sport Truck USA
Office Hours: M-F 8:30am-5:00pm EST
491 W. Garfield Ave., Coldwater, MI 49036
Phone: 517-279-2135
Site search field
Search by Vehicle
Click any menu level to view selection(s)
Select your Year
All Years
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949
1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959
1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969
1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979
1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989
1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Select your Vehicle
Chevy / GMC
1 Ton Truck 2WD
1 Ton Truck 4WD
1/2 Ton Truck 2WD
1/2 Ton Truck 4WD
1500 Truck
2500 Truck
3/4 Ton Truck 2WD
3/4 Ton Truck 4WD
3500 Truck
Avalanche 1500 4WD
Avalanche 2500 4WD
Colorado/Canyon
Escalade AWD
K5 Blazer/Fullsize Jimmy 4WD
Pickup 4WD
S-10 Series 4WD
Suburban 1/2 Ton 4WD
Suburban 3/4 Ton 4WD
Tahoe / Yukon
4WD
Trailblazer / Envoy
Van G10, G20, G30 2WD
Yukon XL 1/2 Ton 4WD
Yukon XL 3/4 Ton 4WD
Dodge / Ram
"W" Pickup 1/2 & 3/4 Ton
1 Ton Truck 4WD
1/2 Ton Truck 4WD
1500 Mega Cab
1500 Rebel
1500 Truck
2500 Power Wagon
2500 Truck
3/4 Ton Truck 4WD
3500 Truck
Dakota
Pickup 4WD
Ramcharger, Trailduster 4WD
Ford
Bronco 4WD
Bronco II 2WD
Bronco II 4WD
Excursion 4WD
Expedition
Explorer
F100 2WD
F100 4WD
F150 2WD
F150 4WD
F150 Raptor
F250 2WD
F250 4WD
F250 TTB 4WD
F250/F350 Super Duty
F350 2WD
F350 4WD
F350 Monobeam 4WD
F350 Super Duty DRW
Ranger 2WD
Ranger 4WD
Van E-Series
Geo
Tracker - 2 Door
Jeep
Cherokee
CJ Series
Comanche
Commander
Gladiator
Grand Cherokee
J10, J20 Pickup
Liberty
Pickup
Wagoneer
Wrangler
Wrangler RHD
Mazda
Pickup 4WD
Other
International Pickup, Travelall
Suzuki / Geo
Samurai
Sidekick - 2 Door
Toyota
4 Runner
4 Runner 2WD
4 Runner 4WD
FJ Cruiser 4WD
Pickup IFS 4WD
T100 4WD
Tacoma 2WD
Tacoma 4WD
Tundra 2WD
Tundra 4WD
Shop By Categoreis
New BDS Suspension Kits & Products
View All Bds Suspension Products
Closeout Products
Order BDS Products by Part Number
Gear / Promo Products
BDS Suspension Instruction Library
Find a Local BDS Suspension Dealer
Signup for eNews
Be first to know about new products and offroad news from BDS SuspensionSign up
Career Opportunities
BDS Suspension/Sport Truck USA, Inc.Job Openings
Home
Made in the USA
Product Categories
Help
Product Information
PDF Installation Instructions
Purchasing BDS
Warranty
Purchase Options
Policies
Delivery/Shipping
Return Policy
Terms/Conditions
Privacy/Security
Account Information
My Account
View My Account
Update Account Info
My Gararge
Saved Projects
Start a Project
BDS & Off Road News
Email Signup
My Orders
Track an Order
Order History
BDS Gift Cards
Buy a gift card
Shopping Cart
Your Cart
Items: 0 | Total: $0.00
View Cart
Check out now
Member Login
Email Address:
Password:
Remember me:
Forgot your password?
Your password has been sent to you
Sign up for a BDS account to take advantage of 1-step checkout, save projects in your garage, order tracking, order history and other benefits.
Not a member? Sign Up!
First Name:
Last Name:
Area Code:
Primary Phone:
Street Address:
Apt, Suite, Building, Lot: (optional)
City:
State:
Postal Code:
Email Address:
Password:
Use only letters and numbers in password.
Send me occasional emails for promos and events
Log In | Register Close Panel
Why BDS?
560Plus
FMVSS Compliant
BDS Story
Distributors
Jobs
Privacy
Why BDS Suspension?quality - Competitive prices - Expert service
Why BDS? Because it is
our mission in life to provide you with the best possible suspension experience
ever!
What does this statement
mean to you? It means you get a real picture of dollars invested by providing
ALL the parts necessary to do the job right. Selecting a BDS lift gives you
peace of mind knowing our parts fit and perform as close to original equipment
as possible. It means you can sleep peacefully knowing we provide the most
complete, easy to understand warranty in the industry. It means we care way beyond
selling you a lift and want to make you a satisfied customer for life.
Distributed only through
knowledgeable Four Wheel Drive shops, made in North America, and supported by a
group of people who really care about providing you the best value for your
money, BDS truly provides the ultimate lifted experience.
www.bds-suspension.com
We have built a strong website to assist with application selection as well as technical information that is available 24 hours a day. We are constantly working on new Jeep, truck and SUV products and update our website
when
new off road parts are available.
When you order from this website, you will be given contact information for your local Authorized
Distributor. This Distributor will be there to assist
you throughout the purchasing process and beyond. You won't get that from other online off road parts stores.
Mission Statement
The
mission of BDS Suspension, a company dedicated to reliability and customer satisfaction, is to produce high quality products at
affordable prices. Our warranty reflects our mission and our confidence in every product we manufacture.
No Fine Print Warranty
If you are the original purchaser of any BDS product and it breaks, we will give you a new part. Period.
View warranty details
Factory Protection Plus560Plus
The Ultimate Lifted Suspension Protection Coverage and it's FREE!
Supplemental Drivetrain Limited Protection provided by 560Plus.com - 5 Year/60,000 Miles on Ford, Nissan and Toyota vehicles and 5 Year/100,000 Miles on Dodge/Ram, GM and Jeep vehicles.
Free, no cost protection for BDS customers
Could save thousands of dollars on possible repairs
Easy online registration process
Available for most late model vehicles
What is Factory Protection Plus? Click to find out now.
BDS SuspensionNo Fine Print Warranty
+
FMVSS 126 Compliance
+
Drivetrain Protection
For the ultimate piece of mind and an absolutely great value—Demand the Factory Protection Plus Protection for your next lifted suspension purchase.
Visit 560Plus.com for details or Go to graphic download page
Federal Motor Vehicle Safety StandardNo. 126
When you see this symbol you will know with confidence this application has been tested and successfully passed the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard No. 126 test. This highly specialized test was performed to show the installation of this particular BDS suspension system, with a specific tire and wheel package would not compromise the performance and effectiveness of the vehicle's Electronic Stability Control (ESC) system.
In an effort to reduce the risk of rollover crashes the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) established the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard (FMVSS) No. 126 requiring all new passenger vehicles under 10,000 lbs GVWR include an electronic stability control (ESC) system as standard equipment. FMVSS No. 126 tests new vehicle ESC systems through a series of evasive lane-change maneuvers at highway speeds to ensure the driver can maintain control in critical driving situations.
On a closed test course, the BDS Suspension equipped vehicle was accelerated to 50 mph at which point the test operator initiated the test by letting the computer take control. The computer controlled steering wheel is spun abruptly; both left and right, causing the tested vehicle to change direction and begin to slide. This event caused the vehicles ESC system to activate and regain control. When the data was analyzed it clearly showed the BDS product did NOT interfere with the performance of the ESC system.
This accomplishment is just a small representation of the large investment by the BDS Suspension team to produce the safest and highest quality product on the market today. For additional information on this and other quality products available log on to our website at bds-suspension.com. BDS Suspension is a division of Sport Truck USA Inc.
The BDS
Story Premium suspension from experienced dealers
BDS Suspension was started in 1996 by a business group who felt it
was past time to create a suspension company that truly had the best
interest of the off road consumer as its' foundation. With over 45 combined
years experience with other major suspension companies, both buying and
selling, we were frustrated by the lack of quality and the
unwillingness to make things right by these 4x4 companies. So we set out to
create a suspension company that would be the best. We made a list of
the things we felt were not right and made it our missions to correct
them.
We felt it wasn't right to
advertise systems that were still in the development stage and wouldn't
be ready for months. Therefore if you see it in our catalog, in our
magazine ads, or on our website, you can bet we have it on the shelf
and it’s ready for resale. We didn’t think it was fair to get you all
hyped up about buying one of our systems just to find out we were "Out
of Stock", therefore we never are.
We didn’t think it was right
you could find the same lift by the same company at 15 different
prices, creating doubt as to whether you were getting everything you
were entitled to for the cheapest price and forcing you to purchase
1500 miles away to get that price. So we established a network of
dealers across the country. Here you get the best price from a local
business whose goal is to provide you with the best service possible.
Even if you buy BDS off our website, the local distributor is there to
assist you.
Finally, we didn't think it
was right for you to spend your hard earned money on a suspension
system, have a part break and be told it wasn’t under warranty. Common
excuses from other suspension companies are: not properly installed, painted a different color. installed with another company's product, and you raced with it. The list is endless and ridiculous. We created the
best warranty in the industry. So simple we call it our "No Fine Print"
warranty and it goes like this: "If you buy it and it breaks, we'll
replace it." That's it and we live by it every day.
BDS
Suspension. Use it, abuse it. That’s our motto. Created by people who
care about our customers for their customers (you), who care about how
their dollars get spent. When you want the most for your money, BDS is
the only way to go. Premium suspension from experienced dealers.
Distributors Your Local BDS Authorized Dealer/Distributor
BDS
lift kits and other Jeep, truck, and SUV off road products are not available through 4x4 mail order companies. We believe it is in the best interest of the consumer to distribute our product through a network of dedicated, experienced 4WD enthusiasts. BDS Suspension carefully selects distributors. Our goal is to find honest, experienced, retail/installers who are 4WD enthusiasts.
You will be given contact information for your local Authorized Dealer/Distributor when you place your web order even if you have that order shipped directly to your home. This Distributor will be there to assist you throughout the purchasing process and beyond.
CLICK HERE to Find YOUR Local Distributor
BDS Distributor ProgramDo you qualify?
To learn more about
BDS
Distributor benefits and requirements e-mail us or call 517-279-2135 today!
BDS Distributor
Benefits
Unequaled
quality backed by the ONLY No Fine Print Warranty in the business - If
you are the original purchaser of any BDS product and it breaks, we
will give you a new part. Period.
Best fill rate in the industry.
NEVER OUT.
A knowledgeable tech department and
excellent consumer referral program.
Limited distribution. Available only
through selected dealers.
Premium suspension products designed by people who use them and
really care about quality.
Distributor
Requirements
Must
have a retail, storefront location and be considered the go-to suspension expert in the area.
Agree to recommend, advertise and promote BDS Suspension as
primary
suspension line.
Place an opening inventory order, the amount to be mutually
determined based on monthly/annual suspension sales.
Provide on-site installation facilities and experienced suspension
technicians.
Understand and adhere to our printed Pricing Policy.
International Distributors Needed
We are looking for good quality
international
distributors. Read our distributor
requirements and contact us if you believe you qualify.
Jobs Career Opportunities
We
are always looking for motivated, high-energy people who are willing to
work hard to help grow our company. Please submit your
resume' and cover letter by e-mail.
Current job openingsView details about career opportunities at BDS Suspension and Sport Truck USA, Inc. We are a very fast growing company looking for new talent. Job Details
Effective Date: December 30, 2019
Last Update: December 30, 2019
Privacy Policy
If you are a California resident, please click here for more information about your specific privacy rights.
ACCESSIBILITY - If you are having any trouble accessing this Privacy Policy or the website,please email us at stusa-webmaster@ridefox.com
Table of Contents
1.	INTRODUCTION
2.	SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
3.	CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
4.	PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
5.	DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
6.	SECURITY AND RETENTION
7.	COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TOOLS
8.	CONTACT DETAILS
9.	CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
10. COOKIE POLICY
1.	INTRODUCTION
1.1	Fox Factory, Inc., headquartered at 6634 Highway 53, Braselton, GA 30517, U.S.A., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Fox,” “we,” “our” or “us”), collects information from and about you through this website, through email and communications with you, and from other sources (collectively, the “Services”).
1.2	This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we collect, use, share or otherwise process your Personal Information (defined below), and what your rights are with respect thereto.
1.3	This Policy does not apply to job applicants or Fox employees.
1.4	Fox may update this Policy from time to time. The current Policy will be effective when posted. Please check this Policy periodically for updates. If any of the changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease using the Services. When required, we will notify you of any changes to this Policy by posting the changes on this website. When required under applicable law, we will seek affirmative consent from you before making material changes to how we handle data previously collected from you. If you do not provide such consent, we will continue to use Personal Information in a manner that is consistent with the version of this Policy under which it was collected, or the information will be deleted.
1.5	Whenever you interact with Fox on behalf of another individual or entity, such as by providing or accessing Personal Information about another individual, you represent that your interactions and exchanges comply with applicable data protection laws. You shall have sole responsibility for any violation of privacy laws as a result of a failure to inform the other individual about how their Personal Information will be processed or to obtain any necessary consent from such individual.
2.	SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal Information (“Personal Information”) is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person or household.
2.1	Information you provide to us directly. We process information we collect from you when you register for an account, communicate with us, purchase, access, or otherwise use our Services, complete a survey, participate in a promotion or otherwise interact with us.
2.2	Information we obtain from business affiliates, subsidiaries, partners or other companies. We may receive information about you from third parties such as if you link your social media account with our Services we may receive information about you from your social media account, or from organizers of events or trade shows that you attend.
Note that we do not control the privacy practices of such third parties.
2.3	Information collected automatically or inferred with our Services. Through our Services, we may collect technical information about you and your computer or device, such as your IP address and browsing preferences.
We may combine information that we receive from the various sources described in this Policy, including third party sources and public sources, and use or disclose it for the purposes identified below.
3.	CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
The types of information we collect about you include:
3.1	Identifiers, such as your name, alias, postal address, country of residence, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, account number, account name, username and password, account creation date, phone number, social media identifiers (e.g., Twitter handle, Instagram name, etc.), or other similar identifiers.
3.2	Financial information, such as your credit card number, debit card number, credit worthiness, security code, billing address, or any other financial information.
3.3	Protected class and demographic information, such as age and gender.
3.4	Commercial information and preferences, including what product category applies to you, where you ride, how often you ride, shop name, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
3.5	Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as your browsing history, search history, type of web browser, operating system being used, domain name or your Internet service provider, cookie ID, websites you visit before coming to our website, other websites you visit and the data and duration of your visit, and information regarding your interactions with Fox (including interacting with Fox online and through advertisements).
3.6	Professional or employment information, such as job title, business address, employment history, or other professional information.
3.7	Inferences drawn from any of the information we collect to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
4.	PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Fox generally processes your Personal Information for the purposes of providing you with and improving our Services. More specifically, we process your Personal Information to:
4.1	To provide products and Services and maintain your account, including the online store portion of the website. Communicate with you in the context of your use of our Services (so as to obtain additional information where necessary and to provide you with information relating to the Services), and to fulfill your requests or answer your questions, including regarding warranty claims.
4.2	For marketing, such as customizing content you see or offering information on our Services we feel may be of interest to you, including by sending you marketing communications by post, e-mail, online advertising, or similar technology.
4.3	For our own internal business purposes, such as auditing related to current transactions with you, debugging to identify and repair errors that impair the functionality of our systems, to evaluate or audit the usage and performance of our Services and improve the quality of your interactions with Fox, improve and design new Services, operate and maintain our websites, process your responses to surveys or questionnaires, perform internal research, quality assurance, conduct data analysis and testing, provide anonymous reporting, and maintain proper business records and other relevant records.
4.4	For security of Fox, our customers, employees, or others, by detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity.
4.5	For legal and compliance purposes, such as compliance training, investigating and responding to claims against Fox, due diligence purposes, tax requirements, and other such purposes.
4.6	In connection with a transaction, such as if we, or some of our assets, are acquired by another entity, including through a sale or in connection with a bankruptcy, we will share your Personal Information with that entity.
5.	DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your Personal Information with the categories of recipients described below. In some cases, the entities below collect Personal Information directly from you on Fox’s behalf.
5.1	Intra-Group
We share your Personal Information among Fox entities, which includes parents, corporate affiliates, subsidiaries, business units and other companies, some of which share common ownership for the purposes described above.
5.2	Service Providers
We share your Personal Information with third party service providers working on our behalf to provide the products and services you request or support our relationship with you, such as IT providers, accountants, logistics providers, payment processors, analytics companies, and marketing providers.
5.3	For Legal, Security or Safety Purposes
We will also disclose Personal Information when required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena, including to law enforcement agencies, tribunals and courts in countries where Fox operates. We may share your Personal Information to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; and to protect our rights and the property or safety of Fox, our employees and users, or third parties.
5.4	In Connection with Corporate Transactions
We will disclose Personal Information to buyers, their lawyers or professional advisors, courts, tribunals, opposing or other related parties to the proceedings and their professional advisors, where needed to affect the sale or transfer of business assets, to enforce our rights and to protect our property, assets or safety of others.
5.5	Third Parties
We may share your Personal Information with third parties to complete a transaction or for the third party’s own purposes, which may include their own direct marketing. To opt out of sharing with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, contact us at privacy@ridefox.com
We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate Personal Information to share with third parties for any purpose. We do not sell your Personal Information.
6.	SECURITY AND RETENTION
We retain Personal Information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the stated purpose for which the Personal Information was collected or otherwise processed and thereafter only for legitimate legal or business purposes.
We maintain reasonable security procedures and technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or use.
7.	COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TOOLS
Fox may set and access cookies and other tracking technologies on your computer. For more information, please click here to see our Cookie Policy below.
8.	CONTACT DETAILS
Fox Factory, Inc.
6634 Highway 53
Braselton, GA 30517
You may direct questions about our processing of your Personal Information or exercise your rights in relation to your Personal Information by sending an e-mail to privacy@ridefox.com
9.	CALIFORNIA PRIVACY NOTICE
We provide services and products primarily to business customers and generally only collect Personal Information of the employees of those business customers. In limited circumstances, when an individual consumer who is a California resident interacts with us directly, such as through our Services, this section applies.
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, below is a summary of the Personal Information we collected from such California residents, the sources from which we collected the Personal Information, the business or commercial purpose for which the Personal Information was collected and the categories of third parties with whom we share consumer Personal Information. The section references in the chart below relate to the sections in this Policy.
Personal Information
Sources of Personal Information
Business or Commercial Purpose for Collection
With Whom We Share Personal Information
Identifiers (3.1)
2.1, 2.2
4.1,
4.3, 4.3, 4.4, 4.5, 4.6
5.1, 5.2, 5.3
Financial information (3.2)
2.1
4.1, 4.3, 4.5, 4.6
5.1, 5.2
Protected class and demographic information (3.3)
2.1
4.2, 4.3, 4.6
5.1
Commercial information and preferences (3.4)
2.1, 2.2
4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.6
5.1, 5.2
Internet or other electronic network activity information (3.5)
2.3, 11
4.1, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4, 11
5.1, 5.2, 11
Professional or employment-related information (3.6)
2.1
4.1, 4.3, 4.6
5.1, 5.2
We disclosed all of the categories of Personal Information listed above for a business purpose in the past 12 months.
9.1	Your Rights
Subject to certain legal limitations, regarding the collection, use, and sharing of Personal Information, you may exercise the following rights via our webform at www.ridefox.com/ccpa or by calling 1-800-369-7469, extension 5516.
Right to Know. You have the right to request information about the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected the Personal Information, the purposes for collecting the Personal Information, the categories of third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information, and the purpose for which we shared your Personal Information (“Categories Report”). You may also request information about the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you (“Specific Pieces Report”).
Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information that we have collected from you.
In accordance with applicable law, we will not discriminate against you for exercising these rights.
9.2	Verification
In order to exercise your rights, we will need to obtain information from you to locate you in our records or verify your identity depending on the nature of the request. If you are submitting a request on behalf of a household, we will need to verify each member of the household in the manner set forth in this section. For a Specific Pieces Report, we will request your name, email address, and phone number or postal address to verify your identity and seek a signed declaration, under penalty of perjury, that you are who you say you are. For a Categories Report, we will request your name, email address, and phone number or postal address to verify your identity. For a Right to Delete request, we will request your name, email address, and phone number or postal address to verify your identity.
9.3	Authorized Agents
You may use an authorized agent to exercise your rights on your behalf. If you are making any of the requests above through an authorized agent, we will request written authorization from you and will seek to verify you as described above or we will accept a legal Power of Attorney under the California Probate Code to the authorized agent. Authorized agents may use the webform at www.ridefox.com/ccpa and upload documentation demonstrating the agent has authority to exercise rights on the requesting consumer’s behalf.
9.4	Timing
We will respond to Requests to Delete and Requests to Know within 45 days, unless we need more time in which case we will notify you and may take up to 90 days total to respond to your request.
10.	COOKIE POLICY
This Cookie Policy describes how Fox Factory, Inc., headquartered at 6634 Highway 53, Braselton, Georgia 30517, U.S.A., together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Fox,” “we,” “our” or “us”), uses cookies (“cookies”) and other tracking technologies on this website (the “Website”), on which a direct hyperlink to this Cookie Policy is posted. This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies and other tracking technologies, how third parties we may partner with may use cookies and other tracking technologies on the Website, your choices, and other information.
10.1	What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files that the Website saves on your computer or mobile device (such as your mobile phone, laptop or tablet) when you visit the Website. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the Website.
These are the different types of cookies we may use on our Website:
(a)	Essential cookies are required for the operation of our Website (for example, to remember what policies you accepted, to display appropriate banners, and to facilitate login). These cookies enable you to move around the Website and use its features. Disabling these cookies would impede the Website’s performance and we would not be able to provide you with the features and services offered through the Website.
(b)	Analytics cookies (including advertising cookies) allow us to analyze your activities on our Website in order to improve and adapt the way our Website works. For example, we may count visits by traffic source, or analyze the paths used to specific content, provide suggested products and provide targeted advertisements relevant to your visit to our Website. Some cookies record your online activities, including your last visit to our Website. This information allows us to make our Website more relevant to you by displaying appropriate content and delivering communications that are tailored to you.
10.2	Types of Data Held
The types of data Fox collects using cookies and other technologies include:
•	Cookie Policy acceptance
•	Privacy Policy acceptance
•	PHP session ID which consists of a randomly generated sequence of letters and numbers
•	First name, last name (if typed in by user)
•	Shipping & billing addresses (if typed in by user)
•	IP address
•	Pages visited
•	Product pages visited
•	Duration onsite
•	Referring website
•	Location
•	Items placed in cart
•	Log In/Log Out Status (if typed in by user)
10.3	How Do We Use Cookies?
Our Website uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best possible experience by providing you personalized information, understanding how you use our Website and helping you obtain the right information.
We use cookies for the below purposes:
(a)	Essential Cookies:
•	Identify the PHP Session used to store login data
•	Remember whether you accepted cookies
•	Remember whether you accepted the Privacy Policy
•	In connection with access to admin
•	In connection with shopping cart
•	In connection with checkout
(b)	Analytics Cookies:
•	Track visits on the Website for analytics
•	Distinguish users and sessions
•	Determine new sessions/visits
•	Store the traffic source or campaign that explains how you reached the Website
(c)	Advertising Cookies:
•	Bing Ads: We use Bing Ads to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our Website
•	Facebook Custom Audiences: We use Facebook Custom Audiences to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our Website
•	Google Ads: We use Google Ads to deliver targeted advertisements to individuals who visit our Website
Through cookies and other tracking technologies, aggregate and other information such as the pages visited on the Website and unique URLs visited within our Website may be obtained and used to enhance your experience and understand traffic patterns. We count the number of users who visit a particular section of the Website or who clicks on links or graphics included in e-mail newsletters received from Fox. We also compile aggregated statistics about how our Website is appreciated by its visitors to optimize and tailor it to your needs.
10.4	Who Sets the Cookies?
Cookies may be placed on your device by us, as the Website operator. These cookies are called “First Party Cookies.” Certain cookies may be placed on your device by a third party other than Fox, such as providers of marketing services and providers of cookies and other tracking technologies related services (e.g., publishers, data management platforms, and demand side platforms). These cookies are called “Third Party Cookies.” For example, a third party such as Instagram or Twitter may place a cookie to integrate the social media platform and be able to share its capabilities with you.
10.5	How Can You Block, Delete or Otherwise Manage Cookies?
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our Website.
Please note that your Internet browser allows you to change your cookie settings, including deleting and blocking them. These settings are usually found in the “Options” or “Preferences” sections of the “Settings” menu of your Internet browser. You can use the “Help” option in your Internet browser for more details.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Fox does not respond to Do Not Track (“DNT”) preferences. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve your content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, your browser allows you to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties know you do not want to be tracked.
10.6	How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or requests regarding our use of cookies, please direct your request to:
Fox Factory, Inc.
6634 Highway 53
Braselton, GA 30517
privacy@ridefox.com
10.7	Amendments
Fox will amend this Cookie Policy from time to time and inform you, as required by applicable law, but we will not reduce your rights.
BDS Suspension
We make every effort to buy American and we hope you do as well. Buying American ensures that you are getting quality products made from quality materials.
Just as important is the fact that buying American keeps your hard-earned money in the American economy.
This is one of the biggest ways we as consumers can help revitalize the American economy and strengthen the US dollar.
It doesn't matter whether you are buying clothing, groceries or parts for your truck…buy American and buy with confidence that your money will stay in America.
Browse by Make
Chevy / GMC  Ford  Dodge / RAM  Jeep  Toyota
BDS Suspension
Copyright - 2020
Important: All pricing is shown in US Dollars
BDS reserves the right to update products as necessary without notice, and will not be held responsible for misprints, or changes/variations made by vehicle manufacturers. Use of this site is subject to the Site Terms & Conditions, which constitute a legal agreement between you and BDS Suspension, Co.