http://www.johansontechnology.com/privacy
Products
Antennas
Antennas
RF Capacitors
High-Q, Multi-Layer Capacitors
Single-Layer, Broadband Capacitors (GBBL)
Single-Layer, Microwave Capacitors (SLC)
LASERTrim® RF Tuning Capacitors
Ceramic RF Inductors
RF Ceramic Chip Inductors
RF Wirewound Chip Inductors
Ceramic Coaxial Resonators
CR Band Pass Filters
Modules & Substrates
Custom LTCC Module Foundry Service
Unpatterned Thin Film Substrate
Integrated Passives
Band Pass Filters
Baluns
Balun-Filter Combination
Couplers
Diplexers & Triplexers
High Pass Filters
Low Pass Filters
Power Dividers
RF Component Prototyping Kits
Capacitor & Inductor Kits
Capacitor Kits
Inductor Kits
Non-Magnetic Capacitor Kits
Application Specific Integrated Passive Kits
Single Layer Capacitor Kits
Chipset Specific RF Front-end
Analog Devices
California Eastern Labs (CEL)
Cambridge Silicon Radio (CSR)
Cypress
Dialog Semiconductor
Infineon/Intel
MediaTek (MTK)
Microchip (Atmel)
Nordic Semiconductor
NXP
ON Semiconductor
Qualcomm-Atheros
Semtech
Silicon Labs
Texas Instruments (TI)
Legacy Products (Obsolete)
Sales Reps
Select a Continent
North America
Europe
Asia
Other Locations
Popular locations
China
France
Germany
India
Select a Continent
Other
Asia
Other
Europe
North America
Other
Distributors
Distributor List
Distributor Inventory
Downloads
Company Catalog
Download or Request a hard copy
Modeling Software
JTISoft®
AppCAD
S-Parameter Files
RF Capacitors, Components & Inductors
Designer Libraries
Touchstone S-Parameter Files
AWR MWO Libraries
Keysight ADS Libraries
Eagleware Genesys Libraries
Modelithics® Microwave Global Models™
Download a specific PDF
Multi-Layer High-Q Capacitors
GBBL Broadband Single Layer Capacitors
SLC Microwave / Millimeterwave Capacitors
Ceramic Chip Antennas
RF Ceramic Chip Inductors
RF Wirewound Chip Inductors
Custom LTCC Module Foundry Service
Custom Substrates & Thin Film Products
Tech Notes
Antenna Tech Notes
IoT Multiband Antenna Solution
Antenna Bandwidth Expansion Guideline
Chip Antenna Layout Considerations for BLE, 802.11, and 2.4G Zigbee
Chip Antenna Selection Guide
JTI Chip Antenna Mounting and Tuning Techniques
Integrated Passive Components Notes
Avago AppCAD
Integrated Passives Part Number Explanation
Chip Balun: Definitions & Measurements Methodology
2500AT43A0100 Frequency Tuning
2450BM14A0002 Matched Balun for T.I. 253X Family Chipsets
2450BM15A0015 125 Temperature Test
TI CC1352 x Johanson Technology 0900PC15A0036
RF Capacitors and Inductors
Capacitor Mounting & S-Parameters
Capacitor RF Current & Power
Dishal Bandpass Filter Tuning using LASERtrim® Chip Capacitors
High Frequency Inductor Modeling utilizing MLISoft®
Measuring S-Parameters of High-Q Caps
Q & ESR Explained
S-Parameter Accuracy
SRF & PRF for RF Capacitors
Trimming Characteristics or LASERtrim® Chip Capacitors
Inductor Marking and Orientation RF Study
Soldering Profiles and Guidelines for SMT Ceramic Components
PCB Pad Layout Recomendations
Tin & Whisker
Tin Whisker Report: High-Q MLCC's
Storage Information
Recomended Storage Conditions
Packaging
&Soldering Information
Tape & Reel Packaging
Silver Leaded Components & Soldering Profile
Typical Soldering Profile
Waffle Pack Opening Procedure
Other Notes
Conflict Minerals Policy
Wirewound Cross Reference
Responsible Business Alliance Code of Conduct
MSL Rating
RoHS Compliance
Company
Company
Company News
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Counterfeit Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Corporate Responsibility
Careers
HiQ/X2Y Product Manager
SLC Plating Operator
Certifications
ISO 14001 Certification
ISO 9001 Certification
AS 9100 Certification
Affiliates
Quotes
Samples
Kits
Questions
Sign in
Create/View account
Login
Logout
Privacy Policy
Analytics Opt Out
You can opt-out from Analytics tracking by clicking on this link:
opt-out of Google Analytics
Unsubscribe to our newsletters
If you prefer not to receive any notification emails in the future, please login to manage your newsletter subscription. Once logged into your account, select the "edit profile" button and uncheck the "I would like to receive notifications" checkbox.
Privacy policy message
Our Privacy Policy
Johanson Technology provides this Privacy Policy to inform
users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and
disclosure of personally identifiable information received from users of this
website, located at https://www.johansontechnology.com ("Site"), and users of our mobile app on the Apple App Store or on Google Play.
By using our Site you are consenting to our processing of
your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.
"Processing" means using cookies on a computer or using or touching
information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing,
deleting, using, combining and disclosing information.
1. Information Collection
and Use
Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable
information are to provide you with the product and services made available
through the Site, including, but not limited, to the Service, to communicate with you, and
to manage your registered user account, if you choose to have one.
2. Information Collected
Upon Registration
If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections
of the Site, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit
certain personally identifiable information to Johanson Technology. This
happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for the Service, or
if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally
identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your
IP address, full user name, password,
email address, city, company name, telephone number, and other information that
you decide to provide us with.
3. Use of Contact
Information
Your privacy is our main concern; we will never share or sell your personal information to anyone. In addition, we may use your contact information to market
to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services,
including but not limited to our Service. If you decide at any time that you no
longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please
un-follow us, or follow the unsubscribe
instructions provided in any of the communications.
4. Log Data
When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record
information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log
Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your IP address,
browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the web-pages you
visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For
most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP
address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the
use of the Site and of our Service, and for the Site’s technical
administration. We do not
associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to
identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.
5. Cookies
Like many websites, we also use "cookie"
technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the Site and
our service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's
hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable
information. Johanson Technology may use both session cookies and persistent
cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site and our Service, to
monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and
to improve the Site and our services. A session cookie enables certain features
of the Site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you
disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close
your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file
directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can
instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to
prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Our Cookie policy
Information Sharing and Disclosure
6. Service Providers
We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions
and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and
maintenance, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns.
We will share your personally identifiable information with these third
parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and
provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations
requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
7. Compliance with Laws
and Law Enforcement
Johanson Technology cooperates with government and law
enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We
may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement
officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary
or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to
protect the property and rights of Johanson Technology or a third party, the
safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical,
or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
8. Business Transfers
Johanson
Technology may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets,
including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a
merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of
bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if
the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from
that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
9. Changing or Deleting
Information
If you
are a registered user of the Site, you may access and update or correct the
information you provided to us by e-mailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
10. Security
Johanson Technology is very concerned about safeguarding the
confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We employ
administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your
information from unauthorized access. We will make any legally-required
disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of
your unencrypted electronically stored personal data to you via email or
conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and
without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law
enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach
and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
11. Links to Other
Websites
Our Site contains links to other websites. The fact that we
link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our
affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party
websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on
your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from
you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the
personally identifiable information you submit to them. We encourage you to
read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
12. Our policy towards children
The Site is not directed to persons under 13. If a parent or
guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally
identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We
do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children
under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with
personal identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our
files.
13. Changes to this Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any
reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place.
We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy
regularly for any changes.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 17, 2018
If you have any thoughts or questions about this Privacy
Policy please email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Stay connected:
Register Today!
Quick links
Home
About
Contact Us
News
Certifications
Visit our Sister Site:
Johanson Technology is dedicated to providing the highest level of customer satisfaction through high quality components, superior customer service and forward looking, advanced products.
© All rights reserved.Johanson Technology