http://www.andersondevelopment.com/privacy
A Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Mitsui Chemicals, Inc.
Home
Products
Acrylic Resins
Urethane Elastomer Systems
Polyurethane Dispersions
Boron Compounds
Custom Toll Manufacturing
Sustainability
Sustainability 2020
UN Sustainable Development Goals
Codes of Conduct
QEHS&S Commitments
Responsible Care ®
Product Stewardship
Certificates
News & Events
Blog
About
Corporate Overview
Corporate Mission
Terms and Conditions
History
Directions to ADC
Career Opportunities
About Adrian, MI
Contact
Anderson Development
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement describes how Anderson Development Company (“ADC”) may collect information from or about you when you visit this website (www.andersondevelopment.com) and other ADC websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement.
ADC values your privacy, and is providing this Privacy Statement to explain what information we collect and how that information may be used by ADC when you interact with ADC online.
In some countries, your use of ADC’s website could be considered consent by you to ADC’s use of this information. If you do not want us to collect or use your information as set out in this Privacy Statement, please do not use our websites or provide us with your information.
Please take a few minutes to review this Privacy Statement. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us.
This Privacy Statement includes the following:
Who Is Collecting Your Information
What Information We Collect
Additional Information for EU-based Users
How Adc May Use and Share Your Information
Location of Information
Use of Special Features or Areas of Our Website
Children’s Privacy
Security
External Links
Changes to This Privacy Statement
Your Choices
Access, Update or Correct Your Personal Information
Who Is Collecting Your Information
Information collected through www.andersondevelopment is maintained by Artonic, LLC 740 Mill Hwy, Tecumseh, MI 49286. ADC can be reached through the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Statement.
What Information We Collect
When you interact with ADC online or in response to ADC’s marketing communications, ADC collects “Personal Data” about you, by which we mean information that may identify you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to ADC. Information that we collect includes the following:
Information You Provide.
Protect the health and welfare of our employees and community through the development of world-class, safe operating performance. Engage all Anderson Development employees to work towards an injury and accident free workplace through safe operating systems, behaviors and conditions.
Targets
We collect the personal information you knowingly provide by completing an online form, registering for information or services, applying for a job, or otherwise sending to us. For example, if you sign up to receive e-mail communications from one of our businesses, we collect your e-mail address and any related information you provide. If you communicate with us using the “Contact Us” feature, we collect the information you provide when you complete the “Contact Us” form.
This includes information such as your name, email or physical address, or other contact details, or other records or copies of your correspondence with us (including emails).
If you sign up to receive e-mail communications from ADC, we will collect your e-mail address and any related information you provide.
If you communicate with ADC using the “Contact Us” feature, we collect the information you provide when you complete the “Contact Us” form.
Supplemental Information.
In some cases, ADC may also collect information about you from other sources, and combine the information that you provide us online with other information that we have due to your relationship with ADC.
For example, if you are an ADC customer or supplier, we may use the information you have provided us both online and through our broader business relationships to improve your online experience.
Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser.
As with many websites, we collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser.
This information typically includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the identity of your internet service provider, the name and version of your operating system and browser, the date and time of your visit, the page that linked you to ADC, and the pages you visit.
Cookies and Other Technologies.
ADC may use “cookie” technology on this website; a cookie is a text file containing information which is sent by a website and stored in your computer’s hard drive or temporary memory.
You may change your cookie settings on your internet browser or delete our cookies at any time.
We use cookies to save your preferences for our websites or to collect statistics related to the number of visitors to our websites and requests for files, the types of browsers used, and other aggregate data.
The specific types of cookies that are used on our website include the following:
First- And Third-Party Cookies
Technical Cookies
Technical cookies are those necessary to display the information on the website properly, or otherwise used to carry out the transmission of a web communication. They are not used for any further purposes and are normally installed directly by the owner or the operator of the website.
Technical cookies can be divided into:
Browsing And Session Cookies: These cookies guarantee regular navigation and use of the site (e.g. allowing authentication to access restricted areas);
Analytics Cookies: These cookies are used to collect aggregate information on the number of visitors and on how they use the site.
Functional Cookies: These cookies allow the user to browse as a function of certain pre-determined criteria (e.g., the language, products selected for review, etc.) in order to improve the service offered.
Cookies Used On ADC Websites
A comprehensive list of cookies that can be found on ADC websites is found below. For Third Party cookies, ADC or its supporting agencies do not define, aide in or determine what the vendor deems as non-personally identifiable information nor define consent or manage any consent mechanisms. Ultimately, these cookies are supplied by third parties who control the right to update the purpose or use of each.
FIRST PARTY COOKIES
Category
Type
Duration
Purpose
Technical
Browsing/Session
Session
These are used with the only purpose to ensure that the site functions properly and to improve the service offered, as well as allowing easier browsing based on a set of criteria selected by the visitor (e.g.. language, country, form information and/or products selected for purchase). They are removed when the browser is closed.
Technical
Functional
Permanent
They are used when user clicked Accept button on the Cookie Notification. This is stored to hide the cookie notification overlay on the next visit of the site.
THIRD-PARTY COOKIES
Category
Type
Duration
Purpose
Privacy policy & opt-out
Analytics Cookies
Adobe Analytics
Session and Permanent (2 years)
Analytics Cookies
Adobe Analytics Session and
Permanent (2 years) The purpose of these cookies is to differentiate requests from different browsers and to store helpful information that an application can use later. They may also be used to associate browsing information with non-identifiable user IDs. In particular, these cookies are used to anonymously define new visitors, help analyze clickstream data, and track historical activity on the website, such as response to particular campaigns. According to Adobe, these cookies are removed when the browser is closed.
For more information, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
To opt-out, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
Adobe Audience Manager
5 Months
This cookie assigns a unique ID to a site visitor, which helps Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc.
For more information, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.htmlTo opt-out, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
everesttech.net / Adobe Marketing Cloud
2 Hours - 2 Years
This ad exchange-specific cookie synchronizes the Media Optimizer user ID with the partner's ad exchange platform and records the date.
everesttech.net / Adobe Marketing Cloud 2 Hours - 2 Years
This ad exchange-specific cookie synchronizes the Media Optimizer user ID with the partner's ad exchange platform and records the date. For more information, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.htmlTo opt-out, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
Omniture / Adobe Marketing Cloud
2 Years
These cookies are used to track site visitors by giving each visitor a unique visitor ID. Ideally, this is a persistent cookie with an extended expiration period.
For more information, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.htmlTo opt-out, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
Google Analytics
Permanent (10 Minutes and 2 Years)
They are used to anonymously monitor visitor behavior on the site for statistical survey purposes, as well as to allow Adc to optimize the site performance and offer a better browsing experience.
For more information, click on https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=enTo opt-out, click on https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Facebook
1 Week - 2 Years
Facebook products. These cookies help to serve and measure ads across different browsers and devices used by the same person. They also help you opt out of seeing ads from Facebook based on your activity on third-party websites.
For more information, click on https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950?helpref=faq_content https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950?helpref=faq_contentFor more information click on https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
Twitter
1 Week - 2 Years
These cookies collect data through a range of plug-ins and integration that is primarily used for tracking and targeting ads.
For more information and to opt-out, click on https://business.twitter.com/en/help/ads-policies/other-policy-requirements/interest-based-opt-out-policy.html
Profiling Cookies
Google DoubleClick
540 Days
These cookies are used to select online advertising messages based on what is pertinent to the visitor, in line with the information collected during browsing and to prevent the visitor from viewing previously displayed ads. Per the vendor, consent is requested for the use of these cookies.
For more information and to opt-out, click on https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
For further information, click on https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en
Facebook
90 Days
These cookies require consent and are used to select advertising messages in Facebook consistent with a user’s preferences and interests based on information collected during the browsing of a site. According to the vendor, these adverts are served using what they define as non-personally identifiable information.
For more information, click on https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950?helpref=faq_content
To opt-out, click on https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Adobe Marketing Cloud
2 Years
They are used to store unique visitor IDs used by Marketing Cloud Solutions. It tracks visitors across Adc’s different domains and enable data sharing among different Experience Cloud solutions and helps to personalize and improve the performance of the website.
For more information, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html
http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.htmlTo opt-out, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
Adobe Target
2 Years
These cookies are used for performance and statistics of marketing box content.
For more information, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.htmlTo opt-out, click on http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html
YouTube
9 Months - 2 Years
These are used by Google for storing user preferences and other purposes as set forth by the vendor.
For more information, click on https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies To opt-out, click on https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Oracle Eloqua
2 Years
They are used to store a unique Eloqua Customer ID (GUID) used to identify visitors on the site. Also, if a form is sent on the site, the information sent will be associated with the Eloqua cookie on the browser and will be used to personalize the communications and track the pages that are visited.
For more information click on https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy.html To opt-out, click on https://www.oracle.com/marketingcloud/opt-status.html
LinkedIn
1 Day - 1 Year
This cookies collect anonymous data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads.
For more information and to opt-out, click https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
Deletion of Cookies, Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures
You are free to set your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site. Please refer to your web browser’s or operating system’s website or “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your browser or operating system from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences.
Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. In addition, ADC’s system does not collect any information that can personally identify a specific individual based on their normal browsing activities. Rather, users must first openly provide individual information (e.g. through a Contact Us form submission) before there is any possibility of actual discrete tracking. To learn more about the use of cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to know your choices about not having this information used by certain service providers, please click http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ and https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/600424.
On your mobile device, you may also adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising.
Analytics.
ADC uses web analytics services including Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
These analytics services use cookies (text files placed on your computer) to help ADC understand how you use our website. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in: the United States (Adobe); and the U.S. and other countries (Google).
Google will use this information to provide data about your use of the website that allow creation of reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by either company.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. For German users, to opt out of Google Analytics tracking entirely, please visit the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
Additional Information for EU-based Users
Data protection regulations in Europe require ADC to disclose additional information regarding Personal Data collected from European users, and to limit ADC’s use of such information in specific ways. This section provides additional information applicable to European Personal Data, which may not apply to users in other geographies.
Legal Basis for Processing.
European Personal Data may only be processed by ADC where and to the extent that such processing is:
Necessary for the performance of a contract with you, such as:
To carry out ADC’s obligations with respect to any contractual agreements between us with respect to information, products, and services that you may request from ADC;
To process a job application; or
To fulfill any other agreements between us
Necessary for ADC to comply with a legal obligation, for example to meet our tax and accounting obligations.
Necessary to serve the legitimate business interests of ADC or a third party, where such use is consistent with the fundamental rights of individuals under European law, for example:
To provide you with effective customer service or technical support, such as where you have requested information from ADC;
To contact you with information regarding health and safety, applicable regulations, or stewardship of our products;
To improve the content, functionality, performance, security and usability of our website;
To notify you about changes to our business, products, services, or our website;
To conduct business transactions, including purchases and sales of Adc products, or business reorganizations including the sale, transfer, change in control or merger of ADC assets or businesses.
Subject to a valid consent you have freely provided and not withdrawn, such as opt-in consents allowing ASDC to place cookies on your computer or to use your contact information for promotional advertising.
Data Subject Rights.
European users of this website have the legal right to request ADC undertake specific actions with respect to their Personal Data, including:
The right to request access to your Personal Data, including the right to have ADC confirm if your Personal Data is being used by ADC;
The right to request access to your Personal Data, including the right to have ADC confirm if your Personal Data is being used by ADC;
The right to object to or restrict ADC’s use of your Personal Data, for example where such information is not accurate or no longer needed;
The right to have your Personal Data transferred from ADC to another party;
The right to not be subject to automated decision-making or profiling based on your Personal Data;
The right to withdraw any consent you have previously provided to ADC’s collection or use of your Personal Data; and
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Data Retention.
ADC will process and store your Personal Data for the duration of our relationship with you, which may be a long term, and as long as necessary to fulfill our contractual and legal obligations. ADC will delete your data:
When it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which that information was collected and processed;
Upon your request or objection, provided there are no overriding legal grounds requiring Adc to maintain that information;
When necessary to comply with ADC’s legal obligations; and
If our collection of information was based on your consent, upon the withdrawal of your consent
Any requests or inquiries relating to ADC’s handling of EU information may be made by contacting us.
How ADC May Use and Share Your Information
Subject to applicable local law, ADC may use the personal information we collect through our website for any legitimate and lawful business purpose, including but not limited to the following:
to provide products, information and services you request;
to provide you with effective customer service or technical support;
to contact you with information regarding health and safety, applicable regulations, or stewardship of our products;
to improve the content, functionality, performance and usability of our website;
to improve our marketing and promotional efforts;
to provide technical support and troubleshooting; and
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
for security, credit or fraud prevention purposes;
ADC may use or disclose aggregated or anonymized data about our users, if that information does not identify any individual, in ADC’s sole discretion.
ADC does not provide or sell your personal information to third parties.
Location of Information
ADC is a global organization with its corporate headquarters in the United States. Our servers, databases, and service providers are located in the United States and in other countries. Different countries have different privacy laws and requirements, and some, including the United States, may provide less legal protection for your personal information than others. If you object to the transfer of your information to the United States, please do not use ADC’s website or provide ADC with that information.
Children's Privacy
ADC’s website is not intended for children under 16 years of age, and ADC does not knowingly collect information from children to sell or promote our products or services. No one under the age of 16 may provide information to ADC on or through our website, and if we learn that we have received information from a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information.
ADC may host educational programs in science for students and teachers in our communities, but we do not invite minors to contact us or provide us with personal information. Visitors must be 18 years of age or older to submit registration or survey information. Parents or legal guardians may register to obtain information or participate in a survey on behalf of their children.
If you believe a child under the age of eighteen has sent personal contact information to ADC, please contact us immediately and we will use reasonable efforts to promptly remove that information from our systems.
Security
We take commercially reasonable precautions to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of your personal information. We urge users to be careful with personal information while using the Internet.
SSL Protection. ADC’s website, provides a secure connection between your computer and our server be established. We use an encryption technology called Secure Socket Layers (SSL). A secure connection is maintained until you leave the secure area of the site. Although we use SSL encryption to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information as it travels over the Internet, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet and we cannot guarantee the safety of transmitting personal information over the Internet.
External Links
Some of our websites may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are not under the control of or maintained by ADC. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by ADC of those websites, the content displayed, or the persons or entities associated with them. By visiting a linked website from an ADC website, you acknowledge that ADC is providing these links to you only as a convenience and you agree that ADC is not responsible for the content of such websites. External sites are governed by their own terms and policies and are not governed by ADC's Privacy Statement, Terms of Use, Accessibility Statement, or other terms and policies.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement and related business practices at any time by posting updated text on this site and updated effective date at the bottom of this page. As we add new features and functionality to our websites or ADC policies or applicable laws evolve, we may need to update or revise this Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to do so, at any time and without prior notice, by posting a revised version on our website. These changes will be effective as of the date we post a revised version on our website.
If we make changes to this Privacy Statement that materially change how we treat your personal data, we will make a reasonable effort to notify you promptly through reasonable means.
Your Choices
We respect your right to make choices about how you would like to interact with ADC and the extent of the personal information you choose to share with ADC. In some cases, we will ask you to indicate your choices at the time we collect your personal information. If you have previously agreed to receive email or marketing communications from ADC, you may "opt-out" at any time by using the unsubscribe feature included in the e-mails we send.
Access, Update or Correct Your Personal Information
If you have created an account or a personal profile on one of our websites, you may be able to access and update some or all of your personal information on your account settings or profile page. If you wish to access, update or correct other personal information, please contact us. We will contact you and may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. In most cases, we will update information as requested. In some cases, however, we may limit or deny your request if permitted or required by law or if we are unable to verify your identity.
Contact ADC
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices, you may contact us by phone at the numbers listed at https://www.andersondevelopment.com/contact-us. You may also contact us via email. You may also send postal correspondence to:
In the United States:
Anderson Development Company
1415 E. Michigan St.
Adrian, MI 49221
Effective Date: May 11, 2018
Contact us
Address: 1415 E Michigan Street Adrian, MI 49221
Phone: 517-263-2121
Email: sales@anddev.com
Our products
Select
Acrylic Resins
Urethane Elastomer Systems
Polyurethane Dispersions
Boron Compounds
Custom Toll Manufacturing
Newsletter sign up
Copyright © 2020 Anderson Development
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
Search