http://www.avallo.com/privacy-policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.avallo.com. It applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via one of our contact or request a quote forms, or any other direct contact from you. We will never sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than necessary to fulfill your request.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect Personal Information (information which can be used to identify an individual) such as:
Your name
Contact information (such as email, phone, and mailing address)
We may collect Personal Information when you choose to provide us through the payment form, as well as through other sources, such as joint marketing partners; social media platforms; from people with whom you are friends or otherwise connected on social media platforms, and from other third parties.
How We Use Personal Information
We primarily use this information to:
Fulfill your requests and respond to your questions
Send administrative information to you, such as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
Prevent fraud and enforce our policies
Retention Period
We will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
How We Use Cookies:
"Cookies" are small pieces of information created by websites that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can help a website recognize a previous visitor and remember any preferences that may have been set during earlier visits. Cookies can securely store a user's profile, personalize your use of our services and help us understand the types of resources you're interested in.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Data Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information as it is transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Sensitive Information
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Information social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Platform.
Refunds and Return Policy
Once a down payment is made and contract is signed for any website development services, no refund will be given. Contract may be cancelled if agreement is reached between two parties. Rights to website code, content, and design will not be transferred until website is paid in full.
Unused monthly hosting charges will be credited if website is moved to a new server and/or removed from our servers before the prepaid year is complete.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy at any time by posting an updated privacy policy.
Questions and Concerns?
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact Julie Hamilton at 763-488-1630.
Contact Us
We are located at
8627 Vagabond Lane N.,
Maple Grove,
MN
55311
Feel free to give us a call at 763-488-1630 or use our contact form.
Contact
First & Last Name:
Email:
Phone:
Describe Project:
Validation:
Submit
About
Mission & Core ValuesOur HistoryMeet The Avallo TeamOur ProcessGiving Back
Services
Website DevelopmentCustom Web ApplicationsMobile AppsAdvertising & Social MediaBranding and DesignSearch Engine OptimizationWeb Hosting
Featured Projects
Custom WebsitesTransit WebsitesGovernment WebsitesWeb ApplicationsE-Commerce
Industries
Government AgenciesSenior MarketingManufacturers & DistributorsNonprofitsGaming and Casino MarketingNetworking Partners
Search:
Go
Add Us On Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
Add Us On Google Plus
Connect With Us On Linked-In
RSS Feed
Signup for our Newsletter
© 2018 Avallo Web Development
All Rights Reserved
763-488-1630
Site Map | Privacy Policy
Pay Online
We Accept Visa
We Accept Mastercard
We Accept American Express
Powered By: Avallo CMS