http://www.crmdirectory.com/privacy-statement/
CRM Directory Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement for CRMDirectory.com
We at CRMDirectory.com and Creative Design Concepts, have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: CRMDirectory.com.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the customer when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
This site contains links to other sites. CRMDirectory.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
We do not share customer and visitor information with any third party source, or partner. We never sell or otherwise make available your information for any reason.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor’s contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. The customer’s contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to optout [at] crmdirectory.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
Users can log into their user profile and make changes to their information at any time.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us using the contact form here
Other DirectoriesERPDirectory
SCMDirectory
POSDirectory
PSADirectory
OUR SPONSOR Latest CRM Blog EntriesScribe AX Adapter Source Query Error – Wrong SQL Query with Scribe TablePageingConnecting Scribe Online to Flat Files as a sourceHelp Icon not working in Dynamics CRM 2011 On-Prem when Load BalancingEmail body content missing when migrating emails to Dynamics CRM 2011 using Scribe InsightUsing Scribe DTS Parameters to drive your Dynamics CRM to Dynamics AX IntegrationAdvertisement Popular ArticlesHow to Make the Most of Your Loyalty Program MembersWhat is CRM?About CRM DirectorySales and Marketing Guru Keith Ferrazzi Joins Forces with SalesGene to Build Sales Workstyle ManagemEmpirix Wins 2006 CRM Excellence Award for Hammer Siebel Testing SolutionOUR SPONSORS
OFFERS FOR YOU 7000+ Project Management and Business Templates, Plans, Tools, Forms and Guides
Click Here!