http://www.sdssecurity.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Book a FREE Site Survey
Click here to book now
Or Request a Callback
Or Call Us On:
020 7326 8787
Introduction
We understand that privacy and security of your personal information is extremely important and we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines our obligations & requirements. Furthermore, the way we process, store and protect user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
This policy covers all mediums through which we may collect your personal data.
Your personal data – what is it?
Personal data relates to a living individual who can be identified from that data. Identification can be by the information alone or in conjunction with any other information in the data controller’s possession or likely to come into such possession. The processing of personal data is governed by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679, as adopted into law of the United Kingdom in the Data Protection Act 2018.
Who are we?
SDS SECURITY Ltd, The Old Print House, 173 Northcote Road, London, SW11 6QE is the data controller. This means it decides how your personal data is processed and for what purposes.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
1. Information that you provide to us such as your name, address, date of birth, telephone number, email address, bank account and payment card details and any feedback you give to us, including by phone, email, post, meetings or when you communicate with us via social media;
2. Information about the Services that we provide to you (including for example, the things we have provided to you, when and where, what you paid, the way you use our products and Services, and so on);
3. Information if you visit one of our offices (including for example visual images collected via closed circuit television (CCTV));
4. Information you may provide us about other people (including for example, property agents, tenants, family members, key holders and so on);
5. Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our website.
6. Any other information that you choose to send to us.
Where you provide information about other people to us (including for example, name, telephone number) you are confirming by submitting said information that you have the permission of the third party to do so and that the information provided is accurate to the best of your knowledge.
How do we process your personal data
We comply with our obligations by keeping personal data up to date; by storing and destroying it securely; by not collecting or retaining excessive amounts of data; by protecting personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access and disclosure and by ensuring that appropriate technical measures are in place to protect personal data.
We use your personal data for the following purposes: –
1. Provide services and fulfil our contracts;
2. Deal with any of your transactions;
3. Meet compliance obligations;
4. Take payment from you or give you a refund;
5. Website administration;
6. For internal operational requirements;
7. Manage our relationship with you.
Legal basis of processing
Personal information is processed on the following legal grounds:
1. The performance of a contract with our customers and suppliers.
2. The legitimate interests of the company, which are our usual business activities.
How long do we keep your data for?
We keep your personal data for no longer than reasonably necessary. The retention periods can differ based on the type of data processed, the purpose of processing or other factors.
In general we hold your personal data on our systems for as long as you are a customer and for as long afterwards as it is in our legitimate interest to do so or for as long as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
Sharing your information
We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where required to do so by law or as set out below.
We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, agents and subcontractors to us for the purposes of completing tasks and providing services to you on our behalf. However, we disclose only the personal data that is necessary for the third party to deliver the service and we have a contract in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own purposes.
Your rights and your personal data
Unless subject to an exemption, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: –
1. The right to request a copy of your personal data that we hold about you;
2. The right to request that we correct any personal data if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date;
3. The right to request your personal data is erased where it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data;
4. The right to request that we provide you (the data subject) with his/her personal data and where possible, to transmit that data directly to another data controller (where applicable).
5. The right, where there is a dispute in relation to the accuracy or processing of your personal data, to request a restriction is placed on further processing;
6. The right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office.
Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identify before we reveal information to you.
Further processing
If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, not covered by this Data Protection Notice, then we will provide you with a new notice explaining this new use prior to commencing the processing and setting out the relevant purposes and processing conditions. Where and whenever necessary, we will seek your prior consent to the new processing.
Website and use of cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computer’s hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
For more information see aboutcookies.org website (www.aboutcookies.org).
What do we use cookies for?
We may use cookies to remember personal settings you have chosen at our website. In no other context do we use cookies to collect information that identifies you personally. Most of the cookies we set are automatically deleted from your computer when you leave our website or shortly afterwards. A full list of the cookies used on our website and what these are used for is below.
1. We use anonymous session cookies (short-term cookies that disappear when you close your browser) to help you navigate the website and make the most of the features.
2. We use tracking software to monitor our site’s visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
3. We use session recording software provided by Hotjar to track unique visitors to our site (set for one year). This is achieved by each visitor being assigned a unique user identifier (UUID).
4. We use third party platform providers (such as Facebook, Google. LinkedIn and Twitter) to serve targeted advertising to you via the relevant third party platform based on your visit to sdssecurity.co.uk and other sites on the Internet. The software will save a cookie to your computer’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. These third party platform providers have their own privacy policy which is independent of our own.
Should you wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website onto your computer hard drive, you should take necessary steps within your web browser’s security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors (see the ‘Help’ menu of your browser to find out how to do this). You are also able to opt out of Google Analytics Cookies and Hotjar Cookies by following these links. If however you do not allow us to collect information in this way you may find our website less user friendly and more difficult to use.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 10 May 2018.
How to contact us
To exercise all relevant rights, queries of complaints please in the first instance contact by email to accounts@sdssecurity.co.uk, or write to us at:SDS SECURITY Ltd The Old Print House, 173 Northcote Road, London, SW11 6QE
You can contact the Information Commissioners Office on 0303 123 1113 or via email https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/ or at the Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire. SK9 5AF.
Why SDS Security
Free Property Security Survey from an experienced surveyorNSI Gold accredited for 23 consecutive yearsOver 30 years experience in installation and maintenanceKent and London-based fitting/maintenance teamsSMS alerts or 24/7 security monitoring with police and keyholder notificationsAll staff are police checked for complete peace of mind
Looking for Pricing?
Click here to find out why we can't display pricing
Book Your FREE Site Survey
Your Name (required)
Preferred Contact Method
EmailTelephone
Your Email Address
Your Telephone Number
Company (optional)
Your Message
CLOSE
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you