http://www.mero.com/privacy-policy
MENU
Home
Overview
Projects
Designer Assist
Systems
Structural Systems
Tensile Systems
Membrane Systems
Glazing Systems
People
Contact
Data Privacy Policy
Our website may be used without entering personal information. However, different rules may apply to certain services on our site where we collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.). Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider. Please be aware that data transfer via the internet is subject to security risks and, therefore, complete protection against third-party access to transferred data cannot be ensured.
Our services are not addressed to young people under the age of 16.
Server Data
For technical reasons, your internet browser transmits to us or to our web provider (server log files), data such as – type and version of the browser you use – operating system – websites that linked you to our site (referrer URL) – pages that you visit – date and time of your visit – your Internet Protocol (IP) address. This anonymous data is collected and stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes to improve services and our websites functionality, and security and as such the basis for storage per Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
The data will be deleted within no more than seven days, unless continued storage is required for evidentiary purposes. In which case, all or part of the data will be excluded from deletion until the investigation of the relevant incident is finally resolved.
Cookies
Our website makes use of cookies to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website services and to expedite your access. In most cases these “session cookies” are deleted once you leave our website. You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website. Our interest lies in improving the functionality of our website and is the basis under Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR.
Contacting Us
On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us, either by email and/or by using a contact form. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred or sold to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b) GDPR.
Your data will be deleted once we have fully answered your inquiry and there is no further legal obligation to store your data, such as if an order or contract resulted therefrom.
Publication of Vacancy Announcements / Job Applications
We electronically collect and process your application data for the purpose of completing the application process.
The legal basis for this processing is §26 Para. 1 S. 1 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 Para. 1 GDPR.
If your application results in the conclusion of an employment contract, the data collected from you may be stored in your personnel file for purposes of normal organizational and administrative processes in compliance with appropriate legal requirements.
The legal basis for this processing is §26 Para. 1 S. 1 BDSG in conjunction with Art. 88 Para. 1 GDPR.
Upon rejection of your application, data you have provided is deleted within two months. This does not apply in such instances where, due to legal requirements (such as any burden of proof obligations stipulated by law) a longer storage period is necessitated.
In this case, the legal basis is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR and §24 Para. 1 No. 2 BDSG. Our legitimate interest lies in any legal defense we may have to mount.
Newsletter
Our website offers you the opportunity to subscribe to a newsletter. To receive the newsletter, we require a valid email address. We may review the email address you provide for the purpose of determining whether you are in fact the owner of the email address provided. The data collected is used solely for the purpose of receiving a newsletter. None of this information matched to any information that other components of our website may collect. You may cancel your subscription to the newsletter at any time by unsubscribing or notifying us
The legal basis for this is Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR and Art. 7 Para. 3 GDPR with future effect.
The rights of users and data subjects
With regard to the data processing users and data subjects have the right
to confirmation of whether data concerning them is being processed, information about the data being processed, further information about the nature of the data processing, and copies of the data (cf. also Art. 15 GDPR);
to correct or complete incorrect or incomplete data (cf. also Art. 16 GDPR);
to the immediate deletion of data concerning them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary as stipulated in Art. 17 Para. 3 GDPR, to restrict said processing per Art. 18 GDPR;
to receive copies of the data concerning them and/or provided by them and to have the same transmitted to other providers/controllers (cf. also Art. 20 GDPR);
to file complaints with the supervisory authority if they believe that data concerning them is being processed by the controller in breach of data protection provisions (see also Art. 77 GDPR).
Likewise, under Art. 21 GDPR, users and data subjects have the right to object to the controller’s future processing of their data pursuant to Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct advertising is permissible.