http://www.fane-acoustics.com/privacy-policy
Now With FREE SHIPPING For UK Customers
Privacy Policy \\
CONTENTSIntroductionDefinitionsRelevant LegislationOur Privacy PrinciplesWhat information do we collect?How do we use your information?Information provide to us by third partiesThird Party Data ProcessorsHow will information be shared?How long do we retain information?How do we protect and store your information?Data Breach and Fair Information PracticesCookies and Tracking TechnologyIntegrated and Third Party ContentMailchimp Emailing ServiceControlling information about you INTRODUCTIONFane Pro Audio are committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy relates to our use of any personal information we collect from you directly, or indirectly via third party data providers, covering individuals who:Visit our website www.fane-acoustics.comUse our products and services.Register on our site.Place an order.Subscribe to our newsletter.Respond to a survey or fill out a form.Provide feedback or enter product reviews.Using multimedia messaging, email or telephone services to contact us.Attend or register to attend our events (including online events) or other events which Fane participates.Are provided to us as part of third party data for inclusion in our future marketing campaigns.Supply products or services to Fane Pro Audio.Have applied to work for Fane Acoustics, or are current or former employees of Fane Acoustics, or have contracted to work for or on behalf of Fane Acoustics.We gather and use certain information about individuals in order to provide products and services and to enable certain functions on this website. We also collect information to better understand how visitors use this website and to present timely, relevant information to them. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and protect or otherwise handle your information in accordance with our website.This Privacy Policy is updated from time to time. We will not explicitly inform our clients or website users of these changes. Instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally for any policy changes.This policy was last updated on: Tuesday 22nd May 2018 ^ Back to Top1. DEFINITIONSWhen we say “we”, ”us”, “our”, “the company”, “Fane”, "Fane Acoustics" we are referring to;Fane Acoustics which is brand name of Fane International Limited. Sovereign House, Gilcar Way, Wakefield Europort, Castleford, West Yorkshire, WF10 5QSUnited KingdomTel: +44 (0)1924 224618. Registered in England No. 4805351.and its website https://www.fane-acoustics.com By “Your information”, “your personal data”, ”Your data”, we mean any information about you that you or third parties provide us with.If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please email info@fane-acoustics.com ^ Back to Top2. RELEVANT LEGISLATIONAlong with our business and internal computer systems, this website is designed to comply with the following national and international legislation with regards to data protection and user privacy:UK Data Protection Act 1988 (DPA)EU Data Protection Directive 1995 (DPD)EU General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR)This site’s compliance with the above legislation, all of which are stringent in nature, means that this site is likely compliant with the data protection and user privacy legislation set out by many other countries and territories as well. If you are unsure if this site is compliant with your own country of residence specific data protection and user privacy legislation you should contact us by email to info@fane-acoustics.com. ^ Back to Top3. OUR PRIVACY PRINCIPLESWe will only collect and use your information where we have lawful grounds and legitimate business reasons to do soWe may disclose information we hold about you to third parties for the purpose of providing services you have requested, as part of the process of sale, or where legitimately requested for legal or regulatory purposes, as part of legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.We will not sell, rent or share your personal information, with or to any third parties for marketing purposes without your express permission.We will be transparent in our dealings with you and will tell you about how we will collect and use your information.If we have collected your information for a particular purpose, we will not use it for anything else unless you have been informed and, where relevant, your permission obtained.We will not ask for more information than we need for the purposes for which we are collecting it.We will update our records when you inform us that your details have changed.We will continue to review and assess the quality of our information.We will implement and adhere to information retention policies relating to your information, and will ensure that your information is securely disposed of at the end of the appropriate retention period.We will observe the rights granted to you under applicable privacy and data protection laws, and will ensure that queries relating to privacy issues are promptly and transparently dealt with.We will train our staff on their privacy obligations.We will ensure we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect your information regardless of where it’s held.We will ensure that when we outsource any processes, the supplier has appropriate security measures in place and will contractually require them to comply with these Privacy Principles.We will ensure that suitable safeguards are in place before personal information is transferred to other countries and locations. ^ Back to Top4. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?Collecting user data helps us understand what you are looking for from Fane, enabling us to deliver improved products and services. We may collect the following information that you provide to us;NameEmail addressPostal addressJob TitleLocationTelephone number or multimedia messaging contact detailsOther details to help you with your experience or purchase.Employment history, education history, details of referees, date of birth, national insurance number, marital status and other information necessary for the management of employment with Fane, former employees and employment applicants.Questions, queries or feedback you leave when contacting us.Information from third parties. (See section 6)Please Note: All payment transactions are processed through a gateway provider and no transaction information is stored or processed on our servers. ^ Back to Top5. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?If we have collected your information for a particular purpose, we will not use it for anything else unless you have been informed and, where relevant, your permission obtainedSpecifically, we may use data to:Personalise your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.Improve our website in order to better serve you.Allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.Carry out obligations arising from being a registered user of our product and services.Carry out obligations arising from you providing us products or services.Send you personalised communications which you have requested or may be of interest to you.These may include information about webinars, events, surveys, product and service developments, promotions of our associated brands products and services.Administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site features.Quickly process your transactions.Ask for ratings and reviews of services or products..Follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).Enable us to employ, pay and manage your work.Complete employment interview processes. We will use your personal information to communicate with you, complete background checks where permitted by law and manage you application through the interview selection process.Comply with applicable tax, employment and health and safety laws.Fane uses automated decision making and profiling to personalise and ensure the communications are relevant to you, with no significant effect on you or your rights. ^ Back to Top6. INFORMATION PROVIDED TO US BY THIRD PARTIESWhen someone visits our site v we use third party services, to collect details of website traffic and visitor information. This includes browser type, internet service provider, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, information you search for, locale and language preferences, identification numbers associated with your devices, your mobile carrier, and system configuration information. For full detailed information about the use of cookies on our website, please see section 12.We use the website traffic and visitor information to improve our understanding of the use of the Fane website and in order to determine what Fane products and pages are the most popular. This data is also used to deliver customised content and advertising within the Fane website to individuals whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.6.1 THIRD PARTY LINKSOccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. ^ Back to Top7. THIRD PARTY DATA PROCESSORSWe use a number of third parties to process personal data on our behalf. These third parties have been carefully chosen and all of them comply with the legislation set out in section 2. Where third parties listed below are based in the USA, they have been certified as EU-U.S Privacy Shield compliant.Google (Privacy policy)Mailchimp (Privacy policy)World Pay (Privacy policy)Pay Pal (Privacy policy)Iomart - Website Host (Privacy policy)  ^ Back to Top8. HOW WILL INFORMATION BE SHARED?We share information, including personal information, with our third-party service providers that we use to provide hosting and maintenance of our websites, event management, customer relationship management, payment processing, support, accounts, analytics and other services for us. We do not permit our third party service providers to use the personal information that we share with them for marketing purposes or for any other purpose than in connection with the services they provide to us.To facilitate these services personal information we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA), in order to conduct our business operations. In such cases a data processing agreement will be in place with the data processors and third parties to ensure your personal information is processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act.Fane does not sell, rent or lease personal information to third parties.We will in certain circumstances however, disclose your personal information, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:Conform to the law or comply with legal process served on FaneProtect and defend the rights or property of FaneAct under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Fane or the public ^ Back to Top9. HOW LONG WILL YOU RETAIN INFORMATION?Processing and retention of your personal information will be for as long as is needed to provide you with the products and services you are using or to comply with our legal obligations. Information used for our own marketing purposes will be retained whilst accurate. Communications will be reduced once no-activity is identified and any personal information erased if there is no engagement (response to campaigns) after 7 years from the initial receipt of data. ^ Back to Top10. HOW DO WE PROTECT AND STORE YOUR INFORMATION?Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security vulnerabilities, malware and known threats in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. When submitting an order, product review or creating an account on this website, some personal information such as name, postal address, email and purchase history will be stored within the website’s database.We implement a variety of security technologies and procedures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Contained behind secured networks, information is only accessible by a limited number of authorised persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Ensure you are connecting to our website securely using encryption over HTTPS. Once in receipt if any information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. Fane ensures personal information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, when transmitted to other web sites. ^ Back to Top11. DATA BREACH AND FAIR INFORMATION PRACTICESWe will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen. Affected users will be notified via email and in-site notification within 72 Hours. ^ Back to Top12. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGYCookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.Keep track of advertisements.Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify / disable your cookies.One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set (see ‘Essential site cookie’ below). You may delete and block all cookies from this site, but parts of the site may not work. CookieNamePurposeMore informationEssential site cookieASP.NET_SessionIdThis cookie is essential for the site to operate and is set upon your arrival to the site. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.Visit the Microsoft websiteGoogle Analytics_utma _utmb _utmc _utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.Click here for an overview of privacy at GoogleICO site cookie acceptanceFaneICOThis cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on the ICO website. Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.12.1 GOOGLEGoogle's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=enWe use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:Remarketing with Google AdSenseGoogle Display Network Impression ReportingDemographics and Interests ReportingDoubleClick Platform IntegrationWe, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.12.2 GOOGLE ANALYTICSWe use the Google Analytics service from Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”) to analyze our website visitors. Google uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the use of the online product or service by users is generally transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of our online products and services by users, to compile reports on the activities within these online products and services and to provide us with further services associated with the use of these online products and services and the use of the internet.Pseudonymous user profiles can be created from the processed data. We use Google Analytics only with IP anonymization enabled. This means that Google will truncate the IP address of users within Member States of the European Union or in other states that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP address transmitted by the user’s browser is not merged with other Google data. Users can prevent cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings to their browser software accordingly.Users can prevent the collection of data generated by cookies by downloading and installing the browser plug-in that is available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.If you visit our website using a mobile device, you can deactivate Google Analytics by clicking on the following link: Click here.Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active).12.3 GOOGLE MARKETING SERVICESOn our website we use the marketing and remarketing services of Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”). These services allow us to display advertisements in a more targeted manner in order to present advertisements of interest to users.Through remarketing ads and products are displayed to users relating to an interest established by activity on other websites within the Google Network. For these purposes, a code is used by Google when our website is accessed and what are referred to as (re)marketing tags are incorporated into the website. With their help, an individual cookie, i.e. a small file, is stored on the user’s device (comparable technologies may also be used instead of cookies). Cookies can be set by various domains, including google.com, doubleclick.net, invitemedia.com, admeld.com, googlesyndication.com or googleadservices.com. This file records which apps users have visited, which content they are interested in and which offers have been used. In addition, technical information about the browser and operating system, referring websites, the length of the visit as well as any additional data about the use of the online products and services are stored. The IP address of users is also recorded, although we would like inform you that within the framework of Google Analytics, IP addresses within Member States of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area are truncated.All user data will only be processed as pseudonymous data. Google does not store any names or e-mail addresses. All displayed ads are therefore not displayed specifically for a person, but for the owner of the cookie. This information is collected by Google and transmitted to and stored by servers in the USA.One of the Google marketing services we use is the online advertising program Google AdWords. In the case of Google AdWords, each AdWords customer receives a different conversion cookie. Cookies can therefore not be tracked through the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected by the cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. AdWords customers see the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that personally identifies users.We may include third-party advertisements based on the Google Marketing Service called DoubleClick. DoubleClick uses cookies to enable Google and its partner websites to place ads based on users’ visits to this website or other websites on the Internet.Google services make use of Google’s Tag Manager. For more information about Google’s use of data for marketing purposes, please see the summary page: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads, Google’s privacy policy is available at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy.If you wish to object to interest-based advertising by Google marketing services, you can do so using the settings and opt-out options provided by Google: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences.Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees its compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active).12.4 FACEBOOK (VISITOR ACTION PIXEL)We use the “visitor action pixels” from Facebook Inc (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA, or, if you are based in the EU, Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (“Facebook”)) on our website.This allows user behaviour to be tracked after they have been redirected to the provider’s website by clicking on a Facebook ad. This enables us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes. The data collected in this way is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. However, this data is stored and processed by Facebook, which is why we are informing you, based on our knowledge of the situation. Facebook may link this information to your Facebook account and also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook’s Data Usage Policy https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. You can allow Facebook and its partners to place ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.You can object to the collection of your data by Facebook pixel, or to the use of your data for the purpose of displaying Facebook ads by contacting the following address: https://www.facebook.com/settings?tab=ads.Facebook is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000GnywAAC&status=Active). ^ Back to Top 13. INTEGRATED SERVICES AND THIRD PARTY CONTENTWe use services and content provided by third parties on our website (hereinafter collectively referred to as “content”). For this kind of integration, it is technically necessary to process your IP address so that the content can be sent to your browser. Your IP address will therefore be transmitted to the respective third party provider.In each case, this data processing is carried out to safeguard our legitimate interests in the optimization and the commercial operations of our website.The Java programming language is regularly used to integrate content. Therefore, you can object to data processing by deactivating Java operations in your browser.We have integrated contents from Google LLC (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; “Google”) into our website:“Google Maps” for displaying maps;“Google Web Fonts” for using Google’s fonts;“YouTube” for displaying videos.Google is certified under the Privacy Shield Agreement and thus guarantees compliance with European data protection legislation (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI&status=Active). ^ Back to Top14. USE OF THE “MAILCHIMP” EMAILING SERVICEThe mailing list email campaigns are sent out using “MailChimp”, a newsletter mailing platform operated by US provider Rocket Science Group, LLC, 675 Ponce De Leon Ave NE #5000, Atlanta, GA 30308, USA. The e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients and their other data described in these notes are stored on the servers of MailChimp in the USA. MailChimp uses this information for mailing and evaluating the newsletter on our behalf.Email newsletters contain a “web beacon”, i.e. a pixel-sized file that is called by the MailChimp server when the newsletter is opened. This call initially involves only technical information, such as information about the browser and your system, as well as your IP address and date stamp. This information is used for technical improvements in the services on the basis of the technical data or the target groups and their reading behaviour on the basis of the locations (that can be determined using the IP address) or the access times. The statistical analyses also include the ascertainment of whether the newsletters are opened, when they are opened and which links are clicked. Although for technical reasons this information can be linked to the individual newsletter recipients, it is neither our intention nor that of MailChimp to observe individual users. The evaluations are intended to help us identify the reading habits of our users and to tailor our contents to them, or to send out different contents according to the interests of our users.Furthermore MailChimp can, according to its own information, use this data to optimise or improve its own services, e.g. for technical optimisation of the mailing process or the presentation of the newsletter or for economic purposes to determine the countries in which the recipients are located. However, MailChimp does not use the data relating to our newsletter recipients to write to them directly or to pass on this information to third parties. We trust in the reliability and the IT and data security of MailChimp. MailChimp is certified under the US-EU data protection agreement “Privacy Shield” and thus undertakes to observe EU data protection regulations. Furthermore, we have concluded a “data processing agreement” with MailChimp. This is a contract in which MailChimp undertakes to protect the data of our users, to process it on our behalf in accordance with its own data protection policy and, in particular, not to pass it on to third parties. The MailChimp data protection policy can be viewed here. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at info@fane-acoustics.com or follow the instructions at the footer of each email.We do not specifically market to children under 16. If you are under 16 years of age you MUST obtain parental consent before joining our email newsletter. ^ Back to Top 15. CONTROLLING INFORMATION ABOUT YOUYou have the right to access, rectify and delete information we hold about you at any time free of charge, you can exercise this right by emailing; info@fane-acoustics.comIf you have agreed via 'opt-in' that we can use your information for marketing purposes, you have a right to unsubscribe at any time by clicking ‘unsubscribe’ at the bottom of any one of our emails or contacting info@fane-acoustics.comWe will never lease, distribute or sell your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or the law requires us to.Any personal information we hold about you is stored securely and processed under our data protection policy, in line with the Data Protection Act 1998, and GDPR.Our website may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control of websites outside the www.fane-acoustics.com domain. If you provide information to a website to which we link, we are not responsible for its protection and privacy.Always be wary when submitting data to websites. Read the site’s data protection and privacy policies fully.Under the GDPR your individual rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;the right to be informed;the right of access;the right to rectification;the right to erasure;the right to restrict processing;the right to data portability;the right to object; andthe right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR. ^ Back to Top
GDPR Request Form
If you would like to submit a request for a copy of your information held or your data to be removed fromo this website, please use the form below. A member of staff will contact you shortly.
Please Choose
Request Right To Access
Request To Be Forgotten
Your full name
Your contact number
Your email address
Use of Cookies
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Essential site cookie
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie is essential for the site to operate and is set upon your arrival to the site. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
Visit the Microsoft website
Google Analytics
_utma _utmb _utmc _utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
ICO site cookie acceptance
*ICO
This cookie is used to record if a user has accepted the use of cookies on the ICO website.
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
NEWLETTER SUBSCRIBE
Accessibility | Privacy Policy | Terms | Site Map
©2015 Fane International Limited. All rights Reserved.
Site developed by Edoru web design Wakefield