http://www.directrecovery.com/privacy/
Skip to contentDirect Recovery Associates, Inc. Statement of Privacy Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. Statement of PrivacyRichard Hart2018-03-14T04:22:01-06:00This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website? When submitting an account for collection or filling out a form on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information? We collect information from you when you submit an account for collection, fill out a form or enter information on our site.How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect when you visit the website or use certain other site features in the following ways:To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)How do we protect visitor information? We never ask for credit card numbers and we use regular Malware Scanning.Do we use ‘cookies’? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. This website uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties.We use cookies to:Keep track of advertisements.Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.Serve targeted ads to you on other websites.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you disable cookies off, it won’t affect the user’s experience.Opting Out Of Targeted Advertising If you wish to opt out of targeted advertising, visit http://www.aboutads.info/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . Those in Europe can visit http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ .Third-party disclosure We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.California Online Privacy Protection Act CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can be easily be found on the page specified above.Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:On our Privacy Policy PageUsers are able to change their personal information:By emailing usBy calling usHow does our site handle do not track signals? We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking? We allow third-party behavioral tracking.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act) When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under 13.Fair Information Practices The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur: We will notify the affected users within 7 business daysWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN-SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:Respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.To be in accordance with CAN-SPAM we agree to the following:NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.Allow users to unsubscribe by contacting us and asking to be removed from email marketing lists.Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. Web site and governs data collection and usage at all Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Please read the Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. Statement of Privacy. Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy.Collection of your Personal InformationAs an E-commerce Web site, Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. Web site.Use of your Personal InformationDirect Recovery Associates, Inc. and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. and its affiliates. Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Direct Recovery Associates, Inc., including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. or the public.Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.Control your Personal InformationDirect Recovery Associates, Inc. offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may go notify us of your preferences by emailing email[AT] directrecovery.com. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.Security of your Personal InformationDirect Recovery Associates, Inc. is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.Changes to this StatementDirect Recovery Associates, Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. will use your personal information, Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Direct Recovery Associates, Inc. is protecting your information.Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.Direct Recovery Associates 5706 Corsa Avenue, Suite 200 Westlake Village, CA 91362 USAemail [AT] directrecovery.com 818-874-0011Last Edited on 2016-06-21Are you Ready to Take the First Step?Call Now 800.200.2442Or click the button on the right to send us your accountSEND US AN ACCOUNT