https://www.rectanglehealth.com/index.php/about-rectangle/company-info/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy Privacy PolicyLet’s Get StartedRetriever Medical / Dental Payments, Inc.Website Privacy PolicyLast Updated: 6.18.2020Retriever Medical/Dental Payments, LLC., d/b/a Rectangle Health (“Rectangle”) has developed this Privacy Policy (the “Policy“) to disclose our policies and practices with respect to the personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) and other information that is collected through our website at http://www.rectanglehealth.com (“Website“).Information Collection: When you interact with us through the Website, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:Personal Data That You Provide: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you register for access to certain products and services and when you use certain services available through the Website. For the purposes of this Policy, “Personal Data” does not include anonymized aggregate or statistical information which does not personally identify you. To the extent a combination of Personal Data and other information we obtain from third parties (which is generally not subject to this Policy) can be used to identify you, we will treat such combination as Personal Data subject to this Policy.Please note this Policy applies only to the Website and does not apply to communications through other channels such as email, instant message, or through social media networks, even if you open such programs or services by clicking a link displayed on the Website. Email, social media, and instant messages are not recognized as secure communication forms. Please do not send any information you consider private to us by email or instant message or through social media sites (e.g., Twitter, Facebook, etc.) due to the public nature of such postings.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA): Our Website is intended for users who are over 18 years of age and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13.Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with Rectangle through the Website, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you.Rectangle may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by our service providers. We may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of Website users. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Website, Rectangle may conduct research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregate data with our service provider and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Rectangle may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons: Our Website may use cookies or other similar technologies to help us deliver content specific to your interests, to process your inquiries or requests, and/or to analyze information about your use of our Website. If you want to disable the use of cookies or remove them at any time from your computer, you can disable or delete them using your browser (consult your browser’s “help” menu to learn how to delete cookies), however you must enable cookies to access certain information on the Website. We may also collect data by using “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively, “pixel tags“) that allow us to know when you visit the Website. Through pixel tags, we obtain non-personal information which can be used to enhance your experience on our Website and analyze the use of our Website.Data Analytics: We may allow third party service providers to use cookies or similar technologies to collect information about your browsing activities over time and across different websites following your use of the Website. For example, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the Website and enhance your experience when you use the Application. For more information on how Google uses this data, go to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information: Rectangle uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. For instance, if you provide us with Personal Data in order to register for the services available on the Website we will use the Personal Data to process your registration. We may use the information we receive to customize your visit to our Website and to design products and services that meet your needs. We may also use the information to communicate with you by e-mail and other means.Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information: There are certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: We may use third-party entities in the ordinary course of business, and therefore we may provide some of your Personal Data directly to them in certain circumstances without further notice to you. In addition, we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing customer service. Unless we inform you otherwise, third party entities engaged by Rectangle for these purposes will be limited to using Personal Data solely to perform services for Rectangle.Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.Legal Requirements: Rectangle may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Rectangle’s rights or property or other users of our Website, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Rectangle may also disclose user information in response to a subpoena, court order, governmental demand and/or when we believe in good faith that the law requires the disclosure. We may exchange Personal Data with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction.Consent: We also share Personal Data about you to other companies and individuals when we have your consent.Third Party Websites: This Website may contain links to other third-party websites. We do not control the data collection and use practices or privacy policies of these third-party sites. You should review the privacy policy of each third-party web site before providing any information to such website.Security: Information security is critical to our business. Accordingly, Rectangle takes reasonable steps to protect your privacy. We seek to protect the security of your Personal Data and other information during transmission. We store information gathered on secure servers located in a locked data center. The number of employees involved in the management of the data center that have physical access to these servers is limited. We use firewalls and other security technology to prevent our servers from being accessed by unauthorized persons.Employee access to customer information is limited only to those employees who need the information in order to service our customers. We have educated our employees so they understand the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy, and they have been trained to adhere to appropriate security measures. Nonetheless, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Data will always remain private. We employ various security techniques to safeguard such data from unauthorized access. On the Internet, however, there is no such thing as “100% security,” and in particular, email sent to us may not be secure.Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Rectangle via the Internet.Data Retention Policy: Our normal retention policy is that we retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Note that if we update the information we have on file for you upon your request or if we allow you to do so yourself through the Website, we cannot guarantee that older versions of that information (including outdated or inaccurate versions) will not remain on our systems, including in our backups and archives.Updating Information and Opting Out: We respect your choice of how your information is used and shared. We will use reasonable efforts to provide you with access to your personally identifiable information that we have on file for you upon request, so that you may correct, amend, or delete any inaccurate information, and we will accept requests from you via email to update your information. In addition, If you do not want us to use or share your information for marketing purposes or to inform you about products and services that may be of interest to you, you may notify us by email (or by selecting or deselecting appropriate options presented to you when we collect your information, if such option is provided). We comply with the federal CAN- SPAM Act and you can always opt out of receiving further email correspondence from us in accordance with the law.Location of Services: We are Located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States while accessing the Website (including without limitation if you are located in the European Union), please be advised that your information will be transmitted into the United States and may be stored and processed in the United States (or elsewhere where we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities). You consent to this transfer and represent and warrant to us that you have the right to disseminate your information outside of the country where you are located. We protect the privacy and security of personally identifiable information according to this Policy regardless of where it is processed or stored. We do not warrantcompliance with any laws or regulations of any other country or jurisdiction (including without limitation the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation). If you do not consent to having your information processed and stored in the United States, please do not provide it to us.California Privacy Rights. Under California law, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information that we share with third parties for marketing purposes, as well as the names and addresses of such third parties to whom we have disclosed their personal information in the past calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this information, please submit a written request to the contact information indicated below.Changes to our Policy: The Website and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Rectangle to make changes to this Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data.This Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Website after any changes or revisions to this Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Policy.Maintenance of Accurate Information: In order to attain the most complete and accurate records, we consistently maintain customer information. If you have reason to believe that your account information or records are incorrect, please contact a Customer Service Representative at 1-888-852-3484. We respond to requests to correct inaccurate information in a timely manner.Contact Us: If you are a customer and have a troubleshooting issue or comment, please click here for an immediate response. You may also contact us at: Rectangle Health 115 E. Stevens Ave. Valhalla, NY 10595(914) 238-1031Rectangle Health GuaranteeIf you don’t see a dramatic reduction in accounts receivable balance after a few months of instituting our full program, we’ll take the entire system back at no charge to you.
FEEDBACK