http://www.leaseplan.com/en-us/privacy-statement-new/
LoaderLease my fleetManage my fleetVehiclesBlogs & resourcesAbout usContactLoginusenMenuHomeLease Plan USA Privacy StatementLease Plan U.S.A., Inc. (“LeasePlan,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) provides fleet and equipment leasing and vehicle management services for our clients.
When we receive information for our own purposes, such as the contact or billing information of our clients, the processing of that information is described by this privacy policy that is only applicable to Lease Plan U.S.A., Inc. and not to any other LeasePlan entity.
When we receive or process information on behalf of one of our clients, the privacy practices that apply to the processing of that information is governed by our client’s privacy policy.Types Of Information We CollectUse And Processing Of InformationSharing Of InformationYour ChoicesHow We Protect Personal InformationMiscellaneousContact InformationTypes Of Information We CollectWe provide fleet and equipment leasing and vehicle management services.
In that capacity we receive personal information from our clients and process that information on behalf of our clients.
In other situations we receive personal information for our own use.
The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect and how we use that information. In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, or from our clients, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check.Use And Processing Of InformationIn addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways:To identify you when you visit our website.To provide services.To improve our services and offerings.To streamline the business processes.To conduct analytics.To respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests.To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our services, sales, or promotions.For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships.Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.
For example, if you retain us to provide consulting services we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information because we have a legitimate interest in understanding who our clients are and what services we perform on their behalf.
As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business.Sharing Of InformationIn addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).
If another company acquires, or anticipates acquiring, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company.Other Disclosures with Your Consent. We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.
We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.Service Providers. We may share your information with service providers. Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.Your ChoicesYou can make the following choices regarding your personal information:Promotional Emails. You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as targeted offers from third parties.
You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications.Promotional Mailings. If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.Access To Your Personal Information. For information that we collect on our own behalf we will grant you, where required by law, reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.Deletion Of Your Personal Information. We typically retain personal information that we collect on our own behalf for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information, by contacting us at the address described below.Revocation Of Consent or Objections. You may revoke consent to processing (where our processing is based upon consent), or object to our processing (where our processing is not based upon your consent) by contacting us at the address described below. If you revoke your consent / object we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent / object if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.Online Tracking. We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions.How We Protect Personal InformationNo method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.Some of our websites permit you to create an account. When you do you will be prompted to create a password.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.
You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.MiscellaneousThe following additional information relates to our privacy practices:Transmission Of Information To Other Countries. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States. LeasePlan has implemented the LeasePlan Binding Corporate Rules, which ensures that every LeasePlan entity worldwide applies the same level of protection to personal information. These rules are available by clicking here. If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.Changes To This Privacy Policy. We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.Information for California Residents. California Civil Code 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicates that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” as those terms are defined under California law. You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. California residents may be entitled, if applicable, to opt-out of having their information sold to third parties. We do not discriminate against California consumers who exercise any of their rights described in this policy. We do not sell the data of any California residents under the age of 16.Contact InformationIf you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.Toll-free phone: 1-877-598-3798Email: LPUS-PrivacyOfficerRequests@LeasePlan.comPrivacy Officer – Risk and Compliance1165 Sanctuary ParkwayAlpharetta, GA 30009If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.Effective Date: 01/01/2020