https://www.ionindia.com/privacyPolicy.asp
Newly released! IEI News Vol. 85! Click here to know about
our offerings to the Oil and Gas Industry, latest innovations, key orders, employee events and so much more!
--Group Sites--
www.hydramem.com
www.ionresins.com
www.ionexchangeservices.com
www.zerobonline.com
www.ieiasiapacific.com
www.ionexchangeglobal.com
www.ionexchangesafic.co.za
www.ieiknowledgepark.com
Toggle navigation
Home(current)
ABOUT US
Corporate Profile
Code of Conduct
Manufacturing
R&D Facility
Knowledge Management
Investor Relations
Awards
CSR
APPLICATION & SOLUTIONS
Industrial
Institution
Communities
and Municipalities
Realty
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Raw Water Treatment
Raw Water Treatment
I
Raw Water Treatment
II
Drinking Water
Treatment
Waste Treatment &
Recycle
Speciality
Chemicals
Services
News
Industrial
News
Institutions
Communities
Archive
Press Room
Press Room
Archive
CAREER
CONTACT US
GROUP SITES
Launched
India's first integrated reverse osmosis membrane manufacturing facility at Verna, Goa.
Our Aim
To conserve our planet's most precious resources - water, air, soil and energy through 360° environment solutions.
IndustrialSubstantial, superior value via a one-stop package of customised solutions, quality service and technical support, with single-point contact.
InstitutionThe institutional sector - hotels, spas, hospitals, schools and laboratories, have many different needs for water treatment. Apart from systems for specific medical...
COMMUNITIES & MUNICIPALITIESIncreasing pollution of surface and ground water has made quality of drinking water supplies to communities a paramount concern. Simultaneously, communities are faced with increasingly severe water shortages...
REALTYWe provide various environment management solutions for residential and commercial establishments by ways of water purification, treatment and recycle.
Home | Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to privacy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices of Ion Exchange (I) Ltd., for the website located at https://www.ionindia.com (the “Site”), related services, and Email communication to @ionexchange.co.in and and other websites on the subdomain of www.ionindia.com, and its corporate affiliates (collectively, the “Service”). Protecting your privacy is our top priority at Ion Exchange. Through this privacy policy, we aim to explain the ways in which your personal and business information is collected, used and protected at Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. This privacy policy is a part of our Terms of Use. By visiting the website of Ion Exchange (I) Ltd., we take it as consent to collect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and also take it as acceptance from your end. We assure you that we do not sell, rent, transfer your information to any third party in any way than what is stated in the Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
On our website, we collect two types of information:
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) such as Name, Email Id, Phone No and Company Name.
Non-PII which doesn’t reveal the identity of the visitor on our site. This includes :
IP Addresses
Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. automatically tracks your IP addresses. Your IP addresses are registered for statistical purposes and in order to improve layout of our Website.
Correspondence Information
If you send us any personal correspondence, or any third parties send us any form of information about your postings, the information may get stored on our servers.
Payment Information
We do not collect any credit card information to protect you against any unauthorised transactions, claims and other liabilities.
How will we use the information we collect?
The information we collect on our website will only be used by us to provide the requested information to the user or to update the user about our products and services.
How is the information stored?
Your information is saved in our database in order to improve our user and website experience. Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. is an Indian company, since India doesn’t have a similar policy as present in other countries, we will protect it in a manner disclosed in our Privacy Policy. By visiting our website and providing us with your information, you understand and consent to this privacy policy. Your information may be transferred, processed and stored in India.
How your information is protected
You agree that Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. and its associated companies may use the Information for marketing and promotional purposes.
All our employees, independent contractors, and agents have executed non-disclosure agreements, which provide explicit confidentiality protections. Any employee, independent contractor or agent who violates such privacy and/or security policies is subject to possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
We do not make any of your Information available to third parties for their marketing purposes. No data given or collected is shared with other social media platforms.
If however, we share your Business Information with third parties, we will notify you. Please note that no transmission over the internet can guarantee confidentiality and non-disclosure, and as such, you transmit at your own risk.
We use robust security measures to protect data from unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and help ensure the appropriate use of data. When the Services are accessed using the internet, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects your Information, using both server authentication and data encryption. These technologies help ensure that your Information is safe, secure, and only available to you and to whom you have granted access.
We do not tolerate Spam. To report Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. related spam, please contact us at ho.commun@ionexchange.co.in. You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our terms of use. We may check for spam, viruses, phishing attacks, and other malicious activity or illegal or prohibited content of the Website, but we will not permanently store messages sent through these tools.
Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. does its utmost to secure communications and data storage in order to protect the confidentiality of your Information against loss and interception by third parties. However, it is important to know that there is no zero-risk against loss or interception by others of your Information. You are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of your Account’s username and password.
Cookies Policy
Ion Exchange (I) Ltd. uses cookies to give you a great browsing experience. Whenever you visit our website, our server sends a cookie to your device in order to determine your location and use an appropriate language for you. You are free to delete these cookies at any time.
Cookies do not have the capacity to personally identify an individual and they can at the most merely identify the web browser. Unless an individual chooses to identify himself by opening an account or entering login information, the user will remain anonymous to us.
Legal Requests
We comply with all legal requirements and co-operate with law enforcement agencies as well as third parties to enforce laws, safeguard intellectual property rights and prevent fraud. If we are furnished with a legal order by any governmental or law enforcement agency, we shall disclose your name, e-mail address and website usage history, on your authorisation, with or without a legal order. We will not disclose any of your other information to any agency without a court order except when it becomes necessary for any safety, security or a similar concern.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
If you choose to visit the website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and the website's terms of use. In addition to the foregoing, any disputes arising under this Policy shall be governed by the laws of India and court of Mumbai.
Disclosure of information to any third party
We will not share your information to any third party without prior consent from you.
Consent
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use.
Third Party Links
Our website may contain links to other websites which are not owned or controlled by us. We bear no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these third-party sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personal information. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by this Website.
Changes
If our Privacy Policy procedures change, we will post those changes immediately to our Website. Any such changes will be effective immediately from the time they are posted unless otherwise stated in the change provision. An email notification will be sent to the users who request it.
Your Rights
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you possess a number of rights in relation to your Personal Data. You have right to access your personal information from the website for any purpose. You can get and reuse your personal information across any services at any time. Whereas you have provided us with consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time. To reiterate, you can do this at any time by contacting us directly at ho.commun@ionexchange.co.in.
How to modify the information or opt-out of updates?
You may use the following options for removing your information from our email database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional emails and newsletters.
Click on the “unsubscribe” link on the bottom of the email.
Click on the “Account Settings” link from the site home page, and un-check the undesired promotions.
Send mail to the following postal address letting us know which promotional emails you wish to opt-out of:
Corporate Communications Department, Ion Exchange (I) Ltd., Ion House, Dr. E. Moses Road, Mahalaxmi, Mumbai – 400011, Maharashtra, India.
Scroll
×