https://www.fireresponse.com.au/website-terms-of-use/
Skip to contentHome » Website Terms of Use
Website Terms of Use2020-12-03T15:13:05+11:00Website Terms of Use1. About this websiteWebsite Owner = Fire Response Pty Ltd (ABN 99612337514 (“ [Fire Response] ”) (Domain name = https://www.fireresponse.com.au the “website”)2. About these terms of useThese website terms of use (“terms of use”) and the associated Privacy Statement (“privacy policy”) govern your access to and use of the website. You should read these terms of use and the privacy policy carefully before using this website.3. Your access/use implies agreementThe website is available for your use only on condition that you agree to these terms of use. By accessing/using the website, you are signifying that you agree to be bound by these terms.4. Modifications to the TermsFire Response may revise and update these terms of use at any time. Your continued usage of the website after any changes to these terms of use will mean you accept those changes.5. Modifications to the informationFire Response does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of material on this website. All information may be changed, supplemented, deleted or updated without notice at the sole discretion of Fire Response.6. Errors and problemsFire Response does not guarantee that the website will be free from viruses, or that access to the website will be uninterrupted.7. License and OwnershipThe copyright for the content on this website is owned or licensed by Fire Response and is protected under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) and by other copyright laws in both Australia and other countries. No material on this website may be reproduced, adapted, uploaded to a third party, linked to, framed, performed in public, distributed or transmitted in any form by any process without the specific written consent of Fire Response.All custom graphics, icons, and other items that appear on the website and all associated trademarks, are trademarks of Fire Response.8. Fire Response Privacy PolicyThe Fire Response privacy policy governs the use of information collected from or provided by you at the website. A policy statement prepared by Fire Response for the purposes of being made available to customers and the general public declaring the company’s commitment to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (hereinafter the “Privacy Act”) for a company required to comply is available at http://fireresponse.com.au/privacy-policy/9. Feedback, suggestions, comments or requestsFire Response does not encourage you to make feedback, suggestions, comments or requests (“comments”) but these comments may be made to firemail@fireresponse.com.au and if you do make comments, you acknowledge that: they will not be considered confidential or proprietary, and [Website Owner] is under no obligation to keep such information confidential, and Fire Response will have an unrestricted, irrevocable, world-wide, royalty free right to use, communicate, reproduce, publish, display, distribute and exploit such comments in any manner it chooses.10. Outbound linksThe website may contain links to third-party websites and resources (“linked sites”). These linked sites are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Fire Response. Fire Response makes no representations or warranties regarding the availability, correctness, accuracy, performance or quality of the linked site or any content, software, service or application found at any linked site. Fire Response may receive payments and/or commissions from operators of linked sites in relation to goods or services supplied by the operator as a result of you linking to the third party website from the Fire Response website.11. Inbound linksFire Response generally encourages and agrees to your linking to the Home page through a plain text link on your website without the need for agreement between yourself and Fire Response.12. JurisdictionThe Australian section is provided for use only by Australian residents. The law applicable to use of the Australian section and to disputes arising out of the Australian section is the law of the State of NSW and The International Section is provided for use by residents of any country in the world but, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the law applicable to use of the International Section and to disputes arising out of the International Section is the laws of the State of NSW Australia.13. Disclaimer of WarrantiesFire Response makes no representations or warranties about the accuracy, completeness, security or timeliness of the content, information or services provided by the website and disclaims all warranties, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third parties’ rights, and fitness for a particular purpose.14. Limitation of LiabilityIf Fire Response is found responsible for any damages, Fire Response is responsible for actual damages only. In no event shall Fire Response, be liable for any incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive and/or consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption resulting from the use of or inability to use the website.
Call us today on 02 4944 7700 for your obligation-free quote! DismissClosed Thursday 24th Decemeber 2020 – Sunday 3rd january 2021
×
Go to Top