https://www.discover.com/privacy-statement/sms-terms-conditions.html
Print
YOUR PRIVACY CENTER
SMS Terms & Conditions
Discover's text messaging programs are governed by the following Terms and Conditions:
You agree Discover Bank, its affiliates, and agents ("Discover") may call you, including send you text messages, about any current or future accounts or applications, with respect to all products you have with Discover at any phone number you provide. In addition, you agree Discover may contact you using an automatic dialer or pre-recorded voice message. Message and Data rates may apply. Communications via text messages will be to your mobile device, and may include information about any applications that you have submitted and/or any products or services that you are currently receiving. Discover reserves the right to change these SMS Terms and Conditions at any time, and your continued consent to receive text messages from Discover constitutes your agreement to all such changes.
Frequency of text messages varies. For help with any text messaging program reply HELP to the text message that you receive.  To opt out of text messages reply STOP. View Discover's privacy policy here: https://www.discover.com/privacy-statement/
Discover has the right to change the content of any text message and its delivery frequency including discontinuation of the text messages in their entirety at any time without prior notice to you, subject to applicable law.  Discover does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure text message services. Discover cannot guarantee that text messages provided through your wireless carrier will be delivered to you. Discover or the mobile carriers are not liable to you for any delayed or undelivered text messages. You must notify Discover in the event that your phone number is changed or deactivated.
You acknowledge that our text messages are sent to you without being encrypted and may include information about an application or your Discover account. Discover will not include your full account number, password, or other sensitive information in a text message. A text message does not constitute a record for the account to which it pertains. The information in the text messages is provided on an "AS IS," and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Discover will not be responsible for any loss or damage that could result from interception or misuse of any information by third parties or undelivered text messages.
These SMS Terms and Conditions were last updated on October 11, 2019. Please check back regularly for updates and changes.
Online Policy
Introduction
About the Information We Collect
How We Use It
What We Share
Manage Your Privacy Choices
About Our Ads
Additional Information
Consumer Privacy Statements
Bank
Credit Cards
Home Loans
Identity Theft Protection
Personal Loans
Student Loans
California Residents
California Notice at Collection
California Privacy Notice
Make a Request
Resources
SMS Terms & Conditions
Privacy Glossary
Terms of Use
Contact Us About Privacy
EUROPEAN UNION DATA SUBJECTS
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window
Opens in a new window