http://www.spray.com/legal/privacy-statement
Legal
Privacy Policy
Menu
Search
Search
Spraying Systems Co. Privacy and Cookie Policy
About This Policy
Spraying Systems Co. ("SSCo") wants you to know how it collects and uses your Personal Identifiable Information and Purchase Data (collectively, "Data"), in compliance with the EU Data Protection Regulation (GDPR – Regulation 2016/679).
Also, by interacting with SSCo through its website(s) or any other electronic or conventional communication, you can consent to the use of your Data as described in this policy. SSCo crafted this Privacy Policy (the "Policy") to ensure transparency regarding the collection, use and protection of your Data.
The Policy also provides you with information regarding your right to access, change or remove that Data and to receive notice of any security breach impacting your Data.
Lastly, this policy also outlines the Spraying Systems Co. policy with regards to the use of cookies and other internet tracking techniques.
1. Your Privacy
1.1 Information Collected
SSCo collects identifying information ("Contact Information"), which is information that identifies an individual or can be used to contact or distinguish a person. SSCo also collects some other data in connection with purchases, such as payment information and information related to credit-worthiness ("Purchase Data"). SSCo collects this Contact Information and Purchase Data when an individual or entity creates an account on SSCo's website or requests to place an order for SSCo's products. SSCo collects the following types of Contact Information and Purchase Data:
"Registration Information": The individual or entity's first and last name, company name, country of residence, postal address, city, state, postal code, telephone number, email address, URL, the market in which the customer operates, and the application in which the customer intends to use SSCo's products.
"Business Information": The individual or entity's payment information, shipping postal address, billing postal address, and telephone number.
"Communicative Information": Information sent by an individual or entity to SSCo for the purpose of communicating with SSCo, including Registration Information, through our sites, through one-on-one or limited group communications using our message, chat, post or similar functionality In a legitimate way.
"Location Information": Information relating to your geographic location provided by a mobile device interacting with SSCo's website(s) or associated with your IP address when visiting SSCo's website(s), provided you have consented to this.
"Technical Information": Information related to viewing and technical data, including your IP address or device identifier when visiting SSCo"s website(s).
1.2 Use of Data
SSCo has elaborated processes to manage the collection, processing, use and security of your Data and to grant others within SSCo permission to access Data as necessary to perform their job functions. SSCo will only use your Information for the following purposes:
Providing you with technical and informational support regarding SSCo's products, based upon the legitimate interest we have following our contractual relationship;
Providing you with the products, services, and information based upon the request you issued to SSCo;
Providing you with offers and promotions, subject to your consent;
Communicating with you about your account or transactions with SSCo, including changes to SSCo's website(s), purchasing policies, prices, and privacy policies, based upon the legitimate interest we have following our contractual relationship;
Improving SSCo's service offerings, response times to customer inquiry, based upon our legitimate interest;
Investigating fraud or for the purpose of preventing activities that violate SSCo policies or existing law, based upon our legitimate interest;
1.3 Sharing of Information
SSCo will only share your Data in limited circumstances, including:
For the purpose of completing transactions for products purchased from SSCo (Purchase Data only);
For the purpose of completing an order, such as delivery of products or customer service requests (Contact Information only)
In connection with the sale of part or all of SSCo's business;
With third-parties SSCo is calling upon in areas such as but not limited to IT, Finance, Manufacturing and Logistics.
With SSCo's affiliate entities in order to achieve order fulfillment and to enhance your customer service experience.
SSCo also requires by contract that all third-party service providers handling or processing your Data implement and maintain safeguards at least as restrictive as SSCo's own.
1.4 Your Rights
In relation to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to request from SSCo:
Access: you can ask for confirmation of whether or not data that relates to you is being processed, as well as more clarifications about the information referred to in this information notice.
Correction: you can request to correct or supplement the data provided to us, if inaccurate.
Deletion: you can request that your data be deleted, if it is no longer necessary for our purposes, in case of revocation of consent or your opposition to the processing, in case of unlawful processing, or if there is a legal obligation to delete it.
Limitation: you can request that your data be processed only for the purpose of storage, excluding any other processing, for the time necessary to correct your data or in case of unlawful processing for which you are opposed to the deletion or if you have to exercise your rights in court and the data stored by us may be useful or, finally, in case you opposed the processing and the a check on the prevalence of our legitimate rights over yours is being carried out.
Objection: you can object to the processing of your data at any time, unless there are legitimate reasons for proceeding with the processing that prevail over yours, for example for the exercise of a right or our defence in court.
Portability: you can request to receive the data you provided, or to send it to another Data Controller indicated by you, in a commonly used structured format readable by automatic device.
In addition, we inform you that in case of failure or partial fulfilment by SSCo of the aforementioned requests, you will have the right to submit a complaint or appeal to the Supervisory Data Protection Authority of your country, which can be found on the EU GDPR website
At any time you can exercise your privacy rights towards SSCo without any formalities, including through an authorized third party with a specific power of attorney, communicating by registered letter:
Spraying Systems Co.
attn. Data Protection Officer
North Ave. and Schmale Road
P.O. Box 7900
Wheaton, Illinois 60187-7901 USA
email: datacontroller@spray.com
Please be aware that if you do not allow SSCo to collect certain Data, revoke your consent to SSCo's use or sharing of your Data, SSCo may not be able to deliver to you products ordered or services requested.
1.5 Data Security
The security and safety of your Data is SSCo's top priority. SSCo implements technical, administrative and physical security measures designed to protect your Data from unauthorized access, disclosure or modification, compliant to the legislation applicable in your region. Purchase Data is stored in a secured database and order information is segregated from certain purchase data (such as encrypted credit card information) to ensure further protection.”
1.6 Data Rentention
We apply our corporate data retention policy, stipulating the deletion of data within 20 years of inactivity.
1.7 Data Breach Procedure
In the event of a breach of data security related to your Data, SSCo will provide the national Data Protection Authority (DPA) with written notice within 72 hours of the breach, and will provide you with information related to the breach if the rights and freedom of our customers are endangered, and if the DPA recommends us to do so.
2. Internet tracking techniques
2.1 Cookies & Conversion Tracking
Cookies are small text files that are sent to and stored on your computer or mobile device through your browser when you visit a website. SSCo uses cookies to improve the functionality of its website(s) and the efficiency of your browsing experience. SSCo also uses cookies when you register on its website(s) for the purpose of gathering Contact Information to send you SSCo literature. SSCo uses both first and third party cookies. First party cookies are used to recognize your computer or mobile device, and are served directly to your browser from our website(s). Third party cookies are most commonly used for website analytics and advertising purposes, and are served from a third-party website operator on behalf of SSCo to your browser. You may opt-out of receiving cookies from SSCo's website(s) or third-party providers before you start browsing on our website. . Please keep in mind that limiting or blocking the use of cookies may negatively impact your browsing experience with respect to SSCo's website(s). For a more exhaustive description on the types of cookies and their function, we refer to https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTTP_cookie
2.2 Remarketing Purposes
SSCo uses Web Beacons, Tracking Pixels or Cookies in combination with tools for serving advertisements on the sites you visit, which allows SSCo to notify you of its many great products and services.
2.3 Managing Cookies
When you visit our websites for the first time, you will be prompted to accept cookies. You have the possibility to access our privacy policy before doing so, and you can choose not to accept our cookies. Continuing your visit on our Website without adapting your cookie settings, indicates the approval of the cookies.
You can also later in time modify your browser settings to decline cookies and you can also delete cookies that are already installed on your computer or mobile device.
2.4 CAN-SPAM Compliance
SSCo intends to maintain compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act when transmitting commercial email to you. Such communications shall include information on where SSCo is located, and how to opt-out of receiving future commercial emails.
3. Changes to this Privacy & Cookie Policy
SSCo reserves the right to alter or amend this Policy as deemed necessary to accommodate changes in technology, industry practice, and legal or regulatory developments. SSCo will provide you with notice in the event changes are material in nature, and obtain your consent.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 25, 2018.