https://www.lacroixwater.com/privacy-policy/
Subscribe
Sign up to our newsletter and receive 10% off your first order.
Email Address*
First Name
Last Name
Marketing Permissions
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from LaCroix Water:
Email
Direct Mail
Customized Online Advertising
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
SUBMIT
subscribe now
Privacy Policy
LaCroix Beverages, Inc., a National Beverage company, and its affiliates (collectively, “LaCroix”, “we” or “us”) are concerned about privacy issues and want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information.  This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes our practices in connection with information that we collect in order to respect the privacy of every individual who visits this website and all subdomains, including blog(s) (collectively, the “Site(s)”). This Policy contains details regarding our practices and your choices relating to how we collect, use, and disclose personal and other information about our customers and Site users. You may provide information to us when you visit our Sites, including any subdomains or mobile versions of the Sites.
By using our Sites and providing personal information to us, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy.
Third Party Providers
This Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties, for example, when you visit a third party website or use a third-party service, even if you access it through our Sites. Please take a moment to review the privacy policies of third-party sites before you disclose information to them, as we cannot be held responsible for their actions with regard to your information.
Personal Data
All “personal information” (“personal information” is defined as any information used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity such as their name, mailing address, email address, etc.) that we collect and maintain will be subject to the version of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection. LaCroix reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Your continued use of the LaCroix shall serve as your acceptance of any change in these terms and conditions.
Your Choices with Respect to Personal Information
LaCroix will not collect any personal information about you through our websites unless you have provided it to us voluntarily. Please do not submit personal data to us if you do not want it collected. If you do provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: (a) we may provide you with information about LaCroix on a regular basis; (b) we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services; (c) we (or a fulfillment house or other third party on our behalf in connection with a promotion) may use that information to contact you; and/or (d) we may provide other third parties with aggregate – but not individual – information about visitors to or users of our sites. We do not now and do not intend to sell, rent or market personal data about you to third parties.
LaCroix recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of information collected on the Site. Without your consent, LaCroix will not communicate any information to you regarding products, services and promotions available from LaCroix. Except in the particular circumstances described in this Privacy Policy, LaCroix will also not provide your name to other companies or organizations without your consent.
There are other instances in which LaCroix may divulge your personal information. LaCroix may provide your personal information if necessary, in LaCroix’s good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations of a governmental or regulatory body or in response to a valid subpoena, warrant, or order or to protect the rights of LaCroix or others.
Contests and Sweepstakes
LaCroix may collect personal information through the Site or through third parties to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and other promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) and to administer these activities. Information gathered from you in connection with Promotions will be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, unless the privacy rules for a particular Promotion differ. To the extent that the rules concerning the treatment of personal information gathered for a particular Promotion conflict with this Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions for the particular Promotion shall control. Please read this Privacy Policy and the privacy rules for any particular Promotion carefully.
LaCroix may disclose your personal information in connection with any Promotion, for example, to third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests and other promotions, to provide lists of the names of winners and/or to announce the names of winners on the Site, on social media platforms (e.g., on our Facebook or Instagram pages), or otherwise, in accordance with the rules applicable to the particular Promotion.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are small data files that are transferred to your hard drive when you visit a website if your browser settings permit the acceptance of cookies. Cookies may enable us to recognize your computer, store your preferences and settings, enhance your user experience by delivering Content specific to your interests, perform searches and analytics, and assist with security administrative functions.  We may also use automated technologies to collect and analyze other non-personal information related to the devices you use to access the Sites, such as IP addresses, browser types, browser language, unique device identifiers, and other information about your computer(s) and/or mobile device(s). With most Internet Browsers, you can erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, block all Cookies or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. Please refer to your Browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Use of IP Addresses
Through the use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies, our Sites automatically collect certain information from you to provide essential features and improve your experience when using our Sites. Additionally, through our Sites, our servers or networks may collect your device’s IP address and other device or network information. We use this information to help ensure that our Content is displayed properly, so that we can understand how, where, and through which devices users access and use our Sites, and to improve the quality and delivery of our Sites.
Limitation of liability
By providing us with any Personal Information, you expressly and unconditionally release and hold harmless LaCroix, its parents, related subsidiaries and affiliates and their respective assigns, directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected Personal Information. In addition, while we take reasonable steps to prevent third party companies from making unauthorized use of your Personal Information, we cannot be held liable for any injuries, loss, or damage of any kind arising from or in connection with the use and/or misuse of your collected Personal Information by those third parties.
Contact Information
Contact us with any questions, concerns, or comments by emailing us at info@lacroixwater.com.
This policy may be changed at any time at our discretion. If we should update this policy, we will post the updates to this page on our Site.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 23, 2019.