http://www.helo.co.uk/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
PERSONAL POLICY TYLOHELO (UK) LTD
TyloHelo (UK) Ltd is
part of TylöHelo Oy which includes TyloHelo (UK) Ltd International and TyloHelo
(UK) Ltd Direct. This privacy policy explains how we use any personal
information we collect about you when you use this website and order products
from us.
We collect information
about you when you register with us or place an order for products or services.
We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys,
provide feedback and participate in competitions. Website usage information is
collected using cookies.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order to able to fulfil your purchase of our product, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website. If you agree, we shall pass on your personal information to our group of companies so that they may offer you their products and services. Helo (UK) Ltd will not share your information for marketing purposes with companies outside the Tylö Helo Oy Group. In processing your order, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies. We will only process your personal data as long as you are our customer and/or wants to have information about our products and services and in accordance with applicable law with regard to the purchases you have made from us.
Marketing
We would like to send you information about products and services of ours and other companies in our group which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other members of the Tylö Helo Oy Group. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
Access to your information and correction
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address privacy.uk@tylohelo.com. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this we b page. This privacy policy was last updated on 10/05/2018.
How to contact us
You may at any time contact Tylö Helo Oy if you have any questions about our processing of your personal data or if you wish to withdraw your consent, to request access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing concerning your personal data or to object to our processing of your personal data. You may contact us at [e-mail], or by ordinary mail to [address], or by contacting our Customer Support [link]. Do not hesitate to contact us if you think that we process your personal data in violation of applicable data protection legislation. Complaints regarding our processing of your personal data shall be sent to concerned supervisory authority.
Print this document