http://www.litremeter.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Menu
MENUMENUHomeFluidsApplicationsIndustriesTechnologiesBrandsProductsDownloadsAbout UsContactQuoteBlogNewsletter
Privacy Policy:This web site is maintained by Litre Meter Limited. Litre Meter is a business unit of TASI Group. TASI Group and its business units are collectively referred to as “us”, “our” or the “Company” in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy sets forth our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Site. Because the Company gathers information about users at many points in this Site, we believe you should understand how the Company intends to treat any personally identifiable information users may provide. Personally identifiable information is information that can identify the user, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, street address, telephone number, employer and occupational title.ACCEPTANCEAny use of this Site by you conclusively indicates that this Privacy Policy has been reviewed and accepted by you. If you do not agree with any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy, you should not use this Site or provide any information to us through the Site.INFORMATION COLLECTEDAt various points in this Site, you may be requested to submit personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, street address, phone number, employer and occupational title. The Company does not collect personal information about you unless you specifically and knowingly provide such information.FormsForms may be used on this Site to collect information from you, which will allow us to carry out a number of tasks, including, but not limited to, fulfilling literature requests, responding to product inquiries or technical questions, and processing employment inquiries. Any personal information collected is intended to be used only for delivery or follow-up purposes. In order to effectively respond to and support certain user requests, the Company may share your information with its business channel partners such as distributors and sales representatives for the Company’s products. You may opt-out from being contacted or receiving follow-up mailings at any time (See Choice/Opt-Out below).Online SurveysOccasionally, the Company may invite you to participate in online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information (for example, your email address), industry information, and demographic information (like your post code or the area in which your business is located). Contact information is used to contact you if and when necessary with respect to the survey unless otherwise specifically indicated by you. You may opt-out from being contacted or receiving follow-up mailings at any time (See Choice/Opt-Out below). It is not necessary to participate in surveys to use this Site.Public ForumsThis Site may make use of public forums such as discussion groups and message boards. Information disclosed in these areas may be available to other visitors to this Site, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personal information. If after posting any personal information to a public forum you are approached by a third party by email, you should not assume that the Company has released private information about you or that the contact is on behalf of or has been authorized by the Company.Restricted ContentThe Company may also collect personal information from you when authorizing you to access any restricted areas of the website. Such personal information includes personal identification, business relationship and information relating to your entitlement to access the restricted portion of the website as well as your activities within areas of the restricted portions. By seeking access to restricted portions of the website, and by providing the identification information, you are agreeing to collection of such information and of such other information which may relate to your visit to the restricted portion of the website, all in addition to the above mentioned non-restrictive portions collected information.Web Site Usage ReportingLike most standard website servers, this Site’s web servers generate log files that store certain types of information about you and your visit to this Site. Categories of information collected include length of time of visit, pages visited, number of visits, frequency of visits, internet service provider and IP address used to connect to the Site, referring/exit pages, and platform type (IP addresses, etc., are not tied to personally identifiable information). Information collected in the log files is used solely for internal use by the Company to analyze trends, administer this Site, track user movements in the aggregate, gather broad demographic information for aggregate reporting and statistical purposes, and for improvement of the Site. This Site may also use client-side JavaScript and first-party cookies to help the Company collect and analyze site-visitation statistics as described above. The information collected by the JavaScript scriptlet and included cookie(s) about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by the Company. You may disable the use of JavaScript and refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. The Company may transfer information collected from the web server log files and client-side JavaScript and cookies to third parties where required to do so by law or for usage analysis. If you object at any time to the collection of your information for the Web Site Usage Reporting purposes, then do not use the Site. The Company does not employ any measures to prevent the Site from collecting information on an individual basis.CookiesIn addition to using cookies as described under Web Site Usage Reporting, this Site may also use first-party cookies for managing your user session. Cookies can help the Company recognize return visitors, to personalize and enrich your online visits with the Site, and to collect site-visitation statistics. Categories of information collected for this purpose may include your preferred language, your geographic region, and a unique session ID code that allows this Site to keep track of your user session and distinguish it from all others currently active. It is not necessary to have cookies enabled in your browser to access and use this Site. However, some of the features of this Site may depend on cookies, and you may not be able to use those features by refusing cookies. Opting out of information collection will deny you access to portions of this website.COMMUNICATIONS FROM THIS SITERequest FulfillmentThe Company communicates with this Site’s users on a regular basis in order to respond to requests for literature and product information or to answer technical questions. The Company typically communicates via email, regular mail or telephone in accordance with the particular user’s wishes.INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSUREThe Company may disclose the information it collects from and about you: (a) when it has reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, customers or other users of the Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities, or is appropriate or necessary to enforce the terms of use, take precautions against liability, investigate and defend against any third-party claims or allegations, and/or protect the security or integrity of the Site; (b) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or that such action is necessary or appropriate in connection with a court or administrative proceeding or to comply with a court or administrative subpoena, order or legal process; (c) to our business partners, such as distributors and sales representatives who sell and service products in which you may be interested, and/or to its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing any request on your behalf, provided that if the information shared includes any personal information, such business partners will be bound by obligations of confidentiality with respect to your personal information that are at least as restrictive as those imposed upon the Company by this privacy policy; or (d) otherwise with your consent. The Company may sell or buy other businesses or entities. In such event, it may transfer or assign the information it has collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In such transactions, your personal information may be included in the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, it may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used and your personal information may be included in the transferred assets. The Company also reserves the right to use your personal and non-personal information for any lawful purpose, including, but not limited to, improving content and generating statistical and aggregate reports for internal use by the Company and its vendors, suppliers, licensees, consultants, advertisers and advisers. These statistics and reports will typically contain only aggregated information. Your personal identity is kept anonymous. The Company does not sell your personal information to third parties and has no intention of doing so in the future. Under the laws of some jurisdictions, you may be entitled to request disclosure regarding how we share your usage information with third parties for direct marketing purposes (“Information-Sharing Disclosure”). To the extent required by applicable law, we shall provide the Information-Sharing Disclosure to you upon rightful request made in writing to Charles Wemyss (charles[@]litremeter[dot]com). Except as explained above, we will not share any of your personal information with any third party, unless we have received your express permission to do so.SECURITYThe Company takes commercially reasonable precautions to protect your information online and offline and has implemented commercially reasonable technical measures, such as secure servers, firewalls and encryption of financial data, intended to protect against the risks of unauthorized access to, erroneous disclosure of, and unlawful interception of Personal Information submitted via the Site. The Company also strives to maintain the reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency of your personal information in its databases. However, the Company cannot guarantee that there will be no loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration or destruction of your personal information. Email transmissions and/or other communications initiated through the Site containing personal information may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or the Site may be subject to hostile network attacks or administrative errors. The Company cannot and does not guarantee the security of any information transmitted from or to the Site. Once the Company receives your personal information, it takes steps that it believes are commercially reasonable to limit access to your personal information to only those employees and service providers whom it determines need access to the personal information to provide the requested products, services, offers or opportunities that may be of interest to you. However, even after the Company receives your personal information, it cannot guarantee that your personal information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of our commercially reasonable efforts or as a result of any other event beyond our reasonable control. Accordingly, the Company cannot and does not guarantee that your personal information is completely secure and safe from such risks. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company expressly disclaims any representation or warranty, whether express or implied, with respect to ensuring, guaranteeing or otherwise offering any definitive promise of security in connection with your personal information or usage information.LINKSThis Site may from time to time be linked to other web sites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites that are not maintained by the Company. When you leave this Site, you should read the privacy policies of these other web sites and understand that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any web site other than this Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Site.CHOICE/OPT-OUTThe Company will remove your personal information from this Site’s databases or remove you from any mailing lists upon request. All such requests should be sent to sales@litremeter.com.INTERNATIONAL (NON US)-HOSTED SITESCompany information may be transferred around the world, including to affiliates or third parties which may be located in the United States, Europe, Asia, or other jurisdictions that may not have equivalent data protection laws to those in your home country. The Company endeavors to comply with all applicable data protection laws applicable to the location of the site. By providing data to us you acknowledge the right of the entity to which the site is applicable to share data for the purpose of responding to your request, including personal information, with its affiliated entities which may be located in other jurisdictions governed by data protection laws that differ from those applicable to this site or your home country.MINORSWe do not provide services or sell products to children. If you are below the age of 18, you may use our website with the permission and active participation of a parent or legal guardian. If you are a minor, please do not provide us or with website visitors with any personal information.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYThe Company reserves the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, and without notice. You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy.
CONTACTPhone: +44 1296 670200 or 0800 0183001
email: sales@litremeter.com
Hart Hill Barn,
Granborough Road,
North Marston, Buckingham,
MK18 3RZ. UK
LATEST PRODUCTLitre Meter LSonic
The LSonic is our latest product. It is a range of in-line ultrasonic flowmeters with at least a turndown of 25:1 (at ±1% accuracy) from 1/2" to 2 1/2". 30 litres per hour minimum up to 51 m3/h. The 1/2" has male NPT (or BSP) threads. At ±2% accuracy the range is 30 to 3400 l/hr, 0-120+ºC & 27 bar.
LITRE METER LIMITEDis a Member of TASI Group
with 12 other flow companies including KEM, AW Lake and Sierra.
World Wide Distributors
SUPPORT
Go to SupportSign up for FlowSight, the Litre Meter newsletter.
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on linkedin
Newsletter
Call Now ButtonThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Email Address*
Company*Litre Meter Limited will use the information you provide on this form to get in touch with you and provide updates & marketing information.
Please let us know which contact method you would prefer:-
Email
Telephone
Direct Mail
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. Alternatively, you can request cancelling ypur subscription via email to sales@litremeter.com.
We treat your information with respect.
For more information about our Privacy Policy, see the link in the footer of our website.
By clicking below, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with these terms.
To close this window without submitting the form, refresh your screen by pressing F5.CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×