http://www.clipon.com/privacy-policy
Products Available
About Us
Find an eClips Provider
Find Us
Shop Online
Back
eClips 3
Illusion
Flip
Lenses
Blue Logic Lenses™
Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to Clipon.com and eClips Custom Clip On’s and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to eClips Custom Clip On’s include Clipon.com and eClips. The eClips website is a ecommerce site. By using the eClips website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.  Collection of your Person InformationIn order to better provide you with the products and services offered on our Site, eClips may collect personally identifiable information, such as your: -      First and Last Name-      Mailing Address-      E-mail Address-      Phone Number If you purchase eClips’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products and services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) Signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communication with you in relation to our services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.  Use of Personal InformationeClips collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. eClips may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from eClips and its affiliates.  Sharing Information with Third PartieseClips does not sell, rent or least its customer lists to third parties eClips may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email, or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to eClips, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.eClips may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on the eClips or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of eClips; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of eClips, or the public. Tracking User BehavioreClips may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within eClips, in order to determine what eClips services are the most popular. This Data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.  Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by eClips. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the eClips website.  Use of CookiesThe eClips website may use “cookies” to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server domain that issues the cookie to you.  One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save your time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize eClips pages, or register with eClips site or services, a cookie helps eClips recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses and so on. When you return to the same eClips website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved so you can easily the eClips features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the eClips services or website you visit.  Security of your Personal InformationeClips secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. eClips uses the following methods for this purpose: -      SSL ProtocolWhen personal information (such as credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.  We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alternation of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control; (b) security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.  Children Under ThirteeneClips does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. E-mail CommunicationsFrom time to time, eClips may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. Changes to this StatementeClips reserves the right to change this Privacy Policyfrom time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page.  Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy. Contact InformationeClips welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that eClips has not adhered to this Statement, please contact eCLips at: eClips Custom Clip on’s 2700 Rydin Road Suite ARichmond, California 94804 Email Address:Info@clipon.com         Telephone Number:(800) 451-9913 Effective as of February 1st, 2019