https://www.se10.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | SE10 PR
Primary MenuPrimary Menu About Us
Services
Creative services
Content creation
Digital and social media
Media relations
Data and insights
Internal communications
Case studies
Volvo
Oracle
Trimble
Rolls Royce
News and Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
SE10 DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY NOTICE
The European Union (EU) has issued a General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), enforceable as of 25 May 2018. The GDPR stipulates what rules organisations must comply with in relation to consent to data collection, data storage, data processing and the privacy of individuals whose data is acquired. In light of these regulations, we want to draw your attention to our Privacy Policy at SE10. It sets out our policies and procedures in relation to data usage and personal privacy. If you have any questions in relation to the above, please feel free to contact SE10’s Data Protection Officer, Brian O’Sullivan (brian.osullivan@se10.com).
SE10’s Data Protection Policy
This web page constitutes SE10’s policy on data protection and privacy, in accordance with EU GDPR. The scope of this policy relates to SE10 (hereafter sometimes referred to as ‘the company’) in its purpose to undertake public relations activities for the benefit of its clients. Such activities involve the transfer of information between clients, their dealers, their customers, journalists, trade shows, events organisers, official public bodies, and other public or private organisations, as required. (For the purpose of this document, the words ‘data’ and ‘information’ may be used interchangeably).
Although GDPR relates to organisations that operate within the European Union, SE10 is a company with an international focus, and therefor this policy on data collection and privacy may also be taken to relate to its business in all other countries. In all activities, SE10 holds high standards of professionalism and aims to generate relationships of trust between its clients and any other stakeholder.
Consent to data collection
SE10 collects data for the express purpose of carrying out its PR activities. This information is that which is relevant to a specific project or the general continuation of the company’s relationship with its clients, or data that a client has requested in relation to a third-party.
Such data may include:
Name, job title, business address, contact details (phone, email, social media details) of any client, their dealer, their customer, journalist, trade show or event organiser, official public figure, member of a public or private organisation.
Business information on clients or customers, such as (but not limited to) the number of specific machines sold in a particular region, the number of employees, or the revenue gained through a business activity.
This information may be collected via:
Any person who voluntary supplies this data to SE10 in relation to his/her own business activities.
Any client who supplies data on behalf of their colleagues or customers (of which SE10 can reasonably expect that the client has obtained prior consent to reveal such data).
Websites (such as for a magazine or public organisation) which publicly gives contact details of its journalists and leading staff members.
Portals such as Cision (which accumulates publicly available contact details of journalists, bloggers, advertising executives), and Meltwater (which conducts media monitoring activities).
Social media sites where any person publicly states their contact details.
Cision is a US-based portal, but has a privacy policy in place, and details information in relation to the EU:
Cision
https://www.cision.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/
Meltwater is a US-based portal, and also has a privacy policy in place:
Meltwater
https://www.meltwater.com/privacy-policy/
SE10 staff will keep a record of where they obtained any such information, either through retaining emails, keeping notes, or being able to access relevant websites quickly and identify the source of data.
SE10 does not use forms on its website nor any paper-based forms at trade shows or events to obtain data in a covert manner. SE10 will never pressurise any person to supply information that they do not wish to reveal; nor will it use any unfair or illegal methods to find confidential or personal (non-business) information.
Data storage
SE10’s staff store contact and business information on their clients, their clients’ customers, journalists, and any other person they need to communicate with during the course of their work, on company laptops, phones and notebooks. Such information is that which has been supplied voluntarily or found via publicly available sources (see section on Consent To Data Collection). This information is retained securely to prevent unauthorised access, via:
Password protection on laptops.
Password protection of cloud-based storage platforms such as ShareFile and online email accounts.
Passcode protection on phones.
Lockable drawers and cupboards for paper-based information.
ShareFile (a product by Citrix Systems) has a privacy policy in place for the protection of information:
ShareFile
https://www.sharefile.com/privacy
SE10 stores contact information on clients, client-affiliated dealerships, customers, journalists, and any person interested in receiving a relevant press release, via its distribution platform (Listrak). This information is retained securely to prevent unauthorised access, via:
Individual password log-in to access SE10’s overall client information.
Access to specific clients’ distribution lists given only to individuals by SE10’s administrators of Listrak (office manager and graphic designers).
SE10 aims to keep all information up to date and will periodically check that such data is still relevant. Any client, associate, journalist, or other person who wishes to see what information SE10 holds, or wishes that any such contact or business information be updated, should email SE10 stating what information is to be altered. Any updated information will be communicated by SE10 to relevant parties, as required. (See also section on ‘Request For Removal Of Data’).
Data processing
SE10 will only process information collected for the fair and legal purpose of its business activities. Such activities include:
Sending out press releases, newsletters, brochures, reports, or other communicated pieces, to clients or publishing companies.
Sending information between SE10’s offices (London, Chicago, Singapore, or any other office that SE10 acquires in future).
Any such information is only processed via manual means (eg, the creation of press releases that are distributed via a platform upon which journalists’ emails have been manually inputted by SE10 staff). SE10 does not use any platform that can access third parties’ private information, nor any platform that uses algorithms to send information speculatively.
SE10 will not sell any data to a third party; and no data will be shared with any third party without prior permission by the person to whom such information relates.
SE10 uses platforms to transfer public relations communications (press releases, etc), which have their own privacy policies in place to ensure that data they hold is retained securely and not shared without permission. These are:
SE10 uses platforms to transfer public relations communications (press releases, etc), which have their own privacy policies in place to ensure that data they hold is retained securely and not shared without permission. These are:
Listrak
https://www.listrak.com/privacy-and-terms/privacy.aspx
PRNewswire
https://www.prnewswire.com/privacy-policy.html
SE10 uses NatWest Bank (part of the Royal Bank of Scotland group) for the collection of payments by clients and for dispersal of payments to any supplier and staff member. The bank had a privacy policy in place:
Royal Bank of Scotland
https://www.rbs.com/rbs/sustainability/customer-focused/privacy.html
SE10 may sign confidentiality agreements or non-disclosure agreements with clients, as per any client’s request.Listrak.
SE10 Human Resources
SE10 collects and retains data on each staff member’s home address, passport number, personal contact details, national insurance number (or other national identification information) and bank details in the normal course of its business operations: this is to ensure that each staff member is legally entitled to work in the office’s country for which they are employed; that they may be paid for their work; and so that any personal correspondence may be sent and received, as required. This information is kept in digital format on the financial controller’s computer (which is password-protected) and in paper form (which is kept in a locked cupboard). SE10 does not supply any of this information to any third party unless legally required to do so (see below).
SE10 uses an online platform (IRIS) to transfer payroll information for the collection of each staff member’s income tax (and any national insurance contributions) to the relevant authorities in each region. IRIS has a privacy policy in place:
IRIS
https://www.iris.co.uk/company/privacy/
Of SE10’s offices, the UK office falls within the EU, and therefore all such payroll information is sent to Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs (HMRC). HMRC has a privacy policy:
Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs
https://www.gov.uk/help/privacy-policy
SE10’s Singapore office does not fall within the EU’s jurisdiction; however, the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore has a privacy policy:
Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore
https://www.iras.gov.sg/irashome/Privacy-Policy/
SE10’s Chicago office in the US also does not fall within the EU’s jurisdiction; however, the US’ Internal Revenue Service also has a privacy policy:
Internal Revenue Service
https://www.irs.gov/privacy-disclosure/irs-privacy-policy
Request for removal of data
SE10 is open and transparent about the ways in which is uses any person’s data. In addition to complying with legal regulations, the company wishes to assure any person that it will act in a reasonable manner to ensure privacy.
If any person wishes their contact details, or other information, to be removed from SE10’s databases, they should email SE10 stipulating what information they wish to be removed. SE10 will undertake to remove such information in a timely manner, within one month, as stipulated by the GDPR. The person who wishes data to be removed can either email the SE10 staff member they originally supplied information to, or by using one of the email addresses in the relevant offices:
London        info.uk@se10.com
Chicago       info.us@se10.com
Singapore  info.asia@se10.com
Data Protection Officer
SE10’s Data Protection Officer (DPO) is Brian O’Sullivan (brian.osullivan@se10.com). He will ensure that all SE10 staff are aware of this policy and will abide by the GDPR standards. This policy will be reviewed and updated at any time.
Other resources
For more information on GDPR, go to https://www.eugdpr.org/
ABOUT US
Why SE10
Work with us
Contact us
CASE STUDIES
Volvo CE
Oracle
Trimble
Rolls Royce
OUR SERVICES
Media relations
Content creation
Creative services
Digital and social media
Internal communications
Data and insights
SUPPORT
Privacy policy
© SE10 Copyright 2019.
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize your repeat visits and preferences, as well as to measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic.
Read More about cookies, including how to disable them. By clicking 'Accept', or using our site, you consent to the use of cookies unless you have disabled them. Cookie settingsAcceptPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice
This website is operated by SE10 (registered in England at SE10 PR, 1 Islington High St, The Angel, London N1 9LQ, United Kingdom).
We provide this Privacy and Cookie Notice to help you to understand what we may do with any personal information that we obtain from you. By providing your personal information to us, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy and Cookie Notice and agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your personal information as described in this Privacy and Cookie Notice. If you do not agree to this Notice, please do not provide your personal details to us. This Privacy and Cookie Notice is incorporated into, and part of, the Terms and Conditions, that govern your use of the site in general. We will use your information only for the purposes set forth below.
We may need to update this Privacy and Cookie Notice from time to time.
×