http://www.libertytaxfranchise.com/privacy-policy/
5860
Privacy Policy
We know that the privacy of your personal information is important to you. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of your information and want you to know the protective measures we take.
This Website Privacy Policy concerns the information we collect when you view our website. If you come to one of our offices for tax preparation, or if you use online tax preparation services at such time as they are available, such uses will be subject to separate privacy policies disclosed to you when you use those services.
Non-Public Information We Collect
If you use our website, we collect the following types of information:
Cookies. Cookies are a text file put on a user’s computer, if accepted by the computer, which provide to us such information as whether you are a new or returning visitor and which web pages you visit.
Transparent gifs. Transparent gifs are an invisible image which gathers such information as where you came from to visit a particular web page or which of multiple links to the same page you used to access that page.
Log files. Log files are text files on the server which gather such information as your internet protocol address, internet service provider and type of browser. We use this information to determine such things as the number of visitors and day and time of visit to our website.
If you choose to submit your contact information to indicate an interest in either a franchise or tax course, we receive from you your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.
Information Security
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural security measures that comply with applicable legal and regulatory standards to safeguard your non-public personal information. Access to such information is restricted to those employees who are trained in the proper handling of client information and have a legitimate business need to access that information.
Information We Disclose
Affiliated and non-affiliated third parties may be given access to your information only as permitted by law or upon your express authorization to process the transactions which you have engaged us to perform.
We do not disclose information gained by use of cookies, transparent gifs or log files to affiliated or non-affiliated third parties. This information is used internally to better design and manage our website.
If you have inputted information into our website to express an interest in being contacted about tax courses, your information is transferred to a local Liberty Tax Service office, most of which are franchised, so the office may contact you.
If you entered your contact information into our website to express an interest in being contacted about a franchise opportunity, we use your information so that a Representative of ours may contact you to communicate about this opportunity via email, text or by phone.
Geolocation by 3rd Party Vendors
Cellular geolocation services in calls made to Liberty Tax toll free numbers are provided by AdGeo, Inc. Information about this service, the vendors terms of use and the vendor’s data retention policies may be found at http://www.adgeo.com/MobileTermsOfService.aspx. Information about the vendor’s privacy policy for this service may be found at http://www.adgeo.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx. Your use of and explicit or implicit consent during the toll free calls indicates your acceptance of the vendor’s terms of use and privacy policies.
Our Commitment
This privacy policy applies to our current and former customers and has been in effect since March 15, 2007. Because privacy is important, we pledge to work with you to protect and safeguard the security of your personal customer information.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you may contact us by e-mail at privacy@libtax.com or by mail at Privacy, Liberty Tax Service, 1716 Corporate Landing Parkway, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23454.
Request Franchise Info
State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
D.C.
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Background
CPA
Insurance
Tax Preparer
Veteran
Finance
Sales
Small Business Owner
Franchise Owner
Other
Available Capital
$0 - $10k
$10k - $20k
$20k - $50k
$50k - $100k
$100k - $500k
$500k +
All fields are required
We will contact you within 24-48 hours
The Proof
The Proof