https://www.breauxmart.com/privacy-policy
Page Title Remove My StoreMy AccountStore LocatorContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseCareersSign Out Breaux Mart Supermarkets, which sometimes refers to itself as “we” or “us” in this Privacy Policy, is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our data collection and processing practices and your options regarding the use of your personal data. If you have any requests or questions concerning your personal information, please contact us at info@breauxmart.com.Please be advised that Breaux Mart Supermarkets practices with respect to data collected and used by Breaux Mart Supermarkets in connection with this website and each other Breaux Mart Supermarkets, Inc. website with links to this policy are governed by this online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) as amended from time to time, and not by the privacy policy in effect at the time the data was collected. Please review our Privacy Policy regularly.If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Site and the Products and Services enabled by the Site.Information CollectedBreaux Mart Supermarkets collects the information which is provided by you on registration, together with information we learn about you from your use of our service, your visits to our web site, and your visits to other sites accessible from our web site. We also collect information about the transactions you undertake, including details of payment cards used.We may collect additional information in connection with your participation in any promotional programs offered by Breaux Mart Supermarkets, and information you provide when giving us feedback or completing profile forms. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage, which enables us to improve the products and services which Breaux Mart Supermarkets and its Members provide. In addition, Breaux Mart Supermarkets will access the information retrieved through your use of your Breaux Mart Supermarkets Club Card.Use of Your Information and Your PreferencesWe will use your information to provide and personalize Breaux Mart Supermarkets services, to help us improve our service to you, and to make our communications more relevant.We will also use your contact details to regularly communicate with you. We may use your information to send you offers and information from Breaux Mart Supermarkets, as well as other carefully selected companies which we think may be of interest to you.Once you have registered to use breauxmart.com, you will be provided with access to a “Contact Preferences” page that will allow you to tailor our commercial communications to your preferences. To change your contact preferences simply click “My Account” in the top frame and click “Your Contact Preferences”. If you do not want to receive commercial communications from us, please select your choices by using the boxes available on that page.Breaux Mart Supermarkets would like to hear your views to help us improve our service. From time to time, we may contact you to solicit your opinions. Again, if you do not wish to be contacted for this purpose, please make your choice on the “Contact Preferences” page.Please note that there may be instances where it may be necessary for us to communicate with you, regardless of your contact preferences, for administrative or operational reasons relating to our service.Disclosures of Your InformationYour information may be used by Breaux Mart Supermarkets, Inc., all of its related companies, and all of its Members. We will never pass your personal data to anyone else, except for any successors to our business and the organizations that process data on our behalf. We may also use and disclose information in the aggregate (so that no individual customers are identified) for marketing programs, advertisers, and partners.Breaux Mart Supermarkets may display targeted advertisements based on personal information. Breaux Mart Supermarkets does not provide any individual personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view a targeted ad. Advertisers (including ad serving companies) may, however, assume that people who interact with, view, or click targeted ads meet the targeting criteria—for example, women ages 18-24 from a particular geographic area.We may transfer information about you if Breaux Mart Supermarkets is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Breaux Mart Supermarkets will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy by updating this page.Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Breaux Mart Supermarkets terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.Other Web SitesBreaux Mart Supermarkets web site may contain links to other web sites which are outside Breaux Mart Supermarkets control and are, therefore, not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.Cookies“Cookies” are small pieces of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. Breaux Mart Supermarkets uses cookies for a number of purposes, for instance to enable us to simplify the logging on process for registered users, to help ensure the security and authenticity of registered users, to provide the mechanisms for online shopping and to enable traffic monitoring.Breaux Mart Supermarkets uses both session ID cookies and/or persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time, unless you remove the cookie in the manner determined by your particular Internet browser. Disabling the cookie function for your Internet browser will restrict the online services you can use at the Breaux Mart Supermarkets website.Clear Gifs (Web Beacons)We use clear gifs on our sites from Google Analytics and other 3rd party vendors. This enables us to gauge the effectiveness of our services and marketing programs.SecurityThe security of your personal information is very important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Once we receive the data it is immediately re-encrypted prior to storage. By default, payment card data is permanently destroyed within 91 days of submission.Breaux Mart Supermarkets follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted by you, both during transmission and upon Breaux Mart Supermarkets receipt. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while Breaux Mart Supermarkets strives to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Changes in this Privacy StatementBreaux Mart Supermarkets reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here.