http://www.omnipromo.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Roy Pattillo
2019-04-26T06:19:41-06:00
OMNI PRIVACY POLICY
Our Commitment to Privacy
OMNI PROMOTIONAL(“Omni” or “We”), values our customers and respects your privacy. We collect information about you through our website in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, contests and/or promotions. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. As described in this policy, we may share your information, under certain circumstances, with third parties that provide services on our behalf or with whom we have partnered to offer a particular product or service.
This policy describes the personal information we collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information. If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears at the end of this policy. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you. You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below. What kind of information does Omni collect?
We may collect personal information from you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, credit card number, gender, birthday, personal interests, etc., when you visit our website, place an order online or by phone, save your information with us online, contact us with a question or concern, or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. We may also maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online or by phone. We may combine all of this information with information about you that we acquire from our joint marketing partners or from unrelated third parties.
How does Omni use my information?
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our products, services, contests, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions
To help us learn more about your shopping preferences
To help us address problems with and improve our website design, products and services
To enhance your shopping experience
To analyze trends and statistics
To protect the security or integrity of our website and our business
To contact you if necessary
You always have the choice not to receive marketing information or calls. For instructions on opting out, please see the section entitled, “How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications?”, below.
Does Omni share my information?
NO!  We don’t share your information with anyone for any reason at this time.  We may in future times contact you to request permission to include you in a marketing opportunity where we may be collaborating with a partner, but at that time we will ask permission from you and allow you the ability to opt-in or out at said time.
How do I access or change my information?
You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online site (such as your name and contact information). To access your information at the website, simply sign in to your account, and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile.
You can also ask us to update your personal information by contacting us as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below. Please note that any request to update your personal information may take up to 10 days for your email request and 6-8 weeks for your postal mail request.
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications?
Omni wants to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information, such as information about new offerings and sales opportunities, you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below.
Please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from Omni. If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a “do not contact” file to ensure that we can honor your request. It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from Omni. If you change your mind, you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences, by signing up when you visit our website or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, or by contacting customer service.
Please note that when you make an online purchase from us, we will continue to confirm your order status and shipment by email. We may also need to contact you via telephone, email or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order.
How does Omni protect kids’ privacy?
Omni is concerned about the privacy and safety of children when they use the Internet. We will never knowingly request personally identifiable information online from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. Our website is a general audience website and is not targeted to or intended for use by children.
How does Omni use cookies?
Our website uses “cookies,” which are small data files that are stored on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies enable you to shop on our website and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience.
For example, we may use cookies to enable you to use certain website features, remember the items in your shopping cart, store your preferences, recognize you when you return to our website, track your orders, and monitor and maintain information about your use our website. Cookies may also be used to collect transaction information needed by a scrip or loyalty program to which you have authorized us to provide your personal information. (See the section entitled, “Does Omni share my information?”, above.)
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you do not accept cookies, however, you will not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our website.
How does Omni use pixel tags?
We may use “pixel tags” (also called “web beacons” or “clear gifs”), which are tiny graphic images, on our website and in our emails. Pixel tags, if we elect to use them, will help us analyze our customers’ online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our website and our advertising. We would, in all likelihood, work with service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this information.
Pixel tags on our site may be used to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the website. This information may include your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address, your browser type, your operating system, date and time information, and other technical information about your computer. We may also track certain information about the identity of the website you visited immediately before coming to our site. We do not otherwise track any information about your use of other websites.
Pixel tags and cookies in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us. We may also work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our advertising and other communications. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
We may combine the information we collect through cookies and pixel tags with other information we have collected from you. This information may be used to improve our website, to personalize your online experience, to tailor our communications with you, to determine the effectiveness of our advertising, and for other internal business purposes.
How do I know my personal information is secure?
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. We have in place certain physical, electronic, contractual, and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information.
When you enter your personal information on our website, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us. To make sure you are accessing our secure server before you submit personal financial information, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser), then SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from “http” to “https.”
If for any reason you cannot access the secure server, or if you’re not quite comfortable shopping online at our website, please feel free to place your order with us by telephone at the number listed in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?”, below.
What is “phishing”?
“Phishing” is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.
What about links to other websites?
For your convenience and information, our website may contain links to other websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked website. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any website that you access through our website.
How do I contact you?
For questions about our privacy policy, to make choices about receiving promotional communications, to update your personal information, or to place an order, you can contact Omni by email, telephone, or postal mail:
Omni Promotional
P.O. Box 272710
Louisville, CO 80027
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Omni who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at the following address:
Omni Promotional
P.O. Box 271710
Louisville, CO 80028
Attn: Privacy Rights
Last Revised: 1/14/2019