http://www.clabbergirl.com/policies
Policies – Clabber Girl
Clabber Girl Store Alert: We apologize for the inconvenience, our online store is currently unavailable. Please visit your local store to purchase or request our products.
Login
Register
View Cart
Brands
Company
Services & Capabilities
Search for:
Toggle navigation
MENU
Recipes
Home Bakers
FAQs
Baking for Beginners
Baking Resources
Baking Lesson Plans
How To Videos
Baker’s Blog
Featured Product
Contact Us
Food Service
Soft Serve
Private Label
Request a Quote
FAQs
Industrial
Encap Ingredients
Applications
Retailers
Private Label
Baking Powder
Baking Soda
Corn Starch
Brands
Clabber Girl
Rumford
Royal Baking Powder
Davis
Hearth Club
Fleischmann’s
Royal® Dessert Mixes
KC Baking Powder
Shop
Corporate
History
Food Safety
Distribution Channels
Capabilities
Private Label Overview
Careers
Export Opportunities
Museum & Bake Shop Café
Museum
Bake Shop Café
Events
Where to Buy
Policies
Privacy Statement
Clabber Girl Corporation (“Clabber Girl”) understands and is sensitive to the concerns you may have about releasing your information (“User Information”) to us. It is our hope that, after reading this Privacy Statement, you will understand our privacy practices and how we will use your User Information.
The following sections discuss our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Clabber Girl website:
Information Collection and Use
Clabber Girl is the sole owner of the User Information collected on this Clabber Girl website. By entering User Information on this Clabber Girl website, you consent to our use of the User Information for purposes discussed herein, as well as for purposes related to this Clabber Girl website and the services offered and/or provided on or in connection with this Clabber Girl website. Without limiting the foregoing, by giving us User Information you are giving us permission to contact you. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from those disclosed in this Privacy Statement. We do not intend to collect information from children under 13 years of age. If we discover that this Clabber Girl website has inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 years of age, we will promptly take all reasonable measures to delete that data from our systems.
Information Sharing
Clabber Girl may share any User Information collected on this Clabber Girl website with its affiliated companies and with non-affiliated third parties selected by Clabber Girl. By entering User Information on this Clabber Girl website, you consent to the disclosure of your User Information to Clabber Girl affiliates and non-affiliated third parties selected by Clabber Girl. Clabber Girl makes no representation or warranty as to the security or privacy of User Information after it has been disclosed to a non-affiliated third party. For more information regarding third parties and their privacy policies, please refer to their respective websites and consult any privacy policies posted there.
We may share aggregated demographic information with third party sponsors and advertisers. This aggregated demographic information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. In addition, we may disclose any information collected from this Clabber Girl website (i) if required or permitted pursuant to any applicable law, regulation, or court or administrative order; (ii) in connection with any user’s violation of posted terms of use for this Clabber Girl website or other agreements with Clabber Girl; (iii) to protect the property of Clabber Girl or its affiliates; or (iv) to protect the personal safety of employees of Clabber Girl or its affiliates, other users of this Clabber Girl website, or a member of the public. Clabber Girl also may disclose and/or transfer User Information to a purchaser or transferee of all or a portion of its assets in conjunction with the sale or transfer of such assets.
Security
This Clabber Girl website uses industry-standard security measures to protect certain User Information. When our Site asks users to enter sensitive information, that information is protected with encryption software such as Secure Sockets Layer – SSL.
Unfortunately, no data transmitted over or accessible through the public Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we attempt to protect a user’s personally identifiable information, Clabber Girl cannot ensure or warrant that any User Information will be completely secure from misappropriation by hackers or from other nefarious or criminal activities, or in the event of a failure of computer hardware, software, or a telecommunications network.
Links
This Clabber Girl website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Clabber Girl is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Statement is subject to change without notice. If we decide to change this Privacy Statement, we will post a notice of the change on this Clabber Girl website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small computer file that is stored on a user’s computer and contains information that this Clabber Girl website uses. We use cookies to store information that helps us analyze what is happening on our site so we can improve the functionality. Our cookies do not contain financial, tax-related, or personally identifiable information (such as social security number, log-in id, or user name). Clabber Girl does not correlate the cookie information with data about individual users, nor does it share this information or sell it to any third party. If you prefer not to receive cookies from this Clabber Girl website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. Please be aware, however, that certain features of this Clabber Girl website may be unavailable if your browser is not set to support or enable cookies.
Contact Information
If you would like to contact us with questions or comments concerning the accuracy and/or privacy of your information, or if you believe that Clabber Girl has not adhered to this Privacy Statement, please notify us by contacting the following:
Clabber Girl Corporation
P.O. Box 150
Terre Haute, IN USA 47808-0150
We welcome your questions and comments.
Clabber Girl Corporation
Clabber Girl. It’s a name synonymous with baking in America. And for good reason! Since 1850, our baking ingredients, including America’s #1 brand of baking powder, Clabber Girl, have been beloved by bakers of all ages. Today, we continue to manufacture in Terre Haute, Indiana, our home since the company’s inception.
In addition to our popular baking powder, we have a full line of baking ingredients and dessert mixes, which includes baking soda, corn starch, pudding and pie filling, gelatin, soft serve and more. We manufacture and package our products in a variety of sizes to fit any need from retail and food service to industrial.
Email Newsletter Signup
Contact UsRequest Info / FAQs
Payment Terms
About UsHeadquarters
Employment
All Products
Who We ServeHome Bakers
Pastry Chefs
Distributors
Manufacturers
Private Label
Retailers
© 2020 Clabber Girl Corporation. All rights reserved.
Policies > Terms of Use > Sitemap