https://www.abatix.com/help/privacy-and-security
Home
|
Privacy & Security
Abatix Privacy Policy
Abatix Corp. is committed to protecting your online privacy while providing you with the most useful and enjoyable Web experience possible. While you can use many features of Abatix Corp. anonymously, you are required to provide personal information to gain access to some of our premium services and to complete online orders.
How we collect and use personal information
Registering for membership on Abatix.com gives you access to all the site’s information and features. When you access the Logon Screen, we will ask you for your: Name, Customer ID, Password, Email Address, and a Password Hint. This information is used to setup your account with Abatix.com so that you can place orders. During the Checkout Process, we will ask for your: P.O. Number, Name, Email, Shipping Address, and type of Payment. We collect this information to complete your order and to notify you of your order status.
With your approval, we may occasionally send e-mail to notify you about important changes to the site, new services, and special offers from Abatix. If you would rather not receive these e-mail notifications, you may simply opt-out.
Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to of our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Site. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you. You can also opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
Consumer Privacy
Abatix does not collect consumer information.
Our Do Not Track Policy
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals, but we do provide you the option to opt out of behavioral advertising. To learn more about OBA or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website or Digital Advertising Alliance website. Options you select are browser and device-specific.
Information from Other Sources
We collect data that’s publicly available. For example, information you submit in a public forum (e.g. a blog, chat room, or social network) can be read, collected, or used by us and others, and could be used to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances.
We also obtain information provided by a third party. For instance, we obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing guest information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our guests (for example, adding address information).
This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you.
Third Party Cookies
To opt out of third-party cookies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website.
Other web site analytics services – for example, Google Analytics provides services that analyze information regarding visits to Abatix.com. They use cookies and web beacons to collect this information.
To learn about Google Analytics privacy practices or to opt out of cookies set to facilitate reporting, click here.
Sharing with Other Companies (for their marketing purposes)
We do not share your information with other companies for their marketing purposes.
What we provide to third parties
Abatix Corp. does not provide any third-party access to your personal information. We may provide third parties with aggregate statistics about our customers, traffic patterns, and related site information. This data reflects site usage patterns gathered during thousands of customer visits to our Web site each month, but it does not contain behavioral or identifying information about any individual member.
E-mail
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, contact us or call 888-222-8499 to opt out.
You also have the ability to unsubscribe from promotional e-mails via the opt out link included in each promotional e-mail.
Legal Requirements
We may disclose information we collect when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply applicable terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our guests or others.
Service Providers
We may share the information we collect with companies that provide support services to us (such as a printer, e-mail, mobile marketing, analytics providers, web hosting providers, call center/chat providers, sweepstakes vendors, payment processors, coupon delivery vendors, data enhancement, or fraud prevention providers) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
How is Your Information Used?
Product and Service Fulfillment
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, returns/exchanges, or requests for information about our products and services in our stores, website, or mobile website, or to otherwise serve you
Connect with Abatix regarding guest service via social media or internet chat platforms
Provide services such as a shopping list
Conduct a transaction where we collect information required by law (for example, pseudoephedrine or age-restricted purchases)
Our Marketing Purposes
Deliver coupons, mobile coupons, newsletters, in-store receipt messages, e-mails, mobile messages, and social media notifications
Provide interactive features of the website or mobile applications, such as product reviews or marketing communications and other information regarding products, services and promotions
Administer promotions, surveys, and focus groups
Internal Operations
Improve the effectiveness of our website, stores, mobile experience, and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis, including focus groups and surveys
Perform other business activities as needed, or as described elsewhere in this policy
Fraud Prevention
To prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our guests and our business (e.g. product recalls)
Legal Compliance
For example, assist law enforcement and respond to legal/regulatory inquiries
Abatix Automated Collection
We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as an Abatix guest. If we are able to identify you as an Abatix guest we may, for example, link your activity on our website to your activity in an Abatix store. This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience regardless of how you interact with us – online, in store, mobile, etc.
Automated Information Collection
We and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us through your computer or mobile device. This information, which includes the pages you visit on our site, which web address you came from, the type of browser/device/hardware you are using, purchase information and checkout process, search terms and IP-based geographic location, helps us recognize you, customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant. These technologies also enable us to provide features such as storage of items in your cart between visits. We may also use Flash cookies for fraud prevention purposes.
In order to provide the best guest experience possible, we also use these technologies for reporting and analysis purposes, such as how you are shopping our website, performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts.
Third-Party Automated Collection
Abatix participates in online behavioral advertising (OBA), also known as interest-based advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online. Abatix adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory principles for OBA.
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website. We use this information to serve ads for Abatix products or services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites. These companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g. IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These parties typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information.
Consent
By your use of this Site, you consent to this Policy. Abatix Corp. reserves the right to change this Policy at any time. All changes will be posted on this page. Your continued use of the Site will constitute your acceptance of such changes. Check back regularly for updates to this Policy and the latest privacy policy information.
Credit Card Processing
We share information with our credit card processor to bill users for goods and services: Element Payment Services. Element Payment Services do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Policy Updates
From time to time We may change our privacy policies because of changes in the relevant and applicable legal or regulatory requirements, changes in our business or business practices, or in our attempts to better serve our customers. Notice of any material changes in the manner in which We handle personally identifiable information under this policy will be provided on the Sites. Please check the Site periodically for updates. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted on the Site. By continuing to use the Site after We post any changes, you agree to the terms of the updated policy.
Questions
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact Abatix by email: contact.abatix@abatix.com or call 1-888-222-8499 toll free.
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Locations
Careers
Support
Help / FAQ
eProcurement
Services
Supplier Partners
Resources
Learning Center
Safety Data Sheets
Account
Sign In / Register
Orders and Returns
Site Map
Privacy & Security
Terms of Access
©
Abatix Corp. All Rights Reserved.
Cookie NoticeThe ABATIX website uses cookies to personalize your experience on our site, analyze how our site is used and serve targeted ads and offers in order to provide you with a better experience.  For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy.  To accept cookies from this site, please select the ‘Accept’ button.AcceptNot Accept