http://www.dixonvalve.com/terms-use
Skip to main content
Welcome to DixonUSA | EnglishUSA | EnglishAUS | EnglishCHN | EnglishSGP | EnglishCAN | EnglishGBR | GermanGBR | English, BritishGBR | FrenchGBR | RussianSWE | English, BritishIRL | English, BritishNOR | English, BritishDNK | GermanDNK | English, BritishFIN | English, BritishARE | English, BritishMex | Mexico
Log in
Career Opportunities
Careers
877.963.4966
Dixon Valve US
Menu
Search
Type
Entire SiteProducts
ProductsCam & Groove
Clamps, Sleeves & Ferrules
Dixon Retail Displays
Engineered Fluid Transfer Couplings
Fire Fittings & Accessories
Hose & Tubing
Hose Coupling Systems
Hydraulic Fittings
Industrial Hose Fittings
Loading Arms
Maintenance & Repair
Nozzles, Spray Guns & Accessories
Pipe, Welding & Tube Fittings
Pneumatic Accessories
Pneumatic Fittings
Pumps
Sanitary/Hygienic Fittings
Vacuum Fittings
Valves
MarketsAgriculture
Chemical Processing
Construction
Fire Protection
Food & Beverage Processing
Forestry
General Maintenance & Repair
Mining
Oil and Gas
Pharmaceutical
Steel Processing
Transportation
DivisionsDixon Accessories
Dixon Bayco
Dixon Boss
Dixon Brass
Dixon Fire
Dixon Quick Coupling
Dixon Sanitary
Dixon Specialty Products
Knowledge CenterBlog
Certifications
Events
Information
Interactive Tools
Literature & Publications
Mobile Apps
Services
Technical
Videos
About UsDixon Careers
Dixon History
Dixon Mission
Dixon News
Dixon's Value Proposition
Contact Us
Terms of Use
PRIVACY POLICY:
Please read this policy carefully as it informs you as to how we collect, use and generally look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
As used in this document, “We” are The Dixon Group, Inc., a leading innovator and provider in the hose coupling industry, headquartered in Chestertown, Maryland, USA, with subsidiary affiliate offices and distribution centers both inside and outside the USA (collectively referred to in this policy as “Dixon Group”) [Contact Page for local office addresses in UK/EU and Australia].
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you have the choice not to use our website. By accessing or using this website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change or otherwise be updated from time to time. Your continued use of the website after we make any changes will be deemed to be your acceptance of those changes, so we strongly suggest that you check this policy periodically for updates.
We are the data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation, and any other applicable data protection legislation from time to time.
If you have any questions about privacy or data protection, please Contact Us.
As a general principle, we process your personal data where we have a lawful basis to do so, such as where it is necessary in connection with a contract between us (such as a contract to purchase or supply our products or services), where it is necessary in order for us to comply with our legal obligations, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, or where we have your consent (but as a general practice we also consider whether your right to privacy overrides our interest).
Please note that links from our website may take you to external websites that are not covered by this policy. We recommend that you check their privacy policies before submitting any personal information to such sites. We shall not be responsible for the content, function, or information collection policies of these external websites.
What information do we collect about you and how do we collect it?
In general, we collect and use personal information on our website to support our business and relationships with our various partners, distributors, and suppliers, and to interact with our customers and their designated representatives who purchase and use or who express interest in our products and services.
You are not required (by law or by any contract with us) to provide personal information to us via this website. You do not have to be a registered user of our site to view some of the content and features of this website.
However, if you choose to create an account or wish to transact business with us using the website, you may be required to provide us with certain personal information to access certain areas of the site that are restricted to customers or registered users, and so that we may provide certain of our information, products, and services to you.
Information you provide to us
We may receive personal information from you. For example, if you choose to register with the website or to use the website to interact with us, certain personal information may be required to establish your and/or your company’s account or to identify your role within your organization.
Other examples include doing the following:
Filling out a web form.
Inquiring about and/or purchasing our products or services.
Inquiring about supplying us with your products and services.
Using and browsing our website as a registered user.
Signing up for our newsletters or marketing communications, whether or not you are a registered user.
Telephoning, faxing, texting, writing by mail, or emailing us.
Providing payment or shipping information.
Inquiring about, or applying for, job opportunities.
Interacting with our customer service team.
This information may include the following:
Normal business identification information, such as your full name, job title, employer, and role.
Contact information, such as your business address, email address, and telephone numbers.
Additional information relevant to your use of our site and services, such as your marketing preferences, survey responses, and feedback.
Information about your shipment, including information about the recipient.
Payment information.
With respect to job applications, your CV including details of your education and employment history (and any other information which you may choose to provide to us with your résumé or CV or in connection with your job application).
Information related to the administration of your account (e.g., passwords, hints, reminders, account recovery information, etc.)
We may collect such information directly from you or in some instances from your company.
Information we collect about you on our website
As you navigate and interact with our website we may collect information using cookies and other automatic data collection technologies to help distinguish you from other users of our website. These can streamline your online experience by, for example, saving you from re-inputting information and also allow us to support and make improvements to our website. For more information about how and why we use cookies and how you may manage them on your device, please take a look through our Cookie Policy described further down this page.
When you visit our website, the information we collect using such automated means may include, for example:
Which pages you view and which links you follow.
Your IP address and general location.
Details of the hardware and software that you are using to access the site.
If you choose to log in using a third party, we will record your login provider.
If you choose to link your account to a third-party marketplace to import items for shipment, we will record the details necessary to facilitate that link.
A device identifier (cookie or IP address) for fraud prevention.
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, and other communication data.
Where orders originate from advertising sources, we record the source of each order. This is purely to allow us to assess the effectiveness of these advertisements and is not used for customer profiling of any kind.
The information we collect automatically on the website may be associated with personal information we collect in other ways (for example, transaction history) or that we receive from third parties.
Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Information we collect or receive about you from other sources
Sometimes you will have given your consent for other websites, services, or third parties to provide information to us, for example, our suppliers and distributors. We also may collect information about you from other sources. This may include the following:
Publicly available information, from a variety of sources.
Information you have shared publicly, including on social media (particularly with respect to job applications).
This list is not exhaustive, and, in specific instances, we may collect additional data for the purposes set out in this policy.
How do we use your personal information?
We take privacy and data protection law seriously, so below we have set out how and why we use your information and describe our legal basis for using your information.
Supplying our products and providing our services
It is necessary for us to use personal information about you to enter into and perform the contracts that we make with you (or your business), such as when you become a customer or when you interact with us as a customer or otherwise as a representative of your business. In particular, where our contract is with your business, we have a legitimate interest to use your information in this way. Using your information in this context is necessary so that we can interact appropriately with you, including for example to:
Provide you with information about your contract with us.
Provide you with information about any warranty we provide to you.
Provide you with information about our products and services.
Fulfill your order and perform our obligations under our contract with you.
Verify your identity.
Address any complaints you may have.
Contact you about any changes that we make to our products or services.
Administer our website, including troubleshooting problems, analyzing statistics, conducting research and tests, and keeping the site secure.
If you inquire about or apply for, a job vacancy, it is necessary for us to use your personal information as part of the recruitment process, in order to assess your suitability for a particular role.
Telling you about other products or services that we think may be of interest to you
We may use your information to identify and tell you about our products or services that we think may be of interest to you. We do this, for example, where you have informed us that you would like to receive marketing communications.
Whether you choose to receive marketing communications is entirely up to you. Your choice will not affect any products or services that you have purchased from us, nor will it affect any quotes for products or services you buy in the future.
You can update your preferences by using the links in any of our emails to you, or by Contacting Us.
Telling you about products or services that are similar to ones that you have already bought
If you have already bought a service from us, or you have already obtained a quote from us, we have a legitimate interest to contact you with information about services that are similar.
We may contact you by phone, email, or text message, or other common means, and you can choose not to receive these messages at any time. Simply follow the instructions in the message, or get in touch using our website.
Making our business better
We always want to offer the best products, services, and experience that we can. Sometimes this means we may use your information to find ways that we can improve what we do, or how we do it.
In this context, we may use your information where it is necessary so that we can:
Review and improve our existing products and services and develop new ones.
Review and improve the performance of our systems, processes, and staff (including training).
Improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Measure and understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you.
We have a legitimate interest to use your information in these ways to improve our business and, in some cases, when it may be necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations.
Contacting you
We want to stay in touch with you. Sometimes we may need to use the information that we have about you in order to respond to your questions or let you know about important changes.
We may use your information so that we can:
Interact and respond to any communications you send us, including where you contact us through our website and any social media posts that you tag us in.
Let you know about any important changes to our business or policies.
Verifying your identity
We may use your information where it is necessary for us to do so to verify your identity, protect the integrity of our website and services, to meet our legal obligations, or to detect and prevent fraud, money-laundering, and other crimes.
Protecting you and others from harm
We may use your information where it is necessary to protect our or your interests, or the interests of others. This may include in the event of criminality such as identity theft, piracy or fraud, or to comply with legal requirements.
Other Described Uses
We may use your information in any other way we describe when you provide the information, or for any other purpose for which you have provided consent.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Who do we share your personal information with?
Sharing your information within our company and group
We share the information that you provide to us with our staff so that we can provide our products and services to you and generally to fulfill the purpose for which you have provided it. We may share the information that you provide to us with other companies within the Dixon Group which may be based in different locations around the world including North America, Europe, Asia, Australia. Whenever we share your personal information with any such third parties, we will have appropriate safeguards in place to protect that information.
Sharing your information with third parties
We may share your data with selected third parties. For example, we may share your information with:
Our contractors, service providers, suppliers and distributors, and other third parties we use to conduct our business, and related infrastructure, including, for example, third-party services we use to verify and correct postal address and other shipping information.
Third-party couriers and services for deliveries.
Payment service providers, for making and receiving payments.
Contact management systems to send emails, instant messages, social media messages, and SMS messages.
There are certain exceptional circumstances in which we may disclose your information to third parties. This would be where we believe that the disclosure is:
Required by the law, or in order to comply with judicial proceedings, court orders, or legal, government, or regulatory proceedings.
Necessary to protect the rights and/or safety of our employees, our property, or the public.
Necessary for the prevention or detection of crime, including exchanging information with other companies or organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Proportionate as part of a merger, business or asset sale, or a restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or as part of a bankruptcy.
Necessary or appropriate to enforce or apply our terms of use or other agreements, including for payment or collection purposes.
If you are based inside the European Economic Area, transferring your personal information outside of the European Economic Area
In certain circumstances, we may share your personal information with third parties or other members of the Dixon Group who are located outside of the EEA. Whenever we share your personal information with any such third parties, we will ensure that we have appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the protection of that information. For further information about the safeguards that we have in place, please Contact Us.
How long do we keep your personal information?
Our intention is to only store your personal information for as long as we reasonably need it for the purposes for which it was collected or as may be required by law. For example, where we provide you with a service, we will retain any information you provide to us at least for as long as we continue to provide that service to you and for such periods as we retain information for audit, recordkeeping, compliance, and enforcement purposes. If your information is associated with a product or service warranty, we may retain your information for longer periods so that we may fulfill our warranty obligations.
If you apply for a job vacancy (or otherwise send us your resume or CV) we will retain your resume or CV (and any publicly available information, for example from social media) for a period of 1 (one) year following an employment decision. If we are considering you for a particular role, we may retain this information for longer than that period.  If we hire you, we will retain your resume or CV for the length of your employment, plus seven (7) years.
In other circumstances, we will keep your information for as long as is necessary to allow us to achieve the original purpose for which that information was collected.
How do we protect your personal information?
We will take steps reasonably necessary so that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.
We try to ensure that the information you provide to us is transferred securely via the website. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will take reasonable steps to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to or from our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will apply appropriate procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
The information you provide to us may be stored on third party secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password – and your account - confidential. We ask you not to share a password or your account information with anyone.
What rights do you have with respect to your personal information?
For information that is subject to the GDPR, individuals have the following rights with respect to their personal information:
You have the right to be informed
We have written this policy to provide you with concise, transparent, intelligible, and easily accessible information about your personal information and our use of it. If you have any questions or require more specific information, please Contact Us.
You have the right to access your personal data
You have the right to ask us to confirm whether or not we hold any of your personal information. If we do, you may request a copy of your information and be informed of the following:
Why we have been using your information.
What categories of information we were using.
Who we have shared the information with.
How long we envisage holding your information.
In order to maintain the security of your information, we will have the right to verify your identity before we provide you with a copy of the information we hold.
The first copy of your information that you request from us will be provided free of charge, if you require further copies we may charge an administrative fee to cover our costs. Please Contact Us if you wish to request access to our data.
You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal data
Where you have requested a copy of the information we hold about you, you may notice that there are inaccuracies in the records, or that certain parts are incomplete. If this is the case, you can Contact Us so that we can correct our records.
You have the right to be forgotten
There may be times where it is no longer necessary for us to hold personal information about you. This could be if:
The information is no longer needed for the original purpose that we collected it for.
You withdraw your consent for us to use the information (and we have no other legal reason to keep using it).
You object to us using your information and we have no overriding reason to keep using it.
We have used your information unlawfully.
We are subject to a legal requirement to delete your information.
In those situations, you have the right to have your personal data deleted. In certain situations, it may be required that an alternate, replacement contact be designated so that we may continue serving your organization. If you believe one of these situations applies to you, please Contact Us.
You have the right to have a copy of your data transferred to you or a third party in a compatible format
Also known as data portability, you may request a copy of your personal data for your own purposes. This allows you to move, copy, or transfer your personal data more easily from one IT system to another, in a safe and secure way.
If you would like us to transfer a copy of your data to you or another organization in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, please Contact Us. There is no charge for you exercising this right.
You have the right to object to direct marketing
You can tell us at any time that you would prefer that we do not use your information for direct marketing purposes. If you would not like to receive any direct marketing from us, please Contact Us or use the links provided in any of our marketing communications, and we will stop sending direct marketing immediately.
You have the right to object to us using your information for our own legitimate interests
Sometimes, we use your personal information to achieve goals that will help us as well as you. This includes:
When we tell you about products or services that are similar to ones that you have already bought.
When we use your information to help us make our business better.
When we contact you to interact, communicate, or let you know about the changes we are making.
If you believe that the way we are using your data is not justified due to its impact on you or your rights, you may object. Unless we have a compelling reason to continue, we will stop using your personal data for such purposes.
To exercise your right to object to our use of your data for the purposes above, please Contact Us.
You have the right to restrict how we use your personal data
You may ask us to stop using your personal data in any way other than simply keeping a copy of it. This right is available where:
You have informed us that the information we hold about you is inaccurate, and we have not yet been able to verify this.
You have objected to us using your information for our own legitimate interests and we are in the process of considering your objection.
We have used your information in an unlawful way, but you do not want us to delete your data.
We no longer need to use the information, but you need it for a legal claim.
If you believe any of these situations apply, please Contact Us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
This version was last updated on May 19, 2020, and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
Complaints
If you wish to make a complaint about our collection or use of your personal data, please Contact Us in the first instance so that we may seek to resolve your complaint.
For information that is subject to the GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) or the appropriate Data Protection Regulator in your jurisdiction. Please visit the ICO website (or the website of the appropriate Data Protection Regulator in your jurisdiction) if you wish to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Regulator.
Contact Details
Post:Within the United States: 800 High Street, Chestertown, Maryland 21620  USA
Outside the United States: 350 Leach Place, Walton Summit Centre, Bamber Bridge, Preston PR5 8A, Lancashire, England, UK
Email: compliance@dixonvalve.com
SUPPLEMENTAL CCPA PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Supplemental CCPA Privacy Notice for California Residents (the “CCPA Notice”) applies solely to visitors and users residing in the State of California (“Consumers”).  It supplements the Dixon Privacy Policy explained earlier on this page and is provided to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).
The CCPA includes temporary exemptions regarding certain personal information collected in a business-to-business context (“B2B”). This CCPA Notice is not intended to and does not cover exempted or excluded information, and also does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals.
Information We Collect
Dixon may have collected personal information from California Consumers within the last twelve (12) months in the following categories:
Category
Examples
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Sources of Personal Information and Purposes of Use
We may obtain personal information in the categories listed above directly from you (for example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase) or indirectly (for example, from observing your actions on our website). We wish to receive only personal information which relates to you in your business capacity. Dixon does not wish to receive your private (non-business) contact or other personal information.
Personal information is used for our business purposes, such as to operate our business, for supplying and communicating with you about our products and services, to improve our website, to contact and interact with you (e.g., via email and messaging services), to verify your identity, to personalize your experience using the website, to maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website and business, to protect from harm, to respond to your requests or otherwise fulfill or meet the reason for which you provided the information, for recordkeeping/accounting and as otherwise required by law, and for other purposes we describe when you provide the information.
Dixon does not wish to receive and does not knowingly collect information about minors under 16 years old.
Sharing of Personal Information
Dixon does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for consideration.  Dixon believes that it does not “sell” personal information as the term is defined in the CCPA.
We do disclose or share personal information for our business purposes, such as with affiliated Dixon companies within The Dixon Group, and with certain third parties (e.g., to supply our products and services, and to process, support and fulfill your orders, and for the other purposes described above).  This may include sharing with categories of third parties such as our contractors, service providers, suppliers, distributors, and other third parties we use to conduct our business and related infrastructure (e.g., payment service providers, third-party services we use to verify and correct postal address and other shipping information, and contact management systems).
We also may make certain disclosures as required to comply with legal requirements or to prevent harm.
Dixon does not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
Your Rights Under the CCPA
The CCPA provides California Consumers with specific rights and provides temporary exemptions for certain information collected in a business-to-business context (“B2B”).
Right of Access and Portability of Data: The CCPA allows you to request certain information about the collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months.  However, because the personal information we collect is B2B personal information, we do not make access and portability rights available for such B2B personal information.
Deletion Rights: The CCPA allows you to request the deletion of personal information collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions provided in the CCPA.  However, because the personal information we collect is B2B personal information, we do not make deletion rights available for such B2B personal information.
Opt-Out of Sales: California Consumers have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information.
Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising rights under the CCPA, but your exercise of rights may affect the level and types of offers, services, and products we may offer or provide to you.
To exercise the rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either calling us at 833.976.1849 or emailing us at compliance@dixonvalve.com.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period, and any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer’s request.  We will do our best to respond to verifiable requests in a timely manner as required by law.  Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information.
Changes to this CCPA Notice
We reserve the right to amend this notice at our discretion and at any time. We note that the implementing regulations for the CCPA have not yet been finalized by the Attorney General of California and that we may update our policy and/or practices based on such final regulations or based on additional guidance when they are available.  When we make changes to this notice, we will post the updated notice on the Dixon website and update the notice's date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
Last Updated: June 16, 2020
TERMS OF USE:
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE
Dixon Valve & Coupling Company, LLC and/or its affiliates (“Dixon”, “We” or “Us”) provides this website and related sites We provide under the dixonvalve.com domain, and their associated features, products, services, and functionality (collectively, the “Dixon Site”) subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”).
By accessing or using the Dixon Site, or by clicking or otherwise indicating your agreement when this option is made available to you (whether you are using the site as a guest or as a registered user), you accept and agree to be legally bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you must not access or use the Dixon Site.
The Dixon Site is a business-to-business site intended and offered only for use by customers or potential customers, suppliers, partners or employees of Dixon, with requisite authority and legal capacity to form a binding contract with Dixon and meet this requirement.  If you do not meet these requirements, you must not access or use the Dixon Site.
Online Orders. All purchases, orders and other transactions through the Dixon Site or resulting from your visits, are governed by the rules, policies, guidelines, warranties, and other terms and conditions that are specific to such transactions (“Transaction Terms”). You agree to comply with the Transaction Terms and agree that the Transaction Terms will have priority and control with respect to the corresponding transaction.
Changes to these Terms of Use.  We may revise and update these Terms of Use (or any Transaction Terms) from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when We post them and apply to all access to and use of the Dixon Site after posting. Your continued use of the Dixon Site following the posting of revised terms means that you accept and agree to the changes. We advise that you periodically check the Dixon Site so you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you. If you do not agree to any revisions, you must not continue to use the Dixon Site.
Privacy. Our Privacy Policy shown further down this page describes our privacy practices and also applies to your use of the Dixon Site. The Privacy Policy supplements and is a part of the Terms of Use.
Intellectual Property.  The Dixon Site and its contents, features and functionality (including without limitation, the information, text, graphics, images, audio, video, catalogs, inventory, and the selection, design, look-and-feel, and arrangement) (collectively, the “Dixon IP”) are the property of Dixon and its licensors, and/or the providers of such materials, and are protected by US and international copyright, trademark, patent, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.  Dixon IP is made available solely for and in connection with your authorized, lawful use of the Dixon Site, and Dixon IP may not be copied, stored, distributed, modified, displayed, performed, republished, excerpted, or otherwise used or exploited for any purpose, including by the creation of any derivative works.  All rights not granted expressly are reserved.
The Dixon Site contains trademarks, service marks, logos, and other marks owned by Dixon or third parties (“Trademarks”). All Trademarks used on the Dixon Site are the property of Dixon or the respective owner(s), and use shall inure to the benefit of Dixon and/or the respective owner.
Security and Responsibility for Your Account.  You agree that you are solely responsible for your own security in using the Dixon Site, and for implementing any precautions you consider to be necessary or appropriate for your use of the Dixon Site. You agree to provide and to maintain correct, current, and complete information for any registration or account that you may establish with Dixon.  You are further solely responsible for assuring the security and confidentiality of your account information, including the security and confidentiality of your passwords. It is your responsibility to notify Dixon immediately and to take appropriate action under the circumstances if you know or suspect that there is any breach of your account.
For any account you establish for or use with Dixon or the Dixon Site, you must complete the registration process by providing Us with current, complete and accurate information as provided in the applicable registration form. You agree that Dixon is the sole owner of the information collected via the Dixon Site. Furthermore, you are entirely responsible for any and all purchases, transactions, orders, and other activities that occur under or using your account.
User Contributions. The Dixon Site may contain features or functionality allowing you to interact with Dixon, including but not limited to message boards, chat functionality, forums, and messaging (“Interactive Services”), or to post, submit or otherwise transmit content or materials (“User Contributions”).  All User Contributions must comply with these Terms of Use and other acceptable use policies of Dixon, as such may be posted from time to time. Any User Contribution you post to the site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, regardless of whether it is marked or designated as confidential. By providing any User Contribution on the Dixon Site, you grant Us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and otherwise disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose/according to your account settings. By providing a User Contribution, you represent and warrant that:
You own or control all rights in and to the User Contribution and have the right to grant the license granted above to Us and our affiliates and service providers, and each of their and our respective licensees, successors, and assigns.
The User Contribution complies with these Terms of Use.
User Contributions are not verified or approved by Us. The views expressed by other users on the Dixon Site do not represent our views or values. If you wish to complain about content uploaded by other users, please Contact Us.
You are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not Dixon, have full responsibility including for its legality, reliability, accuracy, completeness, currency, and appropriateness. Dixon is not responsible or liable to any third party for any User Contributions.
Do not send to Dixon any confidential or proprietary information through the Dixon Site. Any information or material sent to Dixon will NOT be treated as confidential. You also agree that Dixon is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send Us for any purpose. However, We will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to Us unless: (a) We obtain your permission to use your name, or (b) We first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of the Dixon Site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) We are required to do so by law.
Termination of Access.  Dixon reserves and shall have the right to terminate or limit your access to any or all of the Dixon Site, for any reason, without liability. Without limiting the preceding, any violation of these Terms of Use shall automatically terminate your authorization to use or to access the Dixon Site.
Disclaimer of Warranty. THE DIXON SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL CONTENT, INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU VIA THE DIXON SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
EXCEPT AND SOLELY TO THE EXTENT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED OTHERWISE IN WRITING, DIXON DISCLAIMS AND MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED OR OTHER WARRANTIES: (I) OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, QUALITY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NO ENCUMBRANCES, NO LIENS, OR SYSTEM INTEGRATION; (II) CONFORMANCE TO ANY DEMONSTRATION OR PROMISE; (III) ARISING FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE; OR (IV) THAT THE DIXON SITE WILL BE FREE OF ERRORS OR DEFECTS, OR THAT ERRORS OR DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN WRITING, YOUR USE OF THE DIXON SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
Where the Dixon Site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval or an endorsement by Us of those linked websites or of any information you may access or obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and use or access to those sites is at your sole risk.
Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL DIXON OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE DIXON SITE OR ITS USE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
YOU AGREE THAT DIXON’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE DIXON SITE AND ITS USE SHALL BE LIMITED TO YOUR ACTUAL DIRECT DAMAGES INCURRED, NOT TO EXCEED THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID FOR THE TRANSACTION OR SERVICE DIRECTLY GIVING RISE TO THE DAMAGE.
THE PRECEDING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY APPLY TO ALL TYPES AND CAUSES OF ACTION, INCLUDING FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY, RELIANCE, NEGLIGENCE, AND OTHER TORTS, TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where or to the extent it would be unlawful to do so, including regarding limitations or exclusions of liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation where the law prohibits such limitations or exclusions.
Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you, which will be set out in our Transaction Terms.
Additional Acknowledgement.  If you are a business user, without limiting any of the preceding, for the avoidance of ambiguity or doubt, we exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to the Dixon Site or any content on it. We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with: (i) use of, or inability to use, the Dixon Site, (ii) use of or reliance on any content displayed on the Dixon Site, or (iii) loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue, business interruption, loss of anticipated savings, loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
Indemnity. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Dixon, its affiliates, licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to your violation of these Terms of Use or your use of the Dixon Site, including, but not limited to, your User Contributions, any use of the Dixon Site’s content, services, and products other than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, or your use of any information obtained from the Dixon Site.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction. All matters relating to the Dixon Site and to these Terms of Use, and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by, enforced, and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Maryland, USA, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.
If a court of competent jurisdiction holds that the preceding choice of governing law is unenforceable for any reason, then you and We agree that all matters relating to the Dixon Site and to these Terms of Use, and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by, enforced, and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the United Kingdom.
Any legal suit, action, or proceeding arising out of, or related to, these Terms of Use or the Dixon Site shall be instituted exclusively in the federal courts of the United States or the courts of the State of Maryland, USA, in each case located in the City of Baltimore, although We reserve and retain the right to bring any suit, action, or proceeding against you for breach of these Terms of Use in your country of residence, incorporation, or any other relevant jurisdiction. You waive any and all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such courts and to venue in such courts. You and Dixon each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action.
Arbitration. At Dixon’s sole discretion, We may require you to submit any disputes arising from these Terms of Use or use of the Dixon Site, including disputes arising from or concerning their interpretation, violation, invalidity, non-performance, or termination, to final and binding arbitration under the Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association applying Maryland law.
Waiver and Severability. No waiver by Dixon of any term or condition set out in these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Dixon to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent consistent with applicable laws and giving effect to the maximum extent reasonably possible to the original provision, such that the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and effect.
Geographic Restrictions. Access to the Dixon Site may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Dixon Site from outside the United States, you do so on your own initiative and are solely responsible for assuring your compliance with local laws.
COOKIE POLICY:
Our website uses cookies to collect certain information about you, your devices, and your browsing actions and patterns. This policy explains how and in what ways we use cookies on our websites. Please read it carefully and ensure that you understand it.
Your acceptance of this policy is deemed to occur when you press the “I Accept” button on our cookie policy popup that appears when you visit our site. You may choose to refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. Please see the ‘You decide which cookies we use’ section of this policy, below, for information about how to do this.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
A cookie is a small text file that is sent by a website to your browser and stored on your computer or device. Among its uses, cookies allow website operators to accumulate useful information, such as whether a user has visited the site before, and to show more relevant or personalized information when using the site.
We use cookies to help with the functioning and operation of our website, to recognize you and help us provide you with better and more relevant service, to maintain the site’s integrity and security, and generally to facilitate the purposes identified in our Privacy Policy. This may include, for example, tracking how people use our website, and collecting information about the devices used when visiting the site. They also allow us to personalize your experience by recording information about your transactions, settings, and preferences during and across your visits.
We may also use certain other technological tools on our website that perform similar or related functions, such as web beacons, tags, and pixels (sometimes also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs). For ease of reference, in this Policy we also refer to these technologies using the term “cookies.”
Your control over cookies
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. You can change your browser cookie preferences at any time through your browser settings. You may find out more about how to do this using common browsers at the following links:
Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Opera
Internet Explorer and Microsoft Edge
Adobe Flash
Many browsers also provide information about how to manage cookies in their “Help” sections.
Please bear in mind that if you don’t allow us to use certain cookies it may limit your use or access to certain parts of our website or result in a loss of some features or functionality which degrades your experience.
What Cookies Does Our Site Use?
We use both persistent cookies (which expire on a specified date) and session cookies (which expire when you close your browser). The cookies used on this website have been categorized based on definitions given in the ICC UK Cookie Guide, as follows:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They are sometimes referred to as “required cookies.”
Analytical/performance cookies. These cookies allow us to track and analyze the use of the website such as to recognize and count our website’s visitors and to see how visitors use and move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily. For example, we use Google Analytics performance cookies to provide anonymous statistics on how our site is used. Some of our performance cookies may be managed by third parties.
Functionality cookies. These cookies are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you and remember your login details and/or preferences (for example, your choice of language or region – or your cookies and marketing preferences).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. They may be used to display relevant information or adverts to you based on the pages that you visit.
Please note that certain approved third parties (including, for example, providers of web traffic analysis services such as Google Analytics) may also use cookies (alone or in conjunction with other technologies), over which we have no control. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
The following chart lists the cookies that may be placed on your computer or device when using our website:
Cookie
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to measure user interactions with our website, record information about the pages that have been seen as well as other interactions with elements within that content.
These cookies have a duration of up to 2 years.Please visithttps://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245, under the heading “Google Analytics Cookies”, to find out more information about how Google uses your personal data.
Hubspot
We use Hubspot to track our website activity and personalize the user journey whilst on our site.  Specifically, Hubspot is used to facilitate the collection of contact information on sign-up forms throughout our website.
These cookies have a duration of up to 1 year.
To find out more about the types of cookies that Hubspot uses, visit their website by clicking here: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/reports/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser
HotJar
We use Hotjar to track our user's movement and activity on our website.
These cookies have a duration of up to 1 year.
To find out more about the two types of cookies that Hotjar uses, you can visit their website by clicking here: https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us/articles/115011789248-Hotjar-Cookies
New Relic
We use New Relic to track page load times on our website.
These cookies expire immediately.
To find out more about the two types of cookies that New Relic uses, you can visit their website by clicking here: https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/browser/new-relic-browser/page-load-timing-resources/new-relic-cookies-used-browser
Cloudflare
We use Cloudflare to increase the availability of our website during scheduled maintenance, instances of high-traffic, and outages.
These cookies expire in 30 days.
To find out more about the two types of cookies that Cloudflare uses, you can visit their website by clicking here: https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170156-Understanding-the-Cloudflare-Cookies
Comm100
We use cookies from Comm100 to help users interact with our sales and technical support representatives. Users can access and communicate with our representatives by clicking on the Live Chat option given on our website.
These cookies do not expire.
Drupal
We use Drupal to manage content and user experience on our website.
These cookies expire immediately.
Changes to this Cookie Policy
We may alter this cookie policy at any time. Any such changes will become binding on you on your first use of our site after the changes have been made. You are therefore advised to check this page from time to time. In the event of any conflict between the current version of this cookie policy and any previous version(s), the provisions current and in effect shall prevail unless it is expressly stated otherwise.
Further Information
There is lots of information about cookies available online. For more information about cookies generally, visit allaboutcookies.org.
If you would like to know more about how we use cookies, please contact us at compliance@dixonvalve.com or by mail at 800 High Street, Chestertown, Maryland  21620 USA.
For more information about our practices regarding privacy, data protection, and our terms and conditions, please review the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use as outline previously on this page.
×
×