https://www.grindmaster.com/data-privacy-statement/
Skip to content
DATA PRIVACY STATEMENT
We
would like to provide you with information about what information about you
(your “personal data”) that we collect, what we use it
for, with whom we share it and what rights you have.
The types of personal data we collect:
A) Contact
information
- such as name, address, phone number, email address, and login
information;
B)
Information about your purchase of products or services
– such as product registration information, warranty information and
enrolment status in services;
C)
Consumer satisfaction and feedback
data
- such as the results of customer satisfaction and feedback surveys;
D)
Data collected when you are visiting our website -
such as data collected through cookies and other automatically collected
data to provide you with our websites, or information that you provide us
with when visiting our websites (such as through contact forms etc.)
;
E)
Data identifying the appliance
- such as PNC number, serial number, software version, MAC address,
model, colour etc;
F) Appliance
usage data
- such as
how and when the appliance is being used (frequency and which cycles)
G)
Data generated by the appliance itself
- such as operating data e.g. opening and closing of internal valves,
heating circuit use and efficiency, oven temperature, motor power,
activities driven by the appliance’s software in order to deliver the
cycle/function chosen by you; efficiency data e.g. water consumption,
energy consumption; situational Data e.g. conditions surrounding the
appliance such as ambient temperature, air humidity, water hardness.
How we collect personal data:
from you or your representative when purchasing your product, registering
your product, visiting our website, activating your account, ordering a
service, participating in our campaigns, creating a product review or when
downloading and using an application;
from our retailers and dealers;
from our third party service providers,
suppliers and partners;
from publicly available sources;
from social media, e.g. Facebook if you choose to use Facebook to
facilitate logging into our websites/ apps.
You may choose not to provide certain types of personal data to us. If you
choose to do so, this may affect our ability to provide you with, and your
ability to make use of, certain appliances and/or
services or their functionalities and features. However, unless otherwise
specified, your choice not to provide such information will not result in
legal consequences for you.
We may also combine the personal data you provide to us with other
information collected online or offline to the extent permitted by
applicable laws, including information provided by third parties, and use
or share it for the purposes described in this Data
Privacy Statement. We may anonymise the information
we collect (meaning that it can no longer be associated to you and hence no
longer constitutes personal data).
Why we process your personal data and the legal basis for the
processing
We may use your personal data for the following purposes (collectively “
Processing Purposes”):
Processing Purposes
Type(s) of personal data
Legal basis
To assist in the development, testing, enhancement and
modifications of our products and services
Types C, E, F and G above
Legitimate interest to enchance and modify our products and
services.
In the event of a contemplated or actual reorganisation,
merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment or
other disposition of all or any portion of our business,
assets and stock
Types A, B, C, D, E, F, and G above
Legitimate interest to facilitate and/or enable the
contemplated or actual reorganisation, merger, acquisition,
sale, joint venture, assignment or other disposition of all
or any portion of our business, assets and stocks.
To send you marketing communications
Your contact information (type A and B above)
Consent or Legitimate interest to market our products and
services.
To enable functionality in accordance with the description
of the appliance / service
Types A, E, F and G above
Fulfilment of contract
To provide you with products and services you have
requested
Types A, C, D, E, F and G above
Fulfilment of contract
To provide you with administrative notices such as user
guidance/ product safety notices relating to your
appliance,
service or account
Types A, B, E, F and G above
Fulfilment of contract
For troubleshooting and repairing purposes
Types A, E, F and G above
Fulfilment of contract
To communicate with you about your product, service or
account and similar customer service related activities
Types A, B, C, D, E, F and G above
Fulfilment of contract or other legitimate purpose, such as
to keep you informed about products, services or account
Internal business purposes, including security, analytics,
audit, and for our core operational activities
Types A, B, C, D, E, F and G above
Legitimate interest to facilitate and enable us to fulfil
our internal business purposes.
To evaluate your feedback when you rate and review our
products or services
Type A, C above
Legitimate interest of improving our products.
To manage and operate our websites and applications,
including online registration
Types A, B, C, D, E, F and G above
Fulfilment of contract or other legitimate interest such as
enhancing user experience.
Your consent
Where the processing activity is based on your consent, you have the right
to withdraw your consent at any time. The revocation of your consent will
however not affect the lawfulness of any processing based on your consent
before its withdrawal.
Information that we share
For the Processing purposes set out above, we may share or disclose your
personal data:
As required by law, to comply with legal process and/or to respond to
requests from public and government authorities;
With companies within the Electrolux Professional group;
With service providers and suppliers trusted to provide
services and appliances on
our behalf as well as with our partners;
With a third party in the event of a contemplated or actual
reorganisation, merger, acquisition, sale, joint venture, assignment or
other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets and stock;
To enforce our terms and conditions; or
To protect our rights.
When sharing personal data with a third party, Electrolux Professional
requires that such third party agrees to protect and handle your personal
data in accordance with all legal, regulatory and contractual obligations,
or other instructions we provide to them.
Your choices regarding marketing
and information
You have certain choices regarding how we use and share your
personal data for marketing and similar purposes.
Subject to your consent, Electrolux Professional may send you information
about appliances, services, events and promotions.
The communication may be sent via different channels: email, phone, SMS,
post, social networks. We would like to provide you with the best
experience, therefore the communication might be tailored based on the data
collected and your preferences.
Where required by law, we will obtain your prior consent. You may withdraw
your consent to marketing at any time For example, you can unsubscribe from
messages by following the unsubscribe instructions within the message
or go to your online account to update your
marketing preferences.
If you choose not to receive marketing communications, your personal data
may still be used for the other purposes described in this Data
Privacy Statement, such as communicating with you
for administrative or transaction purposes as part of the contractual
relationship we have with you or where required by law.
Your rights under EU/EEA law
If you are located in the EU/EEA, or if your personal data is otherwise
being processed by an entity belonging to Electrolux Professional Group
within the EU/EEA, you have the following rights:
A. Request access to your personal data;
B. Rectification of your personal data;
C. Request the erasure of your personal data;
D. Restrict the processing of your personal data;
E. Request that your personal data be provided in a format that can be
transferred to you or another organisation (portability);
F. Object to the processing of your personal data; and
G. Lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
If you have any questions regarding these rights, or if you would like to
exercise any of these rights, you may do so in writing, by phone or via
email.
Please note that exercising these rights may impact our ability to provide
you with certain appliances, functionality or
services.
Security of your personal data
Electrolux Professional will take appropriate technical and organizational
measures in line with applicable data protection laws, including requiring
our service providers, business partners or professional advisors to use
appropriate measures to protect your personal data.
Storage of your personal data
We will store your personal data for as long as may be required by law, or
as required under any contract. If there is no legal requirement, we will
retain information about you only for so long as is necessary for the
purpose/s for which it was collected.
International transfers
As a global company, we may store your personal data in the European Union
(EU) or in the European Economic Area (EEA) or other locations where we or
our service providers and suppliers are located or have servers.
We may transfer your information between Electrolux Professional Group
companies or transfer information to our international third party service
providers and suppliers acting on our behalf, for the purposes described in
this Data Privacy Statement.
Specific information to citizens of the EU/EEA with regard to
international transfers
Your information may be transferred to a country outside of the EU/EEA
which may not provide the equivalent level of data protection as the
EU/EEA. We provide appropriate safeguards and protections for such
cross-border transfers as required by law, including the use of Standard
Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission, Code of Conducts
and/or Binding Corporate Rules. You may request a copy of these documents
by contacting us at the address below.
How to contact us
The responsible controller of your personal data is Electrolux Professional
AB and/or the local entity belonging to Electrolux Professional Group.
If you want to exercise your data subject rights or if you have any other
questions concerning this Data Privacy Statement, please submit your
request via email to
privacy@electroluxprofessional.com
For your information, the Group Privacy Office’s contact details are:
Electrolux Professional AB
Group Privacy Office
S:t Goransgatan 143
112 17 Stockholm
Sweden
privacy@electroluxprofessional.com
www.electroluxprofessional.com/data-privacy-statement/
Updates to this Data Privacy Statement
We may update this Data Privacy Statement. Any
changes to this Data Privacy Statement will become
effective as of the date it is published, or as otherwise required by law.
Last updated on: 2020-03-02
Reset consent preference
Your browser is out-of-date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now
×
Compare Products
(0/4)
Close
Open
No products to compare.
Maximum comparable products reached.
Clear
Compare these products