https://www.mistral.com/termsconditions/
SUP
Hardboards
Inflatables
Twin air technology
Paddles
WindSUP
Twin air technology
Levu & Fiji
Sunburst
Rigs
Starter revival sails
Windsurf
Twin air technology
Twin air surf boards
Mistral CarboWing
Freeride boards
Fun / starter boards
Windsurfer LT
Freeride zonda sails
Starter revival sails
Wetsuits
Scrapbook
Scrapbook 2020 Bloemendaal NL
Scrapbook 2020 Norway
Scrapbook 2019 Fuerteventura
Scrapbook 2019
Sardinia Italy
Scrapbook 2019
Mallorca Spain
Scrapbook 2019 Mistral & Mango
Scrapbook 2018 Brazil
Scrapbook 2018 Autumn Netherlands
Scrapbook 2018 Spring Netherlands
Scrapbook 2018 Holopuni Tahiti
Scrapbook 2018 Hayling Island UK
Scrapbook 2018 Bergen Netherlands
Scrapbook 2018 Air France Tahiti
Scrapbook 2017 Miss Holland
Scrapbook 2017 Ameland Netherlands
Scrapbook 2016 Borneo Indonesia
Scrapbook 2016 Ibiza Spain
Scrapbook 2016 Mauritius
Scrapbook 2012 Sardinia Italy
Scrapbook 2011 Maui Hawaï
Scrapbook Robby Naish
Scrapbook Eighties
Scrapbook Apparel Eighties
Teamriders
Lifestyle
Apparel
Functional wear
Hardware
Heritage
Blog
Mistral Blog
Mistral Events
SUP 11 City Tour
FAQ
Windsurfing
The paddle
Inflatable technology
Inflatable wisdom
FAQ re Laminated Hard Boards
Shop
Contact
Meet the team
search
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
E-mail
Terms&conditions
Mistral Red Dot Division B.V. (“we”, “Mistral”) provide its content on this website (the “Site” and “Site Content”) subject to the following terms and conditions (the “Terms”).
We may periodically change the Terms, so please check back from time to time. These Terms were last updated on 4th February 2015. By accessing and using this Site, you agree to these Terms.
For an explanation of Mistral’s practices and policies related to the collection, use, and storage of our users’ information, please read our privacy policy.
copyrights
All content and functionality on the Site, including text, graphics, logos, icons and images and the selection and arrangement thereof is the exclusive property of Mistral or its licensors and is protected by English and international copyright laws. All rights not expressly granted are reserved.
Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks, designs and logos (collectively, the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are the Trademarks of Mistral and its licensors. You agree that you will not refer to or attribute any information to Mistral or its licensors in any public medium (eg press release, websites) for advertising or promotional purposes, or for the purpose of informing or influencing any third party, and that you will not use or reproduce any Trademark of, or imply any endorsement by or relationship with, Mistral or its licensors.
Use of site content
Mistral hereby grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and download, display, and print one copy of the content and functionality displayed on the Site (the “Site Content”) on any single computer solely for your internal, business use, provided that you do not modify the Site Content in any way and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices displayed on the Site Content. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, distribute, transmit, post, or disclose the Site Content without Mistral’s prior written consent.
User postings
You acknowledge and agree that Mistral shall own and have the unrestricted right to use, publish, and otherwise exploit any and all information that you post or otherwise publish on the Site in postings, survey responses, and otherwise, and you hereby waive any claims against Mistral for any alleged or actual infringements of any rights of privacy or publicity, moral rights, or rights of attribution in connection with Mistral’s use and publication of such submissions.
You covenant that you shall not post or otherwise publish on the Site any materials that
are threatening, libellous, defamatory, or obscene;
would constitute, or that encourage conduct that would constitute, a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate law;
infringe the intellectual property, privacy, or other rights of any third parties;
contain a computer virus or other destructive element;
contain advertising; or
constitute or contain false or misleading statements.
Mistral does not and cannot review all information posted to the Site by users and is not responsible for such information. However, Mistral reserves the right to refuse to post and the right to remove any information, in whole or in part, for any reason or for no reason.
Notices of Infringement and takedown by Mistral
Mistral prohibits the posting of any information that infringes or violates the copyright rights and/or other intellectual property rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of any person or entity.
If you believe that your intellectual property right *or such a right that you are responsible for enforcing) is infringed by any content on the Site, please write to Mistral at the address shown below, giving a written statement that contains:
identification of the copyrighted work and/or intellectual property right claimed to have been infringed;
identification of the allegedly infringing material on the Site that is requested to be removed;
your name, address, and daytime telephone number, and an e-mail address if available;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted work and/or exercise of the intellectual property right is not authorised by the owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that the signatory is authorised to act on behalf of the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed;
and the signature of the intellectual property right owner or someone authorised on the owner’s behalf to assert infringement of the right.
Disclaimers
The content and functionality on the site is provided with the understanding that Mistral is not herein engaged in rendering professional advice and services to you.
All content and functionality on the site is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.
Mistral and its third-party content providers make no warranties, express or implied, as to the ownership, accuracy, or adequacy of the site content. Mistral shall have no liability or responsibility for any information published on linked websites, contained in any user submissions published on the site, or provided by third parties.
Neither Mistral nor its third-party content providers shall be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or for lost revenues or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages or losses and regardless of the theory of liability.
Third-party web sites
We may provide links to third-party websites. Mistral has no responsibility for these third-party websites, which are governed by the Terms of Use and privacy policies, if any, of the applicable third-party content providers.
Governing law
These Terms and conditions are governed by and shall be constructed in accordance with the Laws of England and under the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Stay informed
Newsletter
Share this
The Mistral website use functional cookies to ensure an optimal experience when visiting our website. We also track the use of our website by placing analytical cookies, with those we can trace (anonymous) user patterns. For other cookies you have to give us your permission. By accepting this cookie message you accept social media cookies, allowing you to share content from the Mistral website and watch embedded video's of Facebook and Youtube. These cookies allows other parties to track your surfing behaviour on the internet. Read more about this in our cookie statement.
ACCEPTREJECT
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled