http://www.supportchannel.co.uk/htdocs/legal/termsofuse.htm
Support Channel
Home
About us
Services
Contact us
Terms of use
You agree to these terms by using this site
Your access to, and use of, the Site is subject to the following Terms of Use
and all applicable laws and regulations. By accessing and using the Site, you
accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use, and acknowledge
that any other agreements between you and Support Channel Limited are superseded
with respect to this subject matter. If you do not agree and accept, without
limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use, please exit the Site.
Ownership of content
The Site and all of its contents including, but not limited to, all text and
images ("Content") are owned and copyrighted by Support Channel or others with
all rights reserved unless otherwise noted. Any Content that is a trademark,
logo, or service mark is also a registered and unregistered trademark of
Support Channel or others. Your use of any Content, except as provided in these
Terms of Use, without the written permission of the Content owner is strictly
prohibited.
Your use of the site
Support Channel grants you permission to use the Site as follows:
with the exception of images of people or places you may
download Content, but only for noncommercial, personal use and provided that
you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the
Content
you may not use images of people or places without Support
Channel's written permission
Content within the "Press Centre" section of the Site may be
reproduced in its entirety, with the resource box/bio included, solely for editorial
purposes in daily newspapers, general circulation news magazines, web site, trade
publications and broadcast media. In addition, when used on-line appropriate credit
should be given, with a link back to http://www.supportchannel.co.uk with the title
of the article in the text of the link
you may not distribute, modify, copy (except as set forth above),
transmit, display, reuse, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works
from, transfer, sell or otherwise use Content without Support Channel's written
permission
you are prohibited from using the Site to post or transmit any
infringing, threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing, libellous, defamatory,
vulgar, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any
material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal
offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Support Channel
will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or any court order requesting
or directing Support Channel to disclose the identity of anyone posting or transmitting
any such information or materials
you are prohibited from using the Site to advertise or perform any
commercial solicitation
Privacy
Any personal data (for example, your name, address, telephone number or e-mail
address) you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be used
by Support Channel in accordance with the Site's Privacy Policy. Any other
communication or material you transmit to the Site, such as questions, comments,
suggestions or the like, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Disclaimer of warranties
All content is subject to change and is provided to you "as is" without any
warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited
to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or compliance. Please note that some locations may not allow the exclusion of
implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Without
limiting the foregoing, Support Channel neither warrants nor represents that your
use of any Content will not infringe the rights of any third parties nor that the
Content will be accurate, complete or up-to-date. Additionally, with reference to
any discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like that
may be on the Site, Support Channel assumes no responsibility or liability
arising from any infringing, threatening, false, misleading, abusive, harassing,
libellous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or
profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that
would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise
violate any law, contained in any such locations on the Site.
Exclusion of liability
Your use of the site is at your own risk. Neither Support Channel, nor any of
its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers or directors, nor any of its agents or
any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the site, are
liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential
or other damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of this
site or content whether based on contract, tort, strict liability or otherwise,
even if advised of the possibility of any such damages. Please note that some
locations may not allow the exclusion of certain damages, so some of the above
exclusions may not apply to you.
Links to third party sites
The Site may contain links to sites owned or operated by parties other than
Support Channel. Such links are provided for your convenience only. Support
Channel does not control, and is not responsible for, the content or privacy
policies on, or the security of, such sites. Without limiting the foregoing,
Support Channel specifically disclaims any responsibility if such sites:
infringe any third party's intellectual property rights
are inaccurate, incomplete or misleading
are not merchantable or fit for a particular purpose
do not provide adequate security
contain viruses or other items of a destructive nature
are libellous or defamatory
Neither does Support Channel endorse the content, or any products or services
available, on such sites. If you establish a link to such sites or the Site, you
do so at your own risk and without the permission of Support Channel.
Revisions to the terms
Support Channel may at any time, and without notice, revise these Terms of Use
by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore
periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use.
Governing law
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
law of England and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
About us |
Site map |
Privacy policy |
Terms of use |
Contact us |
Copyright © 2004
Support Channel. All rights reserved.