https://www.williambarthman.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
At William Barthman Jeweler, we are committed to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. We hope you feel comfortable and enjoy browsing our website pages. Below is our privacy policy. By using the William Barthman Jeweler website (www.WilliamBarthman.com), you consent to the data practices described in this statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy which ensures your privacy and we would also recommend you review these polices periodically to stay informed of any changes
Product Images and Information Disclaimer
The product images shown on our website are the sole property of William Barthman Jeweler or each respective brand. At William Barthman Jeweler, we make every effort to avoid making any errors or placing inaccurate information on our website. Merchandise may be one-of-a-kind and subject to change. Prices are not guaranteed, and are subject to change without notice. Descriptive, typographic and photographic errors are subject to change. Some items displayed may appear to be larger than their actual size, in order to show details.
Collected Information
William Barthman Jeweler may collect personal identifiable information, such as your last name, first name, and email address. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. The website may use "cookies". A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies" as well. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other website activity and internet related services. You may refuse the use of cookies by changing the settings on your browser.Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the William Barthman services or websites you visit.
Use of Collected Information
In order for William Barthman Jeweler to respond to communications made by visitors concerning questions relating to products, store catalog and special events, certain personal information needs to be keyed by the visitor. This information may include first and last name, mailing address, email address, and telephone number.William Barthman Jeweler does not sell, rent, or lease its customer lists to third parties. William Barthman Jeweler uses email and marketing information to keep our visitors updated concerning products, special events, and services offered.Customer service representatives are available at 212-732-0890 and via email info@williambarthman.com to answer any questions, or to take orders for products viewed. By using this website, you signify that you have read all of these terms and agree to comply and be bound by them. William Barthman Jeweler reserves the right to modify these terms at any time and publish the modifications on line. By continuing to access this site after such modification, you signify your agreement to be bound by and comply with any modifications made. William Barthman Jeweler will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on William Barthman Jeweler or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of William Barthman Jeweler; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of William Barthman Jeweler, or the public. We value your comments, suggestions, testimonials, ideas and other feedback. By making any comments, suggestions, testimonials, endorsements, ideas, or similar material disclosed, submitted or posted by you on this Website (or other materials defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use sections of this Website as Contributions or Content), you assign us your rights in the submissions, Contributions and Content to us, as described in the Terms and Conditions of Use section of this Website. As noted, our brand, manufacturing and service partners may provide certain information through the Website and may offer you, in some instances, the opportunity to send or store information about their products or services to yourself or others, in which case, they may request information from you. To the extent you provide such information, we encourage you to review the entity's terms and conditions and privacy policies. You may opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us at any time. If we do send you a promotional email, you will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe.
Rolex Section
Terms of Use
While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Terms of Use, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.
Privacy Notice
While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.comare sole applicable.
Cookies Policy
While navigating on the Rolex section of our website, you may interact with an embedded website from www.rolex.com. In such case, Privacy Notice and Cookies Policy of www.rolex.com are sole applicable.
Book an Appointment
First Name
Last Name
E-mail
Telephone
Appointment
Comment
Product