http://www.eatnpark.com/accessibility-and-privacy
Skip to main content Skip to footer site map
menu
deals
careers
order
find us
About Us
Community
What's New
Find Smiley
Shop
Check Gift Card Balance
Contact Us
Meeting Rooms
Media
accessibility & privacy
privacy policy
Last updated July 22, 2016
Eat'n Park Hospitality Group and its operating divisions (collectively, "Eat'n Park") respect your privacy.  This privacy policy (this "Policy") contains important information that impacts Eat'n Park's use of your personal data and other information you provide to us. Please read this Policy carefully.  This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit one of the websites we operate (including without limitation, eatnpark.com, smileycookie.com, enphospitality.com, parkhurstdining.com, parkhursteventcatering.com, hellobistro.com, theporchatschenley.com, and sixpennkitchen.com) and our corresponding mobile/tablet sites, social media presence, applications, locations and the services provided therein (each a "Site" and collectively the "Sites") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
The Sites are offered for general purposes and are not targeted towards children under the age of 13.  By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.  If you are under the age of 18, you may use a Site only with the oversight of a parent or guardian.  If you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use a Site.
Please read this Policy and the Terms of Use carefully.  By accessing or using the Site or the services, you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Policy and the Term of Use and you are of legal age to agree to be bound by this Policy and thee Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by this Policy or the Terms of Use, you may not access or use this Site or the services.
With respect to information we collect and how use it:
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Sites, including information: (a) that personally identifies you, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number ("personal information"); (b) that is about you but individually does not identify you; and (c) about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site and usage details.
We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us and automatically as you navigate through the Sites. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
The information we collect on or through our Site may include information that you provide by filling in forms on a Site, records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses and cell phone numbers) if you contact us, details of transactions you carry out through our Sites and the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Sites.  You also may provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of a Site, or transmitted to other users of a Site or third parties.
As you navigate through and interact with a Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including, details of your visits to a Site, including traffic data, location data and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on a Site.  We may also collect information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.  The information may also be disclosed to third party service providers for their use on our behalf in the course of providing their services to us, where such third party use is subject to the disclosures and terms set forth in this Policy. Except for such third party service providers, we do not disclose or share information collected from you to third parties for any other purpose.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include cookies and web beacons (each as further described below).
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information to: (a) present our Sites and its contents to you; (b) provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us; (c) fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; (d) carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; (e) notify you about changes to our Sites or any products or services we offer or provide though it; (f) allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site; (g) in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; (h) improve the performance of our Sites; and (i) for any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you.
You are fully responsible for the content and correctness of details you send to us as well as for the non- violation of any third-party rights that may be involved in such details. No confidential relationship shall be established in the event that any user of a Site should make any oral, written or electronic response to us (such as feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, etc.) whether through a Site, Facebook, Twitter, e-mail, SMS, MMS, or otherwise. EXCEPT FOR YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, ALL INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO US INCLUDING ANY DATA, QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, SUGGESTIONS OR THE LIKE IS, AND WILL BE TREATED AS, NON-CONFIDENTIAL AND NON-PROPRIETARY AND WE SHALL BE FREE TO REPRODUCE, PUBLISH OR OTHERWISE USE SUCH INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSES WITHOUT ATTRIBUTION, COMPENSATION OR OTHER CONSIDERATION TO YOU. In particular, we are entitled to use the contents of such messages, including ideas, inventions, designs, images, techniques and expertise contained therein, for any purpose, such as the development, production and/or marketing of products or services and to reproduce such information and make it available to third parties in any medium or manner without any limitations and without incurring any obligation whatsoever to you, and by sending such information you waive all your rights thereto.
With respect to cookies:
We use "cookies" and "web beacons" (definitions below) to distinguish between different visitors to our Sites enabling us to provide customer efficiencies such as customized and targeted content on return visits. Some of the cookies we place are intended to be persistent in that they will remain on your computer between visits to our Sites. Other cookies are temporary “session cookies” which enable the functionality that allows users to add items to a shopping cart and continue browsing a Site.
We may also use third-party vendor Google Analytics to analyze user traffic on our Sites.  Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use and view a Site. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookies about your use of a Site (including your IP address, and particulars about your browser and configuration as reported by your browser) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Please note that information collected by Google Analytics cookies does not include personal information (such as names, e-mail addresses, and payment information). Google will use the information collected for the purpose of enabling us to evaluate your use of a Site, certain aspects of your user experience on a Site, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. More information on Google Analytics is available from Google at http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. "Session Cookies" are cookies that are discarded when the browser exits, when you log out of a Site, or when you have not visited a page on the website for more than 20 minutes. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most browsers also allow you to configure your web browser to refuse cookies or to notify you before a cookie is set. You also can manually view (and delete) any cookies stored on your computer. You may visit a Site without allowing the kinds of cookies described in this privacy policy to be set, however you may not have access to the full functionality of a Site without some or all of these cookies.
Pages of our Sites and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) ("Web Beacons") that permit Eat'n Park, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related Site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Disclosure of Your Information:
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.  We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy: (a) to our subsidiaries and affiliates; (b) to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them; (c) to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; (d) for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; (e) with your consent; (f) to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (g) to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale, including for billing and collection purposes; and (h) if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Eat'n Park, our customers, or others.
With respect to changes to this Policy:
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Policy. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address.
With respect to personal information we retain about you:
Upon request we provide Site visitors with access to the personal information that we maintain about them such as unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password), transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases), communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our Sites (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). Consumers can access this information by contacting us at the address, telephone number or email address provided below.
You may also send us an email at wecare@eatnpark.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
With respect to email communications:
Eat’n Park registered users, who have opted-in to receive email communications from us, agree to receive periodic service-related email messages from us, including but not limited to monthly, quarterly or seasonal newsletters, special offers, coupons, recommended items, abandoned shopping cart reminders, and new content and features deemed of interest to you. We respect your privacy and will not share your personal information, including email address, with third parties except as otherwise provided for in our Policy. Registered users have the right to opt out of all email communications from us by clicking on the "opt out" link at the bottom of all email messages.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the address below, calling us at the telephone number below, or writing to us at the address below.
With respect to security:
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our Sites, when we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our Sites.
If you feel that a Site is not following this Policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Our postal address is:
285 East Waterfront Drive
Homestead, PA 15120
We can be reached via this contact form, or you can reach us by telephone at 412-461-2000.
website accessibility policy
Why accessibility is important…
Eat’n Park Hospitality Group has developed a corporate culture that values all members of the community, including customers, business partners and employees.  We believe in independent access to our locations and our websites.  Eat’n Park Hospitality Group is committed to digital accessibility and usability, ensuring that web and mobile content is available to and usable by everyone.
What is required…
The purpose of this policy is to ensure that Eat'n Park Hospitality Group’s digital technology solutions are available and accessible to people with disabilities.   Effective as of the published date of this document, all departments and their contractors are required to comply with standards that are based on the World Wide Web Consortium’s, Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0, Level AA; these standards represent the minimum accessibility standards that must be implemented and maintained throughout the life cycle of all digital technology solutions.  Digital technology solutions in production prior to the effective date of these standards must be brought into conformance, when major changes are implemented.
Our activity highlights…
Eat’n Park works with Bender Consulting Services, an independent, third party expert to test digital technology and support efforts to maintain accessibility.
Functional performance is a priority, to ensure all individuals, including those across a broad spectrum of disabilities, have access to information and data.
To ensure inclusion and independent access to individuals with disabilities, examples of several digital accessibility areas that we focus on follow:
Functions are executable from a keyboard for individuals who are blind or have mobility disabilities.
Forms allow people using assistive technology to access information, field elements, and functionality required for completion and submission of the form, including all directions and cues.
Non-text elements have a text equivalent.
Data tables include row and column headers that meaningfully identify the tables’ contents.
Share comments and questions…
If you would like to provide feedback regarding our web or mobile content, or if you experience any issues, please contact us here.