http://www.iaaer.org/privacy-policy
Website and eIFRS Sponsored by KPMG LLP and the KPMG Foundation
Website and eIFRS Sponsored by KPMG LLP and the KPMG Foundation
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how the IAAER uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website and services.
What data do we collect?
The IAAER collects the following data:
Personal identification information (such as name, email address, and IP addresses)
Educational and work information (such as school information or institution)
Location information (country only)
Payment information (such as credit cards, checks, and/or bank transfer information)
Usage patterns of the website (such as eIFRS usage, logins, account changes, etc.)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide the IAAER with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
Including offline payments using check or bank transfer.
Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
Use or view our website via your browser’s cookies.
The IAAER may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
IASB/IFRS Foundation reports on eIFRS usage.
Google Analytics: Users who visit this website and have javascript enabled are tracked through Google Analytics. Google Analytics collects information anonymously and reports website trends to us without identifying individual visitors. Google Analytics collects a variety of information from users, including the Internet protocol (IP address) that is used to connect your computer to the Internet (which it does not report to us), your Internet service provider (ISP), browser type, type of operating system, the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time, cookie, the length of time you spend on particular pages, which links you click while on our site, and similar site visit information. Google Analytics data is shared with Google. For more information on Google’s privacy policy, visit https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
How will we use your data?
The IAAER collects your data so that we can:
Process your order(s) and manage your account.
Email you as part of our service with news and information about international accounting events, IAAER events, calls for papers, conferences (ours and third parties), etc.
Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.
Analyze usage patterns to improve our service, monitor suspicious or abusive activity and to identify violations of IAAER or eIFRS policies. This is to protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights.
When IAAER processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies and/or credit card processors to prevent fraudulent purchases.
We may use automated decision making in processing your personal information for some service and products. You can request a manual review of the accuracy of an automated decision if you are unhappy with it.
Legal basis for processing
We collect and process information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable laws. The legal basis depends on the service(s) you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you the services, including to operate the services, provide customer support and personalized features and protect the safety and security of the services.
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the services and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
How do we store your data?
The IAAER stores your data within our secure servers.
We only use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology across the website to ensure a private and secure connection between IAAER’s website and your browser.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via SSL technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Your personal data will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfill the specific purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and to allow us to comply with our legal requirements. The IAAER wants to ensure that it is simple for members to continue membership and to rejoin anytime. See ‘The right to erasure’ below for information on how to request the deletion of your data.
We may transfer to, and store the data we collect about you in, countries other than the country in which the data was originally collected, including the United States, Canada or other destinations outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you provided the data. When we transfer your data to other countries, we will protect the data as described in this Privacy Policy and comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate protection for the transfer of data to countries outside the EEA and outside the United Kingdom.
If you are located in the EEA or the United Kingdom, we will only transfer your personal data if:
The country to which the personal data will be transferred has been granted a European Commission adequacy decision;
The recipient of the personal data is located in the US and has certified to the US-EU Privacy Shield Framework; or
We have put in place appropriate safeguards in respect of the transfer, for example, we have entered into EU standard contractual clauses with the recipient, or the recipient is a party to binding corporate rules.
Marketing
The IAAER would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like.
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt-out at a later date. You have the right at any time to stop IAAER from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please update your account information and disable ‘news’ emails.
What are your data protection rights?
The IAAER would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request IAAER for copies of your personal data.
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that IAAER correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request IAAER to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that IAAER erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that IAAER restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to IAAER’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that IAAER transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please see the ‘How to contact us’ section below. We will respond promptly, within one (1) month of the request.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology
For further information, visit our cookie policy.
Privacy policies of other websites
The IAAER website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We, therefore, will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into the member portal and editing their profile.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Changes to our privacy policy
IAAER keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on February 22, 2020.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about IAAER’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email: admin@iaaer.org
Mail:
IAAERDepartment of Accounting300 College Park AvenueDayton, Ohio 45469
Gold Sponsors
Silver Sponsors
Quick Links
IFAC Global Gateway
Cookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies.
OK
Learn More