http://www.envisionpharma.com/terms-of-use/
Terms of use
Terms of use
Legal notices
These terms of use apply to the use of our following websites:
https://www.envisionpharmagroup.com;
https://www.alligentgroup.com;
https://www.curo.co.uk; and
https://www.touchcreative.co.uk;
(together our “Websites” and each a “Website”).
The terms relating to the use of our Websites have been divided into the following sections:
Terms of Use;
Privacy Notice;
Privacy Shield Policy; and
Cookies Policy.
Together these sections form the “Legal Notices”. The Legal Notices set out the basis on which you may use our Websites.
“Envision Pharma Group”/“we”/“us”/“our” means Envision Pharma Group Limited and its subsidiaries. "You" or "your" means an individual who uses this website.
Our Websites are operated by Envision Pharma Limited (co. no. 04486293), Alligent Biopharm Consulting LLC, Curo Consulting Limited (co. no. 04467295) and Touch Creative Design Limited (co. no 05938761), respectively.
By using any of our Websites, you agree to comply with the Legal Notices. If you do not agree to comply with the Legal Notices, please discontinue your use of such Website.
Intellectual Property Rights
We, our suppliers, or third parties who have granted us permission to reproduce their material on our Websites, own all trademarks, copyright and all other intellectual property rights in the content on our Websites. All such rights are reserved.
You may download and temporarily store one or more pages of the relevant Website for the purposes of viewing them. Any other use of the contents of Websites is strictly prohibited. You may not republish or distribute any material available on our Websites or create a link to any part of our Websites for any commercial purpose without our prior written consent. Links to our Websites are prohibited without our prior written consent.
All business names, brand names and divisional names as well as product and service names referred to our Websites are our trademarks. All rights are reserved.
Disclaimer
Our Websites and their content is provided for general information purposes only.
We make no warranties, representations or undertakings in relation to the content of our Websites (including the accuracy, quality or fitness for any purpose of the content).  We may place links on our Websites to other websites we think you may want to visit. We do not vet or endorse these websites and do not have any control over their contents. It is your responsibility to check the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any other website which you visit.
We cannot guarantee that your use of our Websites (including any content on our Websites or any website accessible from them) will not cause damage to your computer or other device. It is your responsibility to ensure that you have the right equipment (including antivirus software) to use our Websites safely and to screen out anything that may damage or harm your computer or other device.
To the extent permitted under applicable law, we exclude all liability (howsoever caused) to you or any third parties for any loss or damage relating to: (a) the use of, inability to use, or reliance on any of our Websites or any of the content or links contained on any of them; and (b) any equipment, software or data as a result of any viruses, defects, malware or malfunctions in connection with your access to or use of any of our Websites.
Our hosted software applications
Our services include the provision of hosted software applications to our clients and their authorised users. These software applications are normally accessible via customised website portals. If you are accessing such software application, you should ensure you are aware of and understand the relevant terms and conditions of use. Reference should be made to the relevant company’s terms and conditions of use which may be published on the relevant website portal or available on such company’s corporate website.
Governing law
The Legal Notices shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and we and you each submit irrevocably to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Changes to these terms
Envision Pharma Group may revise or update these terms of use from time to time.
Last updated 27 Nov 2019
We use cookies on our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy. To learn more about cookies, how we use them, and how you can change your settings, please view our Cookies Notice
Accept