http://www.pjisecurity.co.uk/index.php/pji-security-privacy-notice
HomeServicesMobile PatrolsStatic GuardsKeyholdingAlarm Activation ResponseVoid Property InspectionsTestimonialsAbout UsLinksEmploymentContact Us
Privacy Notice
We are P J I Security Ltd (Company Number 03128587) our registered office is Huntersmoon, Roche, St Austell, Cornwall PL26 8LN
We are committed to safeguarding your privacy. This policy and any other documents referred to on it - sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
P J I Security Ltd is a “Data Controller,” which means that we are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal information about you. We are required - under data protection legislation - to notify you of the information contained in this privacy notice.
It is important that you read this notice - together with any other privacy notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal information about you - so that you are aware of how and why we are using such information.
What information do we collect?
We collect your personal data because it is necessary, in relation to taking steps to enter into a contract with you and/or performance of a contract with you.
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of data about you:
Information you give us: This is information about you that you give us when setting security contracts, or included in email/letter communications.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address and phone number, alarm contract details, contact details for persons related to your site, third party contacts.
Information we collect about you: our website does not collect personal data
Information we receive from other sources: We may receive your information when we work with third parties - including; business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers and credit reference agencies, for example. However, we will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
We do not collect any sensitive personal data about you, such as information about your race, political opinions or religious beliefs - unless we obtain your explicit consent. In addition, we do not knowingly collect personal data from - or direct our content towards - those under the age of 16.
How do we use your personal data?
Personal data submitted on our site will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy.
We may use your personal data to:
• administer our site.
• carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
• send statements and invoices to you and collect payments from you.
• comply with our statutory and regulatory obligations.
• deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the site.
We will not share personal data unless:
we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal details in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our rules.
our business enters into a joint venture with, or is sold to or merged with, another business. We may then share your personal details with our new business partners or owners.
we are required to do so to obtain SIA ACS certification. (Our current assessing body is SSAIB; you can find their privacy notice on their website www.SSAIB.org.).
Where relevant, we will require that third parties follow our data protection and privacy policies and we will require that such third parties do not use your personal details for their own business purposes, without your prior consent.
Where we store your personal data?
We store all of your personal details on a secure server/computer, within the European Economic Area.
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
How long do we keep your personal data for?
We only keep your personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data - and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means - and the applicable legal requirements.
How secure is my data?
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
Your rights
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
• Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
• Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
• Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal information where you have exercised your right to object to processing (see below).
• Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
• Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
• Request the transfer of your personal information to another party.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, or request that we transfer a copy of your personal information to another party, please write to us at Huntersmoon, Roche, St Austell, Cornwall Pl26 8LN or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
Your right to complain
If you have any problems with the way that we are handling your personal data, you should contact the Information Commissioner’s Officer (ICO).
The ICO can be contacted by telephone on 0303 123 113 - Monday to Friday, between 9am and 5pm - or by email at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. You can also visit the ICO’s website by following this link:  https://ico.org.uk/.
Changes to our privacy policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and any updates are posted on our site. This privacy policy was last updated on March 9th 2018.
Data Controller
The data controller responsible for your personal data is P J I Security Ltd (Company no: 03128587) our data protection registration number is Z1453591.
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact the P J I security Ltd on 01726 890318.
Designed Hosted and Maintained by Surfcornwall.com.