https://www.uhcindia.com/webnew/Home/privacy_policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website users; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
What information do we collect? We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data :
Information about your browsing on and use of this website;
Information about any transactions or dealings carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website.
Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us and/or subscribing to our website services and/or email notifications;
Information shared at other interfaces displayed or connected with our website.
Information about website visits:
We may collect information about your computer and your browsing on this website, such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, length of visit and number of page views. We may use this information in the administration of
this website, to improve the website's usability, and for promotional
purposes.
We use cookies on this website. A cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The text file is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may send a cookie which may be stored on your browser on your computer's hard drive.
We may use the information we obtain from the cookies in the administration of this website, to improve the website's usability and for promotional and marketing purposes. We may also use that information to recognize your computer when you browse
our website, and to personalise our website for you.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookie by
clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector.) This will, have an impact upon the usability of many websites including ours.
Using your personal data:Personal Data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant
parts of the website. In addition to the utilization
identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may use your personal
information to:
Improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website;
Send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post or by email or similar technology;
Send to you marketing communications relating to our business [or the businesses of vigilantly -selected third parties] which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email
Utilise Data
with statistical information about our users – provided that this information will not be used to identify any individual user. We will not without your express consent provide your personal information (including your name, address, email address or telephone number) to any third parties.
Other disclosuresIn addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
In connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention); and
To the purchaser or seller (or prospective purchaser or seller) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling or purchasing. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
International data transfer :Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Security of your personal data:We will take reasonable precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we do not warranty / guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure servers.
Policy amendments:We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this Webpage occasionally to ensure that you are content
have read, understood and agreed with any changes.
Your rights :On your instructions we may
provide to you with any personal information which we hold about you.
On your instruction we may not
process your personal data for marketing purposes. Customarily ,
it will be deemed that you
agree
to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or you will expressly inform us that you wish to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes
Third party websites :The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of third party websites.
Get In Touch
Name
Company Name
Email
Mobile No.
City
Query
Submit
By submitting, you agree to Privacy Policy , Terms of Use and Disclaimer of UnitedHealthcare India
Thank You for connecting with UnitedHealthcare India PVT. LTD. We will get back to you at the earliest
Become a Partner Today
Name
Company Name
Email
Mobile No.
City
Attach your Proposal / offerings
Submit
By submitting, you agree to Privacy Policy , Terms of Use and Disclaimer of UnitedHealthcare India
Thank You for connecting with UnitedHealthcare India PVT. LTD. We will get back to you at the earliest