http://www.blastcrete.com/privacy-policy/
Blastcrete Equipment, LLC Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was published and made effective on May 23, 2018. This privacy statement applies to the Blastcrete Equipment, LLC website; products and services that are located in the www.blastcrete.com; and any other sites owned or operated by us and our mobile applications (the “Website(s)”).
Your Privacy
Our Website(s) follows legal requirements to protect your privacy. Our Privacy Policy is a legal statement that explains how we may collect information from you, how we may share your information, and how you can limit our sharing of your information.
What Information Is Collected?
We collect several different types of information for varying purposes to provide and improve our Website(s) for you.
What Types of Data are Collected?
Personal Data
While on our Website(s), we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address, Name, Company Name, Job Title, Address, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, City, Cookies and Usage Data.
We may use your Personal Data to send you newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We may also collect information about how our Website(s), products and services are accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
Technologies such as cookies, pixels, beacons, tags and scripts are used by us and our partners (including marketing partners and affiliates) as well as our analytics and other service providers. These technologies are used in many ways, including advertising, sales and marketing, analyzing trends, administering and improving the Website(s), tracking users’ movements around the Website(s) (including point of entry), gathering demographic information about our user base, verifying login status, measuring the success of a marketing campaign, providing improved customer service, providing more relevant content, deterring or detecting fraud, and providing users with a customized experience.
We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs), such as HTML5 to, among other things, optimize screen presentation, video and other preference information.
You can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Website(s).
How do we Use the Data?
We use the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Website(s), products and services
To notify you about changes to our Website(s), products and services
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website(s) when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Website(s), products and services
To monitor the usage of our Website(s), products and services
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with timely news, special offers, promotions and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
How long Do You Retain the Data?
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our products and services, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but it must be noted that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Blastcrete Equipment Co. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Blastcrete Equipment Co. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
To comply with the law
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Blastcrete Equipment Co. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Blastcrete Equipment Co. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website(s). This data is shared with other Google services including but not limited to Google AdWords. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Website(s) available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please view Google’s Privacy & Terms: httpss://policies.google.com/privacy/update?hl=en
AdRoll
AdRoll is an online marketing platform specializing in web and social media retargeting/remarketing, email advertising and marketing.
You can opt-out of having your activity on the Website(s) made available to AdRoll by looking for the AdChoices logo (the little blue triangle) in a corner of the ad. Click the logo to learn more about interest-based advertising, who served the ad, and manage your options. You can also opt-out of seeing personalized ads from AdRoll (and other companies) using the NAI opt-out tool. Please note you will still see ads even if you opt-out, but they will not be personalized.
For more information on the privacy practices of AdRoll, please view AdRoll’s Privacy Notice: httpss://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy
MailChimp
MailChimp is a marketing automation platform and email marketing service that helps share email and ad campaigns with clients, customers, and other interested parties.
You can opt-out of receiving correspondence on our behalf from MailChimp by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email received.
For more information on the privacy practices of MailChimp, please view the MailChimp Privacy Policy: httpss://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Constant Contact
Constant Contact, Inc. is an online marketing company and email marketing service that helps share email and ad campaigns with clients, customers, and other interested parties.
You can opt-out of receiving correspondence on our behalf from Constant Contact by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email received.
For more information on the privacy practices of Constant Contact, please view the Constant Contact Privacy Statement: httpss://www.constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement
Links To Other Sites
Our Website(s) may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Website(s) and products are not directed to persons under 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website(s), prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by using the contact information we provided on our Contact page.
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.AcceptPrivacy policy