http://www.permasteelisa.com/privacy-policy
Loading...Privacy PolicyPermasteelisa welcomes you to its website and wishes to inform you on the Privacy Policy adopted for the processing of data collected when users access the website www.permasteelisagroup.com.
Information on processing personal data
Permasteelisa S.p.A. (hereinafter “Company”) provides this information pursuant to and in accordance with Article 13 of WU Regulation 2016/679 (hereinafter “GDPR”), concerning the protection of natural persons regarding processing personal data, to make you aware of the purposes and methods of processing personal data that you may communicate when browsing this website (hereinafter “Site”). Please note that this information refers only to the Site and not to third-party websites, which can be accessed by the user through the links contained in it.
Categories of processed data
Browsing data
The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this Site acquire, during their normal operation, some personal data whose transmission is implicit when using internet communication protocols. This information is not collected to be associated with identified data subjects, but due to its very nature, it could allow to identify users. This data category includes IP addresses or computer domain names employed by users who connect to the Site, URI notation addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier) of the requested resources, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in reply, the numerical code indicating the status of the reply given by the server (e.g. successful, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the operating system and the computer environment of the user. This data is used for the sole purpose of obtaining anonymous statistical information on the use of the Site, to verify its correct operation and is immediately deleted after processing. The company has legitimate interest to pursue such purposes, for which data processing (within the limits just shown) is required.
Data provided voluntarily by the user
The optional, explicit and voluntary transmission of e-mails to the addresses indicated on the site implies the subsequent acquisition of the e-mail address of the sender, necessary for replies to requests, in addition to any other personal data indicated in the communication. Specific summary information will be indicated or displayed in the sections of the site provided for special services on request and subjected to, if necessary, the consent of the data subject.
Cookies
For almost any modern website to work properly, it needs to collect certain basic information on its users. To do this, the server of a website as www.permasteelisagroup.com will create files known as cookies. Cookies allow efficient Site operation and improve its performance; they provide information for statistical purposes to the owner of the Site, mainly to personalize your web browsing experience, remembering your preferences. To find out more about the use of cookies and how you can manage them, please read our Cookie Policy.
Purpose and legal basis of processing, nature of providing data and consequences in the event of refusal
The Company will process your data to facilitate browsing and to provide any services requested by
you through the forms specifically provided on the Site. Except for what is specified for browsing data and for technical cookies, within the sections of the Site set up for special services upon your request you will be free to provide your personal data for the purposes shown in the respective information, failure to provide it may make it impossible to obtain the service requested.
Data retention period
The personal data collected through using the Site is processed for the time strictly necessary to provide the services requested and to carry out the related technical and security operations, and, once the latter is concluded, for the time established by current regulations for administrative and possibly defensive purposes.
For further details, please refer to the information provided for special services.
Scope of data communication and categories of recipients
Exclusively for the purposes specified above, all data collected and processed can be communicated to persons authorised internally to processing in accordance with their respective duties, as well as to external persons to whom it is may be necessary to communicate the data. Such recipients will be designated as data processors, if data should be processed on behalf of the Company, with a specific agreement or other legal document.
For further details, please refer to the information provided for special services.
Data transfer to a third country and/or international organisation
Your personal data will not be subject to transfer to non-European third countries.
Rights of the data subjects
You have the right (see Articles 15-22 of the GDPR) to ask our Company to access your personal data and rectify it is inaccurate, to delete or limit its processing if conditions are met, as well as obtain the portability of the data you provided only if subject to automated processing based on consent or by agreement, and object for reasons regarding your specific situation and however for direct marketing. You also have the right to revoke the consent given for the processing purposes that require it, without prejudice to the lawfulness of the processing carried out until the moment of revocation. Furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the competent supervisory authority on the subject, Guarantor for the protection of personal data.
For further details, please refer to the information provided for special services.
Data processing subjects
The data controller is Permasteelisa S.p.A., with Headquarters in Vittorio Veneto – Zona Industriale San Giacomo di Veglia (TV), Viale Mattei 21/23, e-mail: privacy@permasteelisagroup.com;
The Data Protection Officer is Arianna Berna. You can contact the DPO writing an email to privacy@permasteelisagroup.com.
Last updated: May 2018.
This information may undergo modifications. It is therefore recommended to regularly check this web page and to take into account the most updated version of the information therein.
Information notice on the processing of personal datapursuant to article 13 of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) UE 679/2016
In compliance with the art. no. 13 of GDPR, we wish to provide you with some information on the processing of personal data carried out for the search and selection of staff by our Company, Permasteelisa S.p.A., as Data Controller.
Purposes and methods of processing: the Company collects the personal data of those parties who wish to apply for jobs within the companies belonging to Permasteelisa Group. The interested party voluntarily enters his/her data into Permasteelisa S.p.A.’s website which, in turn, is interested in using the internet to broaden its recruitment base. Applications may be turned in both for open positions and for future openings. Permasteelisa S.p.A. will process applicants’ data for recruitment purposes only. The data will be entered into internal forms (electronic and/or paper) to facilitate selection activities. Such data may also be printed out and filed in hard-copy archives. Any personal data provided will be stored for a limited period of time (no more than two years) or, if deemed not interesting or relevant, may be discarded ahead of time. The data will be stored in databases and subdivided into geographical areas to allow consultation (Europe, Asia-Pacific, America and the Middle East). Such data may be consulted by the Human Resources personnel of the companies belonging to Permasteelisa Group. Permasteelisa S.p.A. does not perform any direct recruitment activities on behalf of its subsidiaries, which directly deal with the selection of the most suitable candidates for any job openings within their field of competence. The subjects appointed by the subsidiaries will use any data according to the principles of necessity and relevance applied to any personnel selection activity.
Nature of consent and consequences of refusing to give consent: you are free to give or not to give consent to the processing of your data. However, please note that failing to give consent will result in the Company’s inability to process your data. Therefore, failing consent, Permasteelisa will not accept the data provided nor take into consideration any applications made.
Disclosure of data: without prejudice to any disclosure or dissemination of data required by the law, the data may be disclosed in Italy and abroad to the Human Resources personnel as well as the management of the companies belonging to Permasteelisa Group, according to the principles of necessity and relevance (see a).
Exercise of rights 15-21: you have the right to request to access your personal data and to correct them if they are inaccurate, to delete them or limit their processing if the requirements are met, or to object to their processing for reasons linked to your particular situation. If you would like to exercise your rights, please contact the Data Protection Officer of Permasteelisa S.p.A. at the email address: privacy@permasteelisagroup.com.
Data controller: the data controller shall be Permasteelisa S.p.A., viale E. Mattei 21/23, 31029 Vittorio Veneto, Treviso, Italy.
Back to topThis website uses technical cookies to improve your browsing experience and third-party analytics cookies to collect aggregate statistical information. If you want to learn more or withdraw your consent, please refer to the cookie policy. By closing this banner or continuing to browse on our website you agree to the use of cookies.
ContactsCorporate DataTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyEmployee Links© 2020 Permasteelisa S.p.A. | All rights reserved