http://www.hookedonpromos.com/privacy/
Hooked On Promos
Making Money, Saving Money
Privacy
At Hooked On Promos, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us (See this article to learn more about Privacy Policies.). This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Hooked On Promos and how it is used.Log FilesLike many other Web sites, Hooked On Promos makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.Cookies and Web BeaconsHooked On Promos does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.DoubleClick DART CookieGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on Hooked On Promos.Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to Hooked On Promos and other sites on the Internet.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL - http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Hooked On Promos send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.Hooked On Promos has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Hooked On Promos's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browser's respective websites.
More Marketing Ideas
Marketing Topics
Business Opportunity Reviews
General
Legal Notes
About Us
Affiliate Disclosure
Contact Us
Privacy
Terms
Most Recent Updates
Tips On Making Your Real Estate Purchase A Success
Succeeding Home Based Business Strategies That Happen To Be Proven To Do Well
Improve Your Health And Life By Means Of Greater Exercise
Search Engine Optimisation Tips To Live By
Never Dear Multi-level Marketing Once More With One Of These Recommendations
Welcome to Our World Looking to make or save money online? Then you have come to the right place. Hang out, search the site and may this day bring you and your family great joy. Blessings.
© 2020
Hooked On Promos
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: Free Themes
| Thanks to WP3Themes, wp4themes and wpthemely