http://www.mdcresearch.com/privacy.aspx
Your Privacy…
MDC Research respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. Part of that commitment rests with being clear about our privacy policy, how we use your information and your choices as to how your information is handled.
Compliance with Industry Codes of Ethics
Privacy Notice
Keeping Information Secure
How We Get Email Addresses
Your Choices
MDC Research conducts scientifically designed market and public opinion research. All information is collected in accordance with the Marketing Research Association's (MRA) Code of Data Collection Standards. International research is conducted in accordance with the European Society for Opinion and Market Research (ESOMAR) Codes of Conduct.
•
MRA Code of Marketing Research Standards (PDF)
•
ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research
(PDF)
To view MDC’s Privacy Notice, please click below.
•
MDC Data Protection Notice (PDF)
MDC Research is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy and ensure extensive use of the information, we have established appropriate physical and management procedures to safeguard it.
MDC Research gets email addresses from several sources. These include our clients' customer lists and specialized email lists. In either case, those included on the lists are people we understand to have opted in, giving permission to be included in market research projects.
All of our research invitations are screened against our own internal "opt-out" list. While MDC Research makes every effort to screen lists and remove those who choose to opt out before using these lists, we cannot guarantee this process is 100% accurate. MDC Research receives lists from hundreds of sources, and individuals are sometimes found on multiple lists.
To remove your email address from our lists click here.
MDC Research does not spam.
MDC Research gives you the choice of whether or not you participate in market research projects.
To participate in future MDC Research studies, please fill out and send the form here. Your name will be added to our database. Just like all information we collect, this personal data is confidential.