http://www.onlinetaxaustralia.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions -
LoginLOGIN
NEW USER REGISTRATION
CONTACT US
Navigation
Tax
Home
Online Tax AustraliaHome
About
About OTA
Services & Pricing
Start Your Tax Online
Tax FAQ
General FAQ
Who Can Use Online Tax Australia?
How Does Online Tax Australia Work?
Tax Tips & Help
Work Related Tax Deductions
Other Tax Deductions & Rebates
Tax Deductions by Occupation
Tax & Finance Templates
Tax Advice & Articles
Testimonials
Contact Us
Return to Content
Terms and Conditions
Acceptance of Conditions
The users of the Website acknowledges & agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions governing the access and use of www.onlinetaxaustralia.com.au website and the online taxation payment facility. Your use of this site will mean that you accept the following Terms.
Online Tax Australia reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions and the online taxation payment facility from time to time without prior notice.
“Online Tax Australia” referred to in this Terms and Conditions is owned and operated by BMS Taxation Services Pty Ltd ACN 143 619 078 under the domain name ‘www.onlinetaxaustralia.com.au’ unless it has appointed a tax agent to lodge your tax return, in which case, references to “Online Tax Australia” are references to that tax agent.
You authorise Online Tax Australia to review your tax return and lodge it electronically based on the information provided by you and in accordance with the Income Tax Assessment Acts 1936 & 1997. Online Tax Australia doesn’t accept any liability and responsibility arising from the provision of inaccurate information that you provide in your tax return. You consent to Online Tax Australia retaining a digitally signed copy of your income tax return for our future references.
You cannot assume that your taxation return has been lodged until you receive confirmation from Online Tax Australia electronically that the Australian Taxation Office has accepted your return.
You agree to pay the fee specified in the How Does It Work page of this Website for the use of the online taxation payment facility provided by Online Tax Australia under this Website.
If you choose to pay our fee from your refund then you are deemed to have authorised Online Tax Australia to receive your refund from the Australian Tax Office, deposit your refund into an account operated by Online Tax Australia, and after deducting our prescribed fee and an additional $6 administration fee, Online Tax Australia will remit the balance of your refund to you via your nominated bank account. Any further funds received from the Australian Taxation Office in relation to you (eg amended return refunds etc.) or transferred refunds that have bounced back because of incorrect banking details will also be remitted to you subject to a $15 administration fee which is applicable to the processing of each such transaction and you authorise Online Tax Australia to deduct the service fee from any funds received.
You acknowledge that nothing contained within the content of this Website constitutes accounting or financial advice. General tax advice and advice on how to complete the online transaction documentation can be obtained from the tax help line on 03 9852 9051.
Limit of Liability
Your use of the Website and the online taxation payment facility is at your sole risk. Online Tax Australia nor its associates, do not guarantee error free or uninterrupted operation of this Website. We will contact you should any errors arise during review of your tax return or if the site has crashed.
Online Tax Australia is not liable for any direct, indirect, consequential costs or other loss or damage incurred in anyway (including but not limited to that arising from negligence), connected with the Website or with the submission of your taxation return online using the Website whether your claim is based on breach of contract, breach of statute or tort (including negligence) by Online Tax Australia, its contractors, servants or agents or any third party, or otherwise. Online Tax Australia will not be liable in respect of any loss of general profit or other economic loss.
Links to Website
The Website may contain links to other websites and may on occasion display content or information from other websites within frames on the Website. Websites or pages to which the Website is linked for information only and have not been reviewed by Online Tax Australia. Online Tax Australia therefore disclaims all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on any content of websites or pages linked or linking to the Website.
Intellectual property
The contents of the Website, including all trademarks, information, text, materials, graphics, software and advertisements (“Content”) (whether registered or otherwise) are protected by intellectual property laws. You must not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, frame, up load to a third party, post, transmit or distribute the Content in any way except as expressly allowed by Online Tax Australia or its rightful owner.
You will not violate or attempt to violate the security of Online Tax Australia or hack into this Website, the Online Tax Australia’s computer systems or the computer systems of other users of this Website. Hacking means unauthorised access, malicious damage and/or interference and includes mail bombing, propagating viruses, worms or other types of malicious programs, deliberate attempts to overload a computer system, broadcast attacks or any other method designed to damage or interfere with the operation of a computer system or website.
ANY ATTEMPT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE THE WEBSITE OR TO OTHERWISE UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF SUCH, MAYBE A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, WHETHER SUCCESSFUL OR NOT, BMS TAXATION SERVICES PTY LTD RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Indemnity
Online Tax Australia accepts no responsibility for the contents of your taxation return. You agree to fully indemnify Online Tax Australia and hold harmless Online Tax Australia, its officers and agents against all loss, liability, claims, damages and expenses suffered by Online Tax Australia whether arising directly or indirectly from your use of the Website including the content that you have submitted.
PRIVACY
Your access of this website constitutes acceptance of our Privacy Policy. You can view that policy by clicking on ‘Privacy Policy’ at the bottom of this page.
Governing Law
This Website is governed by the laws of Australia and the Australian Courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from or related to a visit to the Website.
In consideration of the above, Online Tax Australia, will upon the provision of your completed online taxation documentation and the payment of the fee being accepted, lodge your tax return with the Australian Taxation Office, and in doing so, apply the information you have provided in accordance with Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 or the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997.
Online Tax News
How to Claim Home Office Tax Deductions in 2020 Using the ATO’s Two Hourly Rate OptionsJuly 16, 2020
Tips to Maximise Your 2020 RefundJune 29, 2020
Which Expenses Will the ATO Target in 2020 Tax Returns?June 29, 2020
RETURNING USERS LOGINNEW USER REGISTRATION
About Us Promising affordable, fast tax
returns and the highest standards
of customer service, it’s no
surprise that Online
Tax Australia has processed more than 45,000
tax returns. Our
number one priority is ensuring
you have complete peace of mind
when it comes to all your tax return needs.
Connect with Us
Subscribe for Tax Tips
Name
Email Address
*
Contact Us T: (03) 9852 9051
E: support@onlinetaxaustralia.com.au
RETURNING USERS LOGINNEW USER REGISTRATION
© 2017 Online Tax Australia. All Rights Reserved.Terms and Conditions | Privacy and Security | Contact Us
ITRegister