http://www.alke.com/privacy-policy
Vehicles
Electric Utility Vehicles ATX 340E
Off road vehicles ATX 330E
Electric Vehicles ATX 320E
Small Electric Pick-up ATX 310E
ATX ED electric vehicles - Double cab
Atex explosion proof vehicles
Waste Collection
Electric Ambulance
Off Road Utility Vehicles
Utility Vehicles
Configurations
Electric Van Alke'
Snow blade
Electric vehicles with loading bed
Electric Ambulance
Atex explosion proof vehicles
Airport vehicles
Refrigerated van
Tail lift truck
Pizza vending van
Electric passenger carriers
Electric truck | Alke'
Vehicles with three axis tipping
Accessories
Dealer locator
Company
References
Case Studies
Eco-sustainability
Research and Development
Press Releases
Become an ALKE dealer/distributor
Dealer Area
Catalogs
Contact Us
EN | FR | DE | ES | PT | IT
Alke' e-Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice in accordance with Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 ("Privacy Code") articles 13, 23 and 26 and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") articles 13 and 14.
Privacy Notice in accordance with Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 ("Privacy Code") articles 13, 23 and 26 and Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") articles 13 and 14.
You have the right to be informed in a transparent manner regarding how we process and protect this data; we therefore ask you to take a few minutes to read our Privacy Notice, and do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
We make you feel welcome
When you fill out a contact form on our website, we will ask you to give us some basic information such as your first name, surname, telephone number, e-mail address and postal address.
We make your life easier
We keep your contacts to hand, so we can recognise you the next time and you therefore only have to give us the data once.
This document ("Notice") is intended to provide information on the processing of data - relating to users who access services on the websites www.alke.it, www.alke.com, www.alke.eu, www.alke.pt ("Sites") - by Alkè s.r.l. ("Alkè") and/or other persons identified for the purposes specified below.
The Notice, in particular, is provided pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 and EU Regulation no. 679/2016 (respectively "the Privacy Code", "the GDPR" and jointly "the Applicable Regulations") and concerns exclusively the above-mentioned Sites: it does not, therefore, concern any other sites the user can reach through the links present on the Sites.
1. Identity and contact details of the Data Controller
The Data Controller – in other words the legal person which determines the purposes and methods of processing Personal Data - is Alkè s.r.l., with registered office at Via Cile 3-5-7, Padua. With reference to issues concerning the processing of Personal Data, it is also possible to write to the following e-mail address: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
2. Categories of Personal Data processed
Below is the information that Alkè may process through the Sites, within the limits of the purposes and methods described in this Notice, and which may be considered as Personal Data ("Personal Data") pursuant to the Applicable Regulations. In particular:
(i) Browsing data
During their normal operation, the computer systems and software procedures used to operate the Sites acquire certain Personal Data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is information that is not collected to be associated with identified persons but which, by its very nature, could allow users to be identified, through processing and association with data held by third parties.
This category of data includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers used by users connecting to the Sites, the addresses of the requested resources in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation, the time of the request, the method used to submit the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numeric code indicating the status of the response given by the server (success, error, etc.) and other parameters relating to the operating system and the user's computer environment. This data is used for the sole purpose of verifying the correct functioning of the Sites.
(ii) Data provided voluntarily by the user
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mails to the addresses indicated on the Sites results in the subsequent acquisition of the e-mail address and any other Personal Data entered in the electronic communication, as well as the sender/user data necessary to respond to requests or deliver the service. Specific Notices, some in summary form, will be provided for particular services.
3. Purpose and legal basis of processing
This site processes data based on consent. By using or consulting this site, visitors and users explicitly approve this Privacy Notice and consent to the processing of their Personal Data under the conditions and for the purposes described below, including disclosure to third parties, if necessary, for the delivery of a service. The provision of the data and, therefore, Consent to the collection and processing of the data is optional; the User can refuse consent and, at any time, may revoke a consent already given (through the contact addresses indicated in point 1). However, denying consent may make it impossible to provide certain services and the browsing experience on the site may be compromised.With the specific consent of the data subject, Alkè may use the data provided voluntarily for direct marketing activities, to send advertising and informative material, to send commercial information and to implement interactive commercial communications. For the processing of data required for the performance of direct marketing activities, it is mandatory to obtain the specific and separate consent of the data subject, who must be informed that this transfer is entirely optional and that a refusal will not have any consequences (other than to prevent the processing of data intended for direct marketing). Personal Data provided by users who request dispatch of informative material is used for the sole purpose of providing the goods or services requested, and may be known by Alkè employees and contractors who have been duly trained in the precautions and guarantees to be observed in processing the information in question, and by third parties who provide services which are ancillary or essential to the activity of Alkè, and with whom specific agreements have been entered into in order to comply with the provisions of the Applicable Regulations.
Further purposes will be indicated to users according to the specific services they may use on the dedicated pages available on the Sites.
4. Processing methods
The processing of Personal Data will be carried out by manual, computer or electronic tools which can guarantee security and confidentiality, and will be performed by personnel duly trained in compliance with the Applicable Regulations.
Depending on the consent expressed by the user, s/he may be contacted by e-mail, SMS message, or through any equivalent electronic tool, or by post or an operator call, using all the contact details provided. If you prefer to be contacted only through one or some of these contact details in particular, you can make a specific request using the appropriate form.
4.1 The use of cookies
The Company uses IT techniques for the direct acquisition of personal user identification data. For the types of cookies used, please read the "Cookies policy" available at the following link.
5. Scope of communication of Personal Data
Depending on the processing which the user may authorise, the Personal Data may be disclosed to persons providing services relating to Alkè activities, and which will be indicated in the specific Notices. The information may also be communicated whenever such communication is necessary to comply with requests from the legal or public safety authorities. The Personal Data collected will not be disseminated under any circumstances.
6. Data retention period (determination criteria)
Except for the Personal Data provided voluntarily by the user and for which specific Notices will be issued, the information relating to browsing is collected anonymously. The data received will be used solely to provide the requested service and only for the time needed to provide it.
7. Rights granted to you
The Applicable Regulations grant users a series of rights including, but not limited to, the right: (i) to access their Personal Data (ii) to request its rectification (iii) updating and erasure, if it is incomplete, erroneous or collected in violation of the law (iv) to request that processing be limited to the part of the information concerning them (v) to provide the user or third parties indicated by the user with the information concerning the user (so-called "data portability") (vi) to object to its processing, for legitimate reasons (vii) to withdraw their consent at any time by written request without formalities to the Alkè contacts indicated in point 1.
Alkè reminds you that, where the response to requests cannot be considered satisfactory, the user may contact and file a complaint with the Authority for the Protection of Personal Data (www.garanteprivacy.it) in the manner provided by the Applicable Regulations.
Alke'Privacy Policy - Alke'
Sectors
Vehicles for Tourism
Vehicles for Industry
Vehicles for Agriculture
Vehicles for Public Sector
Vehicles for Logistics
ATEX Explosion-proof vehicles
Services
Custom electric vehicles
Electric Vehicles Fleet
Electric Express Delivery Vehicles
Utility vehicles
Electric vehicles
Electric truck
Highlights
E-power utility trucks
Electric golf cars
Tail lift truck
Electric Cars
How to calculate the road slope?
Electric vehicles: the expert answers your questions
Copyright Alke' 2020   Privacy Policy - Cookie Policy
Tel: +39.049.8702400   |   +39.049.761208 - Contact us
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Go to top