https://www.mvsengg.com/privacy-policy/
×
Search for:
Search
×
Privacy Policy
section-d45e641
This Privacy Policy provides details on how www.mvsengg.com gathers, uses and discloses the data submitted by you to at our website.
Consent of users
When you continue using the website, we assume that you admit with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy which are included and forms a part of terms of service of the website. You agree to the handling and utilization of your data as explained herein.
Information that we collect
The “Personal Information” that we collect is not limited to but it may include information like name, e-mail address, contact number, and other related non-public information. We also fetch information that is not linked to your personal information and does not permit the identification of an individual person.
Collection of Personal Information
Personal Information you submit voluntarily to us is the only information we collect. The use of this website is discretionary for you. In case you choose to utilize certain parts of this website, we may request you to furnish us with some of your personal information like your name, your company name, email address, mailing address including pin code, and contact number. We reserve all rights to gather any of your other information that is willingly submitted by you in any feedback, comments, or forums on the website.
Collection of Other information
The technology used by us may unresistingly collect some common information that is not only tied to you like your browser type, IP address, and operating system. We or our approved agents may use Cookies and other navigational data like URL to accumulate the data with regards to the time and date of your visit, the website you navigated from and the website you promptly go to after using this website. It also collects information about the Website usage that includes the commercials, applications, programs and terms that you searched, clicked or just viewed. We do not take any responsibility of the Privacy Policy or the demonstrations on other web pages you are directed to from this website.
Using cookies
When you access our website, some of our web pages may utilize cookies. Cookies do no harm to your system and are virus free. It helps us make our website user-friendly, secure and efficient. Most of the cookies, called session-cookies, are deleted immediately after your visit while other remains in your device’s memory until you delete them.You can re-arrange the settings in your device so it can let you decide case-by-case basis whether you want to acknowledge a cookie or reject it. Or you can configure the device to delete cookies you’re your browser is closed or reject them under certain conditions. However, disabling cookies may confine the usefulness of this website.
Disclosing your information
We do not sell, rent or trade any of your personal information with any third party except the ones working with us. Personal Information provided by you is used by us only to provide you better access to the website and its services, customize the features and offer you additional opportunities, information, and functionality from us.Some or all of your personal information might be shared by us with our affiliated companies that are a common control. And in this case, we expect you to honor this Privacy Policy.We may share your personal information to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us or to protect and defend our rights or property. You agree to our disclosure of your Personal Information under the circumstances described above.Some of your information that you post on public pages may become available publicly and might get collected by others including people beyond the ones controlling this website. We do not have any commitments as for any data that you post to publicly available parts of the Website.If you have any concern related to the privacy policy or any other content available on this website, please write to us at marketing@globalbroach.com
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy.
OK
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings