http://www.ams-inc.com/terms-of-use/
Applied Marketing Science Terms of Use for Applied Marketing Science
Innovation
Litigation
About
Team
Join Us
Why Work at AMS
Roles and Career Paths
Contact Us
Home » Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Last updated: 11/18/2016
Please read these Terms of Use (“Terms”, “Terms of Use”) carefully before using http://ams-inc.com, http://ams-insights.com, and http://ams-litigation.com, website domains owned and operated by Applied Marketing Science, Inc. (“AMS”, “us”, “we”, “our”).
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, you may not access the Service.
1. Termination
We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
2. License to Use Website
Your use of any information or materials on these websites is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
3. Intellectual Property Rights
These websites contain material which is owned by or licensed to Applied Marketing Science. This material includes, but is not limited to, the overall website design and layout, appearance, content, and featured graphics. Other than content you own, which you may have opted to include on these websites, under these Terms, Applied Marketing Science, Inc, and/or its licensors own all rights to the intellectual property and material contained in this website, and all such rights are reserved.
4. Links To Other Web Sites
Our websites may contain links to third­ party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Applied Marketing Science, Inc.
Applied Marketing Science, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that Applied Marketing Science, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third­ party web sites or services that you visit.
5. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.
6. Changes
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.
7. Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Phone: (781) 250.6300
Email: inquiry@ams-inc.com
303 Wyman Street, Waltham, MA 02451 | 781.250.6300 P | 781.684.0075 F | inquiry@ams-inc.com
© Applied Marketing Science, Inc. | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Twitter
LinkedIn
Back to Top