https://www.bushman.com/privacy-policy/
Xtek Privacy Policy
Last modified: June 1, 2018
Xtek, Inc., including its wholly subsidiary companies: (a) Bradley Lifting, Inc., (b) Bushman Equipment, Inc., (c) Xtek Canada, Inc. dba Avon Engineering, (d) Precision Machine, Inc., and (e) Precision Maintenance, Inc. (collectively referred to herein as “Xtek”) provide products and services and the following websites: (i) www.xtek.com; (ii) www.bradleylifting.com; (iii) www.bushman.com; (iv) www.avonengineering.com; and (v) www.precisionmachineinc.com websites (each included in the reference to “Website” in this Policy) (collectively, the “Services”), which are wholly owned and operated by Xtek, Inc., located at 11451 Reading Rd., Cincinnati, OH 45241.  We take the private nature of your personal information very seriously and this Privacy Policy describes how we treat the information we collect when you use the Services.  Please read this notice very carefully.
BY VISITING THE WEBSITE OR USING THE SERVICES, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION ACCORDING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH OUR POLICIES AND PRACTICES, YOUR CHOICE IS TO NOT USE THE SERVICES.  YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE PROCESSED IN THE COUNTRY WHERE IT WAS COLLECTED AS WELL AS OTHER COUNTRIES (INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES) WHERE LAWS REGARDING PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE LESS STRINGENT THAN THE LAWS IN YOUR COUNTRY.  BY UPLOADING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE SERVICES You warrant that you have the right to transfer such information outside your country and into the United States.
This Policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website and.
When you register to create an account with Xtek or order products or services from Xtek.
Customer data.
Children’s Privacy
Children under 18 years of age are not permitted to use the Services for any purpose and Xtek does not collect personally identifiable information about children under the age of 18.  If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at .
Information We Collect
Website User Data
When you create an account on the Website, you may voluntarily give us certain information about yourself, your organization and your employees. This can include name, username, email address, city, state, and any other information you provide us.  We also collect records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.  If you’re using the Services on your mobile device, you may also choose to provide us with location data.
Customer Data
When you purchase products or services from Xtek you may provide us with certain information that is necessary to complete your order.  This can include name, address, contact information, order information, credit card information and other information you provide us.
Website Access Information
Like most website operators, Xtek collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request when visitors use the Website. Xtek’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Xtek’s visitors use the Services. From time to time, Xtek may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Services.  Xtek also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to the Services. For instance, Xtek may monitor the Website to help identify spam.  We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device you’re using to access the Services, including the type of device, the operating system, device settings, device identifiers and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings.  To learn more about the information your device makes available to us, please review the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like many websites, the Website may use “cookies” to collect information.  A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Xtek may use cookies to help identify and track visitors, their usage of the Website, and their Website access preferences. Website visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using the Website, with the drawback that certain features of Website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect to provide you full access and functionality of the Services.  Accordingly, your information may be used for the following purposes: (i) to provide and improve our services, features and content; (ii) to administer your use of our services and accounts; (iii) to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Services; (iv) to better understand your needs and interests; (v) to fulfill requests or to respond to questions or comments you may make; (vi) to personalize your experience; (vii) to provide you with announcements, notifications and advertisements related to your interests and use of the Services and other communications such as electronic newsletters, promotional e-mails or similar messaging; (viii) to provide service announcements; (ix) to protect against users seeking to hack into the Services; (x) to assess the level of general interest in the Services and (xi) for any other purpose with your consent..
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose non-personally identifiable aggregated information about our users without restriction.
Except as otherwise provided in this policy, we disclose the potentially personally-identifying information you disclose to Xtek only to those of our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide Services, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country and by using the Services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them.
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations or as described above, we disclose personally-identifying only when required to do so by law, or when we believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Xtek, third parties or the public at large.  If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users.
In addition, in some cases we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Xtek or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Xtek goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of Xtek may continue to use your personal and non-personal information only as set forth in this policy. Otherwise, we will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.
We may also disclose your personally-identifying information if you expressly consent to the disclosure.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You may send us an email at
to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.  We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to
or write us at:
ATTN: Jennifer King, Vice President of Administration
Xtek, Inc.
11451 Reading Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45241
Data Security
We are committed to protecting your personal information. We regularly test our facilities and use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Xtek may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion. We will post the updated policy on the Website and, if required by law, further notify you of the changes.  In all cases, use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. So please check this policy frequently for updates and changes.  If you continue to use the Services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us by email at:
or by mail at:
ATTN: Jennifer King, Vice President of Administration
Xtek, Inc.
11451 Reading Rd.
Cincinnati, OH 45241
If you can make it, we can move it.
CONTACT BUSHMAN
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our websiteGot ItLearn More