http://www.newbright.com/company/privacy-policy/
NEW BRIGHT PRIVACY POLICY
New Bright is committed to protecting your online privacy when you visit our website.  The purpose of this policy is to inform you concisely how personal information obtainable online will be processed and treated.  If you do not agree to our online privacy policy, please do not use our website.
NO COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In general, we do not collect or keep any personal information from you unless you volunteer it.  If you are under the age of 13, we will not collect your personal information online in the absence of consent from your parent or legal guardian save and except in limited circumstances permitted by law and described in this policy.
A SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS
New Bright adheres to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) and the privacy guidelines of the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus.  No personal information is required before one may access our website.  Parents and legal guardians can help us protect your children’s privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this site or any other without your permission.  Parents and legal guardians are encouraged to provide guidance and to regulate or monitor their children’s online activities.
If you are under the age of 18 and have any difficulty or question in understanding our privacy policy, please raise your concerns with your parents, legal guardians, teachers or other adults who can be trusted of and with whom you are familiar with to help you understand our policy.
USEFUL INFORMATION ABOUT NEW BRIGHT PRIVACY POLICY
The following Questions-and-Answers are designed to help you better understand our privacy policy:
WHAT INFORMATION WILL NEW BRIGHT COLLECT?
New Bright does not require anyone to provide any personal information about themselves in order to use our website.  You can visit our website without any need to register with us.  If you want to contact us, however, you are requested to provide us with your name and e-mail address if you want to communicate by e-mail; your phone number if you want us to get back to you by phone.  Any personal information so collected will be deleted or removed from file and database after we have responded to your inquiry.
DOES NEW BRIGHT COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13?
No. We do not collect personal information online from children under the age of 13 without consent of parent or legal guardian save and except in limited circumstances permitted by law.  These include –
a one-time response to a specific request from a child, and deletion of the child’s e-mail address immediately after responding;
collection of the child’s name and his or her parent’s e-mail address for the purpose of providing the required notice and obtaining consent;
collection of the child’s e-mail address to respond more than once to a specific request of a child, provided that after the first communication with the child, we will send notice to the parent’s e-mail address and provide an opportunity for the parent to opt-in the information collection and the parent may require us to delete the e-mail address and stop contacting the child;
collection of a child’s name and e-mail address for the purpose of protecting the security or integrity of our website, taking precautions against liability, responding to judicial process or law enforcement agencies on matters relating to public safety.
HOW DO WE GIVE NOTICE TO THE CHILDRENS’ PARENTS?
If you contact us and are under the age of 13, we require you to provide us with an e-mail address of your parent or legal guardian so that notice will be given to your parent or legal guardian explaining to him or her our privacy policy, what personal information do we collect, how we intend to use the information so collected, and at the same time requesting for parental consent.  Your parent or legal guardian will be afforded the right to consent to our collection and use of the child’s information without disclosing such information to third parties, or dissent to such practice, and we will act or refrain from so acting accordingly.
WHAT DOES NEW BRIGHT DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
Normally the information is collected for the purpose of responding to inquiries about our products and services.  The information may also be used for internal statistical purpose without revealing any personal identifiable information with a view of facilitating access to our website and improving our web content.  New Bright currently does not disclose to third parties personally identifiable information provided by visitors save for compliance with law or requests by law enforcement agencies, or for enforcement or defense of our rights, or for safeguarding the security, safety and integrity of our website and users.
DOES NEW BRIGHT LINK TO ADVERTISERS OR OTHER WEBSITES?
There is no third party advertising on New Bright website. We will not send direct marketing materials to visitors of our website. But our website can be linked up to major retailers (e.g. Walmart, Target) and on-line shopping website (e.g. Amazon) where our products may be bought. The privacy practices and the contents of the other sites are beyond our control. We recommend that you check the applicable privacy policies of those other websites before visiting any such websites. If any personal information is held by us, we will not transfer such information out of the jurisdiction or to other web platform or social media without legitimate reason and first notifying the data subject (i.e. the person to whom the information is related).
DOES NEW BRIGHT USE COOKIES?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information stored on the browser’s computer’s hard drive for different purposes, such as for authentication, storing site preferences, shopping cart contents, etc.  However, cookies do not spy on browsers or invade browsers’ privacy.  When you visit our website, we do have cookies to track information for the purpose of system administration and aggregate information such as number of hits, and duration of visits. This information helps us improve our website content and features.  Nevertheless, browsers’ ISP addresses are not connected to any personally identifiable information, so visitors of our website remain anonymous. Yet we will obtain your consent before installing cookies on your computer or mobile device. If you withhold or withdraw your consent, however, your access to our website and the availability of our service may be limited. Further, cookies used for the sole purpose of transmission of communication or are strictly necessary for the provision of online service that you explicitly sought for do not need consent.
HOW DOES NEW BRIGHT SECURE THE INFORMATION SO COLLECTED?
While New Bright uses every effort and exercises great care to ensure the security of information submitted by visitors of our website, we cannot guarantee that there will be no unauthorized access.  For internal administration purpose, when you make an inquiry with us via e-mail, we will store your e-mail address and request in an area where it is not accessible by the general public and delete your e-mail address when your request is satisfied.  You are reminded to close your browser window when you leave our website.
YOUR RIGHT TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
If, for any legitimate reason, your personal information is held by us, you have the right to – (i) obtain access to your personal information, (ii) ask for correction of or amendment to any incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete personal information, (iii) request for personal information to be erased when it is no longer needed or if the processing is unlawful, (iv) request for restriction of the processing of the personal information in specific cases, (v) object to any processing of your personal information for marketing purpose, (vi) ask for return of your personal information or transfer it directly to another data controller in certain circumstances, whenever this is technically feasible, and (vii) such other rights to personal information as may be afforded by laws, rules, regulations or market practices. You may be asked to provide information to confirm your identity in order to exercise your rights.
HOW SHOULD NEW BRIGHT BE CONTACTED ON PRIVACY PRACTICES?
Should visitors of our website have any question after reading our privacy policy or require further information about our privacy practices, you may contact us by e-mail at sales@newbright.com.