http://www.thermotron.com/terms/
Terms of Use
Skip to content
Environmental & Vibration TestingEquipment Manufacturer
Phone: 616.393.4580
Rep Locator
News
COVID-19 Update
Generic selectors
Exact matches only
Exact matches only
Search in title
Search in title
Search in content
Search in content
Search in excerpt
Search in posts
Search in posts
Search in pages
Search in pages
job opportunities
job_opportunities
equipment
equipment
resources
resources
Thermotron
Equipment
Temperature Chamber
Vibration Test Systems
Specialty Environmental Chamber
Controllers
Humidity Chamber
Thermal Shock Chamber
Altitude Chamber
Refurbished Chamber
AGREE Chamber
HALT HASS Chamber
TestTools
Service
Service FAQ
Controller/Software Updates
Replacement Parts and Manuals
Retrofit and Upgrades
Troubleshooting
Instrument Drivers
Service Seminar
Chamber Installation Guide
Resources
Brochures
Downloads
Videos
Webinars
Controller Demos
About Us
History
Thermotron Locations
Made in USA
Meet the Founder
Contact Us
Employment
Job Opportunities
Employee Benefits
Apply Online
Home  / 	 Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Agreement Between User and Thermotron
The Thermotron Website consists of https://www.thermotron.com, which is operated by Thermotron Industries.
The Thermotron Website is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Thermotron Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Modification Of These Terms Of Use Thermotron reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Thermotron Website is offered, including but not limited to the charges associated with the use of the Thermotron Website.
Links To Third Party Sites The Thermotron Website may contain links to other websites (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Thermotron, and Thermotron is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Thermotron is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Thermotron is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Thermotron of the site or any association with its operators.
No Unlawful Or Prohibited Use As a condition of your use of the Thermotron Website, you warrant to Thermotron that you will not use the Thermotron Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the Thermotron Website in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Thermotron Website or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Thermotron Website. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Thermotron Websites.
Use Of Communication Services The Thermotron Website may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send, and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
Falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded.
Restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services.
Violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service.
Harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Thermotron has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Thermotron reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Thermotron reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Thermotron reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Thermotron’s sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Thermotron does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Thermotron specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized Thermotron spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of Thermotron.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you download the materials.
Materials Provided To Thermotron Or Posted At Any Thermotron Website
Thermotron does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Thermotron (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input, or submit to any Thermotron Website or its associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Thermotron, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicenses permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Thermotron is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Thermotron’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
Liability Disclaimer
The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the Thermotron Website may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Thermotron and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the Thermotron Website at any time. Advice received via the Thermotron Website should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
Thermotron and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the Thermotron Website for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. Thermotron and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall Thermotron and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Thermotron Website, with the delay or inability to use the Thermotron Website or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the Thermotron Website, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Thermotron Website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Thermotron or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Thermotron Website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Thermotron Website.
Termination/Access Restriction Thermotron reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Thermotron Website and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. General to the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A. and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Pewaukee, Wisconsin, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Thermotron Website. Use of the Thermotron Website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Thermotron as a result of this agreement or use of the Thermotron Website. Thermotron’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Thermotron’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Thermotron Website or information provided to or gathered by Thermotron with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Thermotron with respect to the Thermotron Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Thermotron with respect to the Thermotron Website. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent an d subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
Copyright And Trademark Notices All contents of the Thermotron Website are: Copyright 2018 Thermotron Industries, a Venturedyn LTD. Company, and/or its suppliers. All rights reserved.
Trademarks The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
The example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted herein are fictitious. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Notices And Procedure For Making Claims Of Copyright Infringement Pursuant to Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), notifications of claimed copyright infringement under United States copyright law should be sent to Service Provider’s Designated Agent. ALL INQUIRIES NOT RELEVANT TO THE FOLLOWING PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE NO RESPONSE. See Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement.
Contact Please Contact Thermotron with any questions about this agreement.
Thermotron Industries 291 Kollen Park Drive Holland, Michigan 49423, USA marketing@thermotron.com
Last Modified: May 23, 2018
© Thermotron Industries 2020
291 Kollen Park DriveHolland, Michigan 49423, USA616.393.4580 | Email Us
About Us
News
Employment
Request A Quote
Contact Us
Terms and  Privacy
Temperature Chamber
Humidity Chamber
Vibration Test System
HALT/HASS Chamber
Specialty Environment Chamber
Brochures
Downloads
Videos
Webinars
Sign Up For E-News
Email
My Page
This website uses cookies to optimize your website experience. However, you can change your browser settings at any time.
By continuing to use this website without changing your settings, you consent to the use of cookies as stated in our Privacy Statement.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.