https://www.misssixty.com/us_en/conditions-of-sale/
New Arrivals
Autumn Winter
Dresses
Shirts
Jackets
Sweatshirts
Skirts
Knitwear
Jeans
Trousers
Top & T-shirts
Jumpsuits
Outerwear
View all
Shoes
Sneakers
Sandals
Boots
View all
Accessories
Bags
Belts
Hats
Socks
View all
Back in Stock
View All
Dresses
Shirts
Jackets
Sweatshirts
Skirts
Jeans
Knitwear
Pants
Top & T-shirts
Tracksuits
Accessories
Shoes
Outerwear
Shop By
Shop by collection
Angel Collection
Buff Monster Capsule
Shop by occasion
Get Comfy
Office
Party Season
Shopping by trend
Co-Ord
Motifs
SALE 2020
Ready to wear Sale 2020
See all
Accessories & Shoes Sale 2020
See all
View all Sale 2020
See all
Denim
Ready to wear
Dresses
Shirts
Jackets
Skirts
Jeans
Shorts
Tops
Jumpsuit
Outerwear
Outlet
Outlet
View All
Ready to wear
Dresses
Shirts
Sweatshirts
Skirts
Jeans
Top & T-shirts
Jackets
Accessories
View all
Miss Sixty world
Miss Sixty World
WRDSMTH Collection
Tom & Jerry Collection
Summer 2020 Campaign
New Angel Collection
Winter 2019 Campaign
Careers
Contacts -->
my account
store locator
newsletter
customer care
country
United States
language
English
PRIVACY POLICY
Welcome to our website.
This Privacy Policy illustrates the purpose and processing methods used by the Data Controller to process personal data. It applies every time a user browses the pages of the website www.misssixty.com , regardless of whether the same decides to take advantage of the services proposed by the same and/or purchase any of the displayed products. This document shall be regarded as an integral part of the Site's General Conditions of Use as they provide information on privacy and the security systems adopted by the Site.
The processing of Personal Data of Site users will be performed in Italy and conducted in accordance with applicable European legislation and Legislative Decree 30 June 2003, No. 196 providing the Personal Data Protection Code.
This document drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Art. 13 of the CODE by SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL, with registered office in via Lungotevere De Cenci  9 - POST CODE City, tax code, VAT number and  Business Register number PIVA 12038631003 and Triboo Digitale S.r.l., with registered office in Milan (Italy), viale Sarca 20126, edificio 16, Post Code 336, tax code, VAT number and Milan Business Register number 02912880966, who act as joint Data Controllers, and, via the same, intend to supply all useful information pursuant to the processing of the personal data of those visiting the Site.
1. THE POLICY
All Data subjects are entitled to the protection of their Personal Data. Triboo Digitale and SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL respect the rights of users to be informed on the collection and subsequent processing operations concerning their Personal Data. The Joint Data Controllers undertake to respect a strictly necessary principle when processing data that can identify the user, even indirectly. For this reason, the Site has been configured so that the use of personal data is kept to the minimum necessary and exclude the processing of personal data when the purpose of the specific activity can be achieved using anonymous data or other means, identifying the person only when needed or at the request of the authorities and police forces. This Privacy Policy will provide all useful information to understand how we collect and use the information that identifies users on the Site .
2. WHO PROCESSES YOUR PERSONAL DATA, HOW AND FOR WHAT PURPOSES
Triboo Digitale is the joint Data Controller in charge of processing the personal data of Site users, exclusively as regards the managing, completion and executing of the commercial transactions involving the purchase of products via the same Site. TD decides the scope and processing methods to be implemented and the tools to be used as far as security measures are concerned. Therefore, the Data Controller for the processing of personal data in relation to all the other activities, including those which are not functional to the sale of products via this website (such as, by way of example and not limited to, the delivery of products, RMA management, mailing of advertising materials on products and services other than those which may have been purchased on the Site) is exclusively SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL. For purely organisational and functional requirements, we have appointed some Chief Data Processors to manage user Personal Data, for purposes strictly linked and related to the provision of services on the Site, including the sale of products. Such Chief Data Processors have been selected on account of their experience, capabilities and reliability, thorough compliance with the provisions in force applying to the processing of personal data, as also related to security matters.
Please contact the Customer Care service for a complete list of the Chief Data Processors assigned to processing the personal data of Site users, or send an e-mail to: customercare@misssixty.com for SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL; privacy@triboo.it for Triboo Digitale.
In particular, to achieve the aforementioned purposes, and as part of the process when purchasing products on the Site, TD collects Personal Data (e.g. name and surname, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card and bank details, telephone number) via the product order form available on the Site.
Personal Data are mainly processed in electronic format and in certain cases also in paper format, such as for instance, when the processing of personal data is necessary to prevent fraud on the Site.
Personal Data shall be retained in the form that allows users to be identified for the time strictly necessary for the purpose for which the data were collected and subsequently processed and, in any case within the limits foreseen by the laws in force. To ensure that Personal Data is always accurate and updated, pertinent and complete, Users are asked to kindly notify us of any changes to the same sending us an e-mail to: privacy@triboo.it.
Further to what already provided for above, the personal data of Users shall not be disclosed to third parties for purposes not permitted by law or without their express consent.
Personal data may be made available to third parties, for ancillary purposes related to the provision of services required by the user (for example, for purchase related transactions). For further details on this aspect, please consult paragraph 4 below.
User personal data can be disclosed to Police forces or Judicial authorities, for instance pursuant to Site anti-fraud services, in accordance with the laws in force and whenever requested. Personal data will not be transferred abroad to Countries other than those belonging to the European Union, which do not guarantee a sufficient level of privacy protection. If the above should be necessary to achieve the purposes posed by Triboo Digitale, we will ensure that the transfer of Personal Data to Countries which do not belong to the European Union and do not guarantee adequate levels of protection, will only be implemented after such parties and Triboo Digitale have all signed specific contracts containing clauses for the protection of Personal Data, in accordance with applicable law and regulations.
The purposes for which Personal Data are requests and processed shall be specifically disclosed each time in the Information Note text provided on the page where the same are requested to confer their Personal Data.
There may be cases where Triboo Digitale processes third-party personal data communicated directly by Triboo Digitale users, e.g. when the user intends to tell a friend about a service or product on sale at the Site, or when the user purchases a product to be sent to a friend or when the subject paying for the purchase is different to the subject to whom it will be delivered.
In the above cases, Triboo Digitale, to the extent required by law, shall fulfil its disclosure obligations to the indicated user and, where necessary, request relative consent, upon registration of the relevant data in its Personal Data archives, or the next useful contact.
3. DENYING CONFERRAL OF PERSONAL DATA AND RELATIVE CONSEQUENCES
Conferral of Personal Data to Triboo Digitale and, in particular, personal data, email address, mailing address, credit card/debit card and bank details and phone number, is required in order to fulfil the aforementioned purposes.
Some of the aforementioned data may be indispensable so as to fulfil the obligations imposed by the law or other regulations, or to provide other services you may have requested as provided on the Site.
Refusal to disclose certain essential Personal Data, identified on the Site by an asterisk (*), may make it impossible to complete all purchase contract phases, and/or fulfil all obligations required by the laws and regulations in force. Failure to disclose certain Data can therefore, according to individual circumstances, constitute a legitimate and justified reason preventing the execution of the purchase contract on the Site or the supply of services via the same.
On the other hand, conferral to Triboo Digitale of additional Personal Data, other than those which are compulsory, is optional and has no impact on the purchase of products on the Site.
4. TO WHOM PERSONAL DATA IS DISCLOSED
Personal Data may be disclosed and made available to third party companies that provide specific services on behalf of SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL and/or Triboo Digitale, as Chief Data Processors or disclosed to other recipients of the data collected by SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL and/or Triboo Digitale, who process data independently for the sole purpose of executing the purchase contract for products on the Site (such as, for instance, Global Collect, for the execution of remote electronic payment services, via credit card/debit card) and only when such a purpose is not inconsistent with the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected and subsequently processed and, in any case, in full compliance with the laws in force.
No Personal Data shall be disclosed, assigned or otherwise transferred to third parties without informing users and obtaining their consent in advance, when required by law.
5. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA ON THE SITE
Triboo Digitale collects Personal Data and other information during the online registration process or when sending order forms to purchase products on the Site so as to execute e-commerce transactions. These data are processed by Triboo Digitale within the limits and purposes illustrated in the Information Note presented to users in the relative data collection section.
6. SECURITY MEASURES
Triboo Digitale has taken all suitable security measures to minimise the risk of destruction or loss, even accidental, of such Data, further to unauthorised access or processing that is not authorised or does not comply with the scope and purpose of collection indicated in this Privacy Policy.
However, as it is impossible to guarantee that such measures for the security of the Site and the transmission of data and information on the same Site limit or exclude any risk of unauthorised access or dissemination of data, we recommend users check that they have an updated antivirus protection system installed on their computer, which protect incoming and outgoing data, and that their Internet provider uses firewalls and anti-spamming filters where suitable for the security of data transmission on the web.
7. RIGHTS TO ACCESS PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER RIGHTS
Users are entitled to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning them exists, regardless of their being already recorded, and communication of such data in an intelligible form.
They are also entitled to receive information concerning the origin of the Personal Data; the purpose and processing methods; the logic used in the case where the data is processed using electronic equipment; the personal data of the Data Controllers, information on the subjects or categories of subjects to whom the personal data may be disclosed or who may become aware of such data in their capacity, for instance, as Chief Processors or Designated Officers. Part of this information is contained in our Privacy Policy; if users wish to receive further details, simply send an e-mail to  privacy@triboo.it, and to SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL at customercare@misssixty.com
Users are always entitled to obtain from each Joint Data Controller:
- updating, rectification or integration of Personal Data;
- erasure, anonymisation or blocking of data that have been processed unlawfully, including data whose retention is unnecessary for the purposes for which they have been collected or subsequently processed;
- certification to the effect that the operations indicated above have been notified, as also related to their contents, to the entities to whom or which the data were communicated or disseminated, unless this requirement proves impossible or involves a manifestly disproportionate effort compared to the right that is to be protected.
Users are also entitled to oppose, totally or partially:
-  on legitimate grounds, to the processing of personal data concerning them, even though they are relevant to the purpose of the collection;
- to the processing of Personal Data concerning them, where it is carried out for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys.
- Users are entitled to exercise their rights at any moment in time, within the terms and conditions of the law, sending such requests by e-mail to Triboo Digitale at privacy@triboo.it,  to SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL at customercare@misssixty.com; we will respond to your mail as soon as possible.
8. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Triboo Digitale does not control or monitor the operations of such websites or their content linked within the Site. Triboo Digitale shall not be held liable for the web content of such sites or the rules adopted by the same regarding the processing of Personal Data whilst browsing their website. We therefore recommend Users pay attention when visiting such websites and read their terms and conditions of use and privacy policy carefully. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites and Triboo Digitale is under no circumstances liable for the privacy policy applied by those websites.
The Site provides links to these websites exclusively to assist users in their search and browsing activities and to facilitate links to other websites on the Internet. Posting of such links does not infer that Triboo Digitale recommends the use or browsing of these websites, nor any guarantee of their content, services or merchandise supplied and sold to Internet users.
9. COOKIES
Cookies shall be set by the above or by third parties consisting of Triboo Digitale's commercial partners. Such settings are required to as to ensure normal Site functions and to allow us to provide the very best browsing experience.
For further information, users are invited to view the Cookie Policy made available by the Joint Data Controller using the following link.
10. CONTACTS
Users wishing to receive further information on how their Personal Data is processed by the Joint Data Controllers should send an e-mail to the following email address: for Triboo Digitale to privacy@triboo.it, for SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL to customercare@misssixty.com. To receive further information and be updated on the rights and the regulations concerning the protection of persons in relation to the processing of Personal Data, please visit the website of the Authority for the Protection of Personal Data at http://www.garanteprivacy.it
11. APPLICABLE LAW
This Privacy Policy is governed by Italian law and in particular by the Data Protection Code which regulates the processing of personal data - including those retained overseas - carried out by anyone who is resident or located in Italy or using instruments located in Italy.
The Code ensures that Personal Data are processed by respecting data subjects’ rights, fundamental freedoms and dignity, particularly with regard to confidentiality, personal identity and the right to Personal Data protection.
12. CHANGES AND UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
The Joint Data Controllers may amend or simply update all or part of this Privacy Policy also when amendments are made to laws or regulations that govern protection of personal data and user rights. The changes and updates to the Privacy Policy shall be notified to the users in the Homepage of the Site as soon as they become applicable, and they will be binding once published in this section. We therefore recommend users access this section regularly in order to check the most recent and updated version of the Privacy Policy.
Choose your delivery country
Europe
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Greece
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
LATVIA
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Slovakia
Slovenia
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Ukraine
United Kingdom
America
Canada
United States
`
Choose your language
English
Español
Regulations
Rules & Regulations PhoneWall Milano
Giftcard Rules
VIP Card Rules
<PAYMENTS
<TIME OF DELIVERY
<RETURNS AND REFUNDS
<CONDITIONS OF SALE
<PRIVACY INFORMATION
<Cookies Policy
<Customer Care
Home
/
Conditions of sale
Conditions of Sale
Website publication and entry into force date 2018/05/15
1. Subject
1.1. These general terms and conditions of sale (hereafter also the "Conditions")  shall apply to the purchase of “Miss Sixty” brand products (hereafter the “Products” or individually the "Product") via the e-commerce website  by users falling within the definition of "Consumers” pursuant to article 1.2 below. The Site, which is the property of  SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL , with registered office  in Rome, via Lungotevere De Cenci  9, tax code, VAT no.  and Business Register enrolment no.(hereafter the “Owner”), is managed by Triboo Digitale S.r.l. - a Triboo Group company - with registered office in Viale Sarca 336, 20126 Milan, Italy, tax code, VAT No 12038631003, and Milan Business Registry Enrolment No. 02912880966 hereafter "TRIBOO DIGITALE").
1.2. TRIBOO DIGITALE sells the Products on the Site on behalf of the Owner. The Parties involved in the purchase of Products via the Site shall be TRIBOO DIGITALE as Seller (hereafter the "Seller ") and the party purchasing one or more Products for reasons other than in relation to the profession, business, trade or craft conducted by that party, as the buyer (hereafter the  "Consumer") (the Seller and the Consumer shall be referred to jointly as the "Parties"). The purchase order processing activities, including the delivery of the Products, shall be managed directly by the Owner.
1.3. The Owner is not a party of these Conditions,  but holds all rights to the Site's domain name, the logos, the registered trademarks relating to the Products available on the Site and holder of all copyrights relating to the Site and its contents.
1.4. Any communication by the Consumer in connection with and/or in relation to the purchase of the Products, including any notifications, claims or requests concerning the purchase and/or delivery of the Products or exercising the right to withdraw, etc. - shall be sent to the Seller at the addresses set out on the Site and in accordance with the procedure also set out on the Site and to the e-mail address service customercare@misssixty.com
1.5. All purchases are regulated by the general terms and condition of sale published on the Site at the time the order is submitted by the Consumer.
1.6. The Site deals in retail sales and as such is designed for the exclusive use by Consumers only.  It follows that only Consumers are permitted to submit orders via the Site. Should one or more sales be made to a buyer who does not qualify as a Consumer, these Conditions shall be applicable but, in derogation of what foreseen by the same:
a) the withdrawal right referred to in article 10 shall not apply to the buyer;
b) the Product warranty referred to in article 8 shall not apply to the buyer;
c) no other provisions foreseen in favour of the Consumer which reflect or comply with binding provisions of the law shall apply to the buyer;
d) the sales contract entered into by the Seller and the buyer shall be governed by Italian law, excluding the provisions of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods - Vienna Convention 1980.
1.7. On submitting the order, the Consumer agrees that the confirmation of the order information and these Conditions shall be sent by e-mail to the address provided by the same during the site registration or purchase process.
1.8. Consumers must be aged 18 or over in order to make purchases on the Site and have legal capacity; the Consumer declares compliance with such requirements.
1.9. The Consumer shall be charged for any costs incurred to connect to the Site via the Internet, including any telephone expenses, according to the rates applied by the service provide chosen by the same.
2. Product features and availability in the various geographical areas.
2.1. The products are sold by the Seller with the features described on the Site and in accordance with these Conditions published on the Site at the time of the order, excluding all other terms or conditions.
2.2. The Seller reserves the right to amend these Conditions of sale at any time, at his own discretion, without being liable to provide any notice to Website users. Any amendments shall come into force from the date on which they are published on the Site, and will only apply to sales concluded from that date onwards.
2.3. Sales prices, the Products sold on the Site and/or the characteristics of the same, may be subject to change without notice. Such changes are only applicable to orders which have not been confirmed before the date such changes come into effect. In any case, The Consumer is therefore advised to check the final prices before submitting the purchase order, pursuant to article 3 below.
2.4 The Site can be accessed from all over the world. However, the Products available on the Site can only be purchased by users who request delivery to one of the Countries listed on the Site.
3. Product purchase procedure - Conclusion of each single purchase contract
3.1. The presentation of the Products on the Site, which are not binding for the Seller, is merely an invitation to the Consumer to make a contractual offer to purchase and is not an offer to the public.
3.2. The purchase order submitted by the Consumer to the Seller via the Site shall be a valid contractual offer and is subject to these General Terms and Conditions of sale, which form an integral part of said order; by placing an order with the Seller the Consumer undertakes to fully accept the same without reservation. Before proceeding with the purchase of the Products by sending the purchase order, Consumers will be asked to read these general terms and conditions of sale carefully, further to the notice concerning withdrawal rights, to print off a copy of the same by clicking on the ‘print’ button and to save or keep a copy of the same for their own records. Consumers will also be asked to check and correct any errors in their personal data.
3.3. The Consumer's purchase order is accepted by the Seller by sending an e-mail to the Consumer confirming the order, to the address provided to the Seller during the Site registration process, or during the order process if the Consumer has not registered on the Site; the order confirmation email which will include a link to these Conditions, a summary of the order placed, including a detailed list of the prices, shipping costs and applicable duties, along with a description of the product features. The Consumer’s order, the Seller's order confirmation and the Conditions applicable to the contract signed between the Parties will be filed electronically by the Seller’s IT systems and the Consumer may request a copy of the same by sending an e-mail to the Seller at  service customercare@misssixty.com.
3.4. Any contract for the purchase of the Products shall be deemed concluded when the Consumer receives the order confirmation from the Seller by e-mail.
4. Product selection and purchasing procedure
4.1. The Products displayed on the Site can only be purchased by selecting the relative Products and adding them to your virtual shopping cart. Once that selection is complete, in order to purchase the Products chosen and added to the shopping cart, the Consumer will be asked to (i) register with the Site, providing details as requested, or, (ii) where already registered, to login, or (iii) to provide their details so that the order can be completed and the contract can be concluded. If the details on the order are different from those provided during the Site registration phase, the Consumer will be asked to confirm the details (by way of example and not limited to: name, surname etc.) as well as the delivery address for the Products chosen, the billing address and, on an optional basis, a telephone number on which the Consumer can be contacted in relation to the purchase made. The Consumer will be shown a summary of the order to be processed, and change the contents: at this point, the Consumer, is required to carefully read and expressly approve these Conditions by ticking the relative check box and, finally, confirm the order by pressing the "Place Order" button; this will send the order to the Seller with the consequences illustrated in paragraph. 3.2. of this contract. The Consumer will also be asked to select a delivery  option and a payment method from those available. If the Consumer selects immediate payment by credit card, Pay Pal or real-time bank transfer, he will be prompted to provide the relevant data via a secure socket connection. The Seller reserves the right to check the personal details provided by the Consumer for accounting and administration purposes. For payments by credit card, the purchase price will only be charged to the Consumer when the Seller sends the actual order confirmation.
4.2. In the event that during the Product selection procedure on the Site pursuant to art. 4.1 above, the Consumer should notice that the price of one or more of the Products he/she intends to select and purchase is clearly lower than the standard applicable price, net of any discounts and/or promotions in force at that time, due to a technical problem that has occurred on the Site, the Consumer is kindly requested not to proceed with the purchase order and report the technical error to the Seller's Customer Care service by e-mail to the following address customercare@misssixty.com.
5. Delivery and acceptance of goods
5.1. Whilst the Site generally states whether or not Products are available and the relevant delivery times, such information is purely indicative and under no circumstances binding on the Seller.
5.2 The Seller undertakes to do everything within its power to comply with the delivery times given on the Site and, in any event, to deliver within a maximum of 30 (thirty) days from the day after the Consumer places the order. If the order cannot be processed by the Seller, as the Product ordered by the Consumer is not available, even temporarily, for delivery, the Seller shall notify the Consumer in writing and refund the amount already paid as illustrated in more detail in art. 5.3 below. If the Consumer has selected the bank transfer payment method, the delivery term will become effective from the moment the Seller receives the payment.
5.3. The Products ordered by the Consumer shall be delivered according to the method chosen from those available and listed on the Site when the order was placed. The Consumer undertakes to promptly check, as quickly as possible, that the delivery is correct and includes all and only the purchased Products, and to notify the Seller, within this deadline, of any faulty products received or any discrepancy between the order and the goods actually received, following the procedure referred to in art. 8 of this contract; failure to do so will infer that the Products shall be deemed as accepted. In the event that the packaging or boxing of the Products ordered by the Consumer reaches its destination visibly  damaged, the Consumer is invited to refuse to accept the delivery from the carrier/courier or accept the delivery “with reservations”.
6. Prices, shipping costs, customs duties and taxes
6.1. The price of the Products on sale is that indicated on the Site at the time the order is placed by the Consumer. Product prices shown on the site are inclusive of the costs of standard packaging, VAT (where applicable) and any indirect duties (where applicable), and are exclusive of shipping costs, which will be calculated before the order placed with the Seller by the Consumer is confirmed, and which the Consumer agrees to pay to the Seller in addition to the price shown on the Site.
6.2. The total price payable to the Seller will be indicated in the Order and also indicated on the order confirmation sent via e-mail by the Seller to the Consumer.
6.3. If the Products are to be delivered to a country outside the European Union, the total price stated in the order and order confirmation, including indirect taxes, is net of any customs duties and any other taxes which the Consumer hereby agrees to pay for, if required, in addition to the price stated in the order and order confirmation, as required by laws in force in the country to which the Product will be delivered. For further information on any duties or taxes applicable in his country of residence or destination of the Products, the Consumer is invited to check with the relevant authorities in his country of residence or destination of Products.
6.4. All additional costs, charges, taxes and/or duties payable in any given country, under whatever title, to the Products ordered under these Conditions are the exclusive responsibility of the Consumer.
6.5. The Consumer hereby declares that where, at the time the order is placed with the Seller, the former is unaware of the costs, charges, taxes and/or duties referred to in paragraphs 6.3. and 6.4. above, this shall not constitute grounds for termination of this contract and shall under no circumstances be charged to the Seller.
7. Payments
7.1. Payment for Products purchased on the Site shall be made strictly within 10 (ten) days from when the order confirmation is sent by the Seller to the Consumer. The Consumer expressly agrees that processing of the contract by the Seller will commence the moment the price of the purchased product/s is credited to the Seller’s bank account.
7.2. Payments for orders can be effected by credit card or PayPal at the conditions provided below. The Seller may allow additional payment methods, indicating them in the Website's payment section.
7.3. When payment is by credit card, the Consumer will be transferred to a secure site and the credit card information will be communicated directly to Global Collect Service BV, with registered office in Amsterdam, Holland, via Platenweg 43-49, 2132 HF Hoofddorp, enrolled with the Amsterdam Business Register no. 34140462, the operator designated by the Seller to handle all such transactions. The data provided will be sent securely using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) 128 bit encrypted file transfer systems. Such data remain inaccessible even for the Seller.
7.4. Orders may be paid for by bank transfer to the Seller, where the Consumer shall use the  "Swift" and IBAN codes indicated on the order confirmation, together with the order number.
7.5. The invoice/tax records relating to the purchase will be sent to the Consumer, where foreseen by applicable laws in force,  in electronic format to the e-mail address provided by the Purchaser during the registration process, if the products are to be delivered to a recipient in the Italian territory, or attached to the purchased product in paper format, in all other cases.
8. Seller's legal warranty of conformity, reporting of non-conformities and interventions under warranty
8.1. The Seller, in accordance with European Directive 44/99/CE and Italian Legislative Decree No. 206/2005 (hereinafter "Consumer Protection Code"), provides Consumers with a legal warranty that the purchased products are free from material or manufacturing defects, and conform to the descriptions published on the Site for a period of 2 (two) years from the date on which the Products are delivered to the Consumer. Warranties are not applicable when Products have been used or washed in an inappropriate manner, without following the instructions/warnings provided by the Seller and/or the Owner of the product, on the information leaflets, tags or labels.
8.2. The Consumer is required to report any defects and non-conformities of the products within and no later than 2 (two) months of acknowledging the same, sending the relative form to the Customer Care Service at the address customercare@misssixty.com  to the Seller's Customer Service by email , clearly indicating the defect and/or non-conformity detected, along with the relative information indicated on the form itself (at least 1 (one) photograph of the Product, the order confirmation sent by the Seller and/or the receipt). Failure to do so will invalidate this warranty
8.3. On receiving the form and related documentation, the Seller shall assess the defects and non-conformity reported by the Consumer via the Owner’s service centre and, having carried out quality control tests in order to assess whether the Product does not in fact conform, shall, at its own discretion, decide whether to grant authorisation for the Products to be returned, responding to the Consumer via e-mail to the address provided by the Consumer when registering with the site or placing the order; this e-mail will include the "RMA Code" Authorisation to return the Products shall, under no circumstances, infer acknowledgement of the defect or non-conformity; this aspect will be assessed once the Products have been returned. The Products that the Seller has authorised to be returned shall be sent by the Consumer, together with a copy of the returned product authorisation e-mail indicating the "RMA Code" within 30 (thirty) days from the date on which the defect or non-conformity was reported to the following address:
MISS SIXTY STORE MILANO DUOMO, Piazza Duomo 31, 20122 MILANO (MI).
8.4. In cases of defects and/or nonconformities, the Consumer shall be entitled to have the conformity of the Product reinstated with repair or replacement of the same by the Seller, or alternate remedies in the cases expressly foreseen by art. 130 of Legislative Decree no. 206/2005.
If the Seller undertakes to refund the Consumer for the price paid, the refund will be effected, where possible, using the same payment method used by the Consumer to purchase the product, or by bank transfer. The Purchaser will be responsible for sending the Seller, using the same e-mail address customercare@misssixty.com the bank details for the bank transfer in his favour, and allow the Seller to to transfer the refund.
9. Defective Products Liability
9.1. With regards to potential damages caused by faulty Products, the provisions set forth by European Directive 85/374/EEC and the Consumer Code shall be applicable. The Seller, in its capacity as distributor of the Products on the Site disclaims all liability, without exclusions and/or exceptions, indicating, on receiving such request from the damaged Consumer, the identity and domicile address of the manufacturer of the product concerned.
10. Right of withdrawal
10.1 Notwithstanding the exceptions under art. 59 of the Consumer Code, the Consumer shall have the right to withdraw from any contract concluded pursuant to these general Conditions of sale, without incurring any penalty, within 14 (fourteen) days from (i) the day on which the Product is delivered or (ii) if several Products on one order are delivered separately, from the date the last Product was received.
10.2 To exercise a right of withdrawal, the Consumer shall, before the deadline indicated in paragraph 10.1 above, access the "My Returns" page in the My Account area or, if the same is not a registered user, by accessing the designated page and entering the order number and email address used to place the order. As an alternative, the Consumer can send an explicit declaration to Triboo Digitale, using the contact form or email address customercare@misssixty.com of his intention to exercise the right of withdrawal using the withdrawal form enclosed.
10.3 On completing the requirements of paragraph 10.2 above, the Consumer will receive a withdrawal confirmation email containing, in the case where the ordered product has already been received, the RMA form to be included in the package, along with the instructions on how to return the product, to be sent within and no later than 14 days to: MISS SIXTY STORE MILANO DUOMO, Piazza Duomo 31, 20122 MILANO (MI)
10.4 If the Consumer has received the product, he is required to return it to the above indicated address without undue delay and, in any event, within 14 days from the day that notice of such withdrawal was given. The deadline shall be met if the Consumer returns the goods before the period of 14 days has expired. The Consumer shall be responsible for the direct risks and costs of returning the goods, and providing proof of the same. If the Consumer exercises his right of withdrawal via the Site and wishes to use the return service provided by the Site, before confirming the withdrawal request, the cost to return the goods will be indicated.
10.5 If the Consumer withdraws from this contract, a refund of all payments received will be effected, including the costs of delivery (with the exception of the supplementary costs resulting from the choice of a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and in any event no later than 14 days from exercising the right of withdrawal. Such refunds shall be effected using the same means of payment used by the Consumer for the initial transaction, unless the Consumer requests the refund via a different means of payment, in which case the Consumer will be charged for any additional fees incurred as a result of the choice of such means. We may withhold the refund until we have received the returned goods or the Consumer has supplied evidence of having despatched the goods, whichever is the earliest.
10.6 The Consumer is liable for any diminished value of the goods resulting from the handling other than what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods. Therefore, if the returned goods are found to be damaged (for instance showing signs of wear, abrasion, nicks, scratches, deformation, etc.), not complete with all parts and accessories (including unaltered labels still attached to the product), unaccompanied by the instructions/notes/manuals supplied, the original packaging and packing and the original warranty, if any, the Customer shall be accountable for the decreased value of the product, and be entitled to receive a refund equal to the residual value of the Product. To this purpose, it is highly recommended for Consumers not to handle the product other than as strictly necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the same, and
to use the original packaging of the Products plus further protective packaging that will keep them intact and protect them from writing or labels.
11. Intellectual Property Rights
11.1. The Consumer acknowledges that he or she is aware that all trademarks, names and other distinctive signs as well as any names, images, photographs, written text or graphics used on the Site or relating to the Products are and remain the exclusive property of SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL. and/or its assignees, with no rights arising on the part of the Consumer in relation to the same as a result of access to the Site and/or purchase of the Products.
11.2. Unless prior specific consent is granted in writing by SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL, no contents of the Site can be reproduced in whole or in part, transferred using electronic or conventional means, modified or used for any purpose whatsoever.
12. Protection of Consumer Personal Data
12.1. In order to proceed with the registration process, place an order and conclude this contract under these Conditions of sale, the Consumer is required to provide certain personal details. The Consumer hereby acknowledges that the personal data provided will be recorded and used by the Seller and by SIXTY DISTRIBUTION SRL, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of Italian Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 as subsequently amended - the Privacy Code (Personal Data Protection Code), to process each purchase via the Site and, upon granting his consent, for any other activities as illustrated in the specific Information Notice on the Personal Data Protection Code provided to the Consumer via the Site during the registration phase.
12.2. The Consumer hereby declares and guarantees that the personal details provided to the Seller during the registration and purchase process are truthful and accurate.
12.3. The Consumer is entitled, at any moment in time, to update and/or amend the personal data  submitted to the Seller via the “My Account” section on the Site, which can be accessed after logging in.
12.4. For any further information on how the personal details of Consumers are processed, please refer to the  Privacy Policy  and read the General Conditions of Use carefully.
13. Data Security
13.1. While the Seller takes all necessary precautions to protect personal data against loss, falsification, manipulation and improper use by unlawful third parties, due to the characteristics and technical limitations concerning the protection of electronic communications via the Internet, the Seller does not guarantee that the information or data viewed by the Consumer on the Site, even after the Consumer has provided relative login credentials, will not be accessible or viewable by unauthorised third parties.
13.2. Where data in relation to payments made by credit card are concerned, the Seller uses the services provided by Global Collect Service BV which adopts technological systems to guarantee maximum levels of reliability, security, protection and confidentiality for information transmitted over the web.
14. Applicable law, settlements and jurisdiction
14.1. Any sales contracts signed between the Seller and the Consumer under these Conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Italian laws in forces and, in particular, the Consumer Code, with specific reference made to the regulations concerning distance contracts, and by Legislative Decree no. 70 dated April 9, 2003, on certain aspects concerning electronic commerce. This is without prejudice to any rights granted to Consumers by binding provisions in force in the Consumer's country of residence.
14.2. In the event of a dispute between the Seller and the Consumer, we hereby undertake to attempt to reach an amicable settlement which Consumers can submit to the RisolviOnline service, an independent settlement service provided by the Board of Arbitration of the Chamber of Commerce of Milan, which provides the possibility to reach a satisfactory agreement, with the assistance of an impartial and expert Arbitrator, in an amicable and secure manner on the internet.  For further information on the RisolviOnline regulations or to submit a settlement request, please visit the website at www.risolvionline.com.
As an alternative to the settlement proposed in art. 14.2 above, the Consumer is also entitled to access the European Online Dispute Resolution Platform (European ODR Platform) to resolve any disputes between the Seller and the Consumer. The European ODR Platform is developed and managed by the European Council implementing Directive no. 2013/11/EU and Regulation (EU) no. 524/2013, to provide out-of-court solutions that are independent, impartial, transparent, simple, efficient, fast and low-cost ways of resolving domestic and cross-border disputes which arise from online sales or service contracts between a Consumer residing in the EU and a professional residing in the EU by means of the intervention by an ADR entity (Alternative Dispute Resolution) providing such services, as seen in the list provided. For further information on the European ODR Platform, or to submit a complaint and start alternative termination procedures concerning the dispute relating to this contract, please use the following link: http://ec.europa.eu/odr. The Seller's email address to be reported to the European ODR Platform is as follows: customercare@misssixty.com.
14.3 If no settlement attempt is made, as under section 14.2, or the attempt is not successful, exclusive jurisdiction for all disputes shall be granted to the competent court in the Consumer's place of residence or domicile address.