http://www.thermon.com/us/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Information
Our core privacy principles remain the same throughout Thermon worldwide:
We do not sell or rent your information to third parties.
We do not give your personally identifiable information to advertisers.
We let you select how you may be contacted by us when you join our community.
We use safe, secure encryption technology to protect your personally identifiable information.
We have no tolerance for spam (unsolicited, commercial email).
PRIVACY POLICY SUMMARY
We will not sell or rent your information, and will only disclose your information in accordance with our Privacy policy and/or with your permission.
We do our best to tell you all of the information we collect from you and how we use it.
We let you change your information so that you can keep it up to date.
We give you choices about how you wish to be contacted by Thermon.
We use safe, secure technology and other privacy protection programs to keep your information secure on Thermon.
We will always provide you with notice if our privacy policy changes and an opportunity to reject such changes.
For third-party services or features on Thermon that you have chosen your information will be shared with these third parties only when absolutely necessary and under confidential restrictions.
If other Thermon companies have access to your information in accordance with the policy, they are required to protect your information at least as strictly as we do.
We do not allow third parties to sell the information we provide to them or to disclose it in any other way without your consent.
PRIVACY POLICY
Overview -- Privacy is very important to us. Our privacy practices are held to high standards by outside organizations. As part of the normal operation of our services we collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and what may happen to that information. Although this policy may seem long, we have prepared a detailed policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about Thermon's practices so that you can make informed decisions. The privacy practices of this statement apply to the http://www.thermon.com/ website and apply generally to our subsidiaries or joint venture partners websites (collectively the "Site"). All of our subsidiaries and joint venture partners operate under similar privacy practices as described in this Privacy Policy and, subject to the requirements of applicable law, we strive to provide a consistent set of privacy practices throughout the global Thermon community.
As described below, some of your personally identifiable information is disclosed to third parties and used by us and third parties. By accepting the Terms of Service, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the Thermon User Agreement.
A Special Note About Children. Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
Information We Collect.
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier. Under some circumstances we may require some additional financial information, such as, but not limited to: if you are registering using an email account at a free email service. We use your financial information, including credit card information to verify your name, address, and other information.
We automatically track certain information based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), what browser you are using, and your IP address.
We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of our site. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing customized services. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests.Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.
Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of our site that are placed by third parties. For example, if you view a web page created by a user, there may be a "cookie" placed within that web page. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.
If you choose to post messages in our forums, chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback for other users, we will collect that information you provide to us.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
If you register for Thermon on another web site or use a web site providing a service for Thermon or a web site that helps facilitate your activity on Thermon, that web site may provide personal information about you and your transactions back to Thermon.
Our Use of Your Information.
We use information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms of Service. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases.
You agree that we may use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve our content and product offerings, and customize our site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve our site and better tailor it to meet your needs.
You agree that we may use your information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications on the registration page. You may make changes to your notification preferences at any time.
Our Disclosure of Your Information.
Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your information that they collect from our Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private.
As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your personally identifiable information may be disclosed.
Thermon Community.
Throughout the Site, you are identified by your User ID. If you select your email address as your User ID you will disclose your email address to other users and third parties. As a result, other users and third parties might send you unsolicited email and be able to personally identify all of your public activities on the Site. Although our pages are coded with robot exclusion headers, others may illegally attempt to automatically collect your email address from our site. We describe how to change your User ID below. Even if your User ID is not your email address, your User ID can be used to identify you and your activities throughout the Site.
Other Corporate Entities
We share much of our data, including personally identifiable information about you, with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, authorized representatives, and distributors that are committed to serving your online needs and related services, throughout the world. Our subsidiaries and joint ventures follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law. It is possible that Thermon, its subsidiaries, its joint ventures, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity. Should such a combination occur, you should expect that Thermon would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the service. You will receive notice of such event (to the extent it occurs) as provided in "Notice" and we will require that the new combined entity follow the practices disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Legal Requests
Thermon cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with any activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability.
Your Use of Other Users' Information
In order to facilitate interaction among all Thermon community members, our service allows you limited access other users' contact information. By agreeing to our Terms of Service, you agree that, with respect to other users' personally identifiable information that you obtain through the Site or through Thermon-related communication or Thermon-facilitated transaction, Thermon hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for: (a) Thermon-related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, (b) using services offered through Thermon, and (c) any other purpose that such user expressly agrees to after adequate disclosure of the purpose(s). In all cases, you must give users an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can you disclose personally identifiable information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other user after adequate disclosure. Note that law enforcement personnel and other rights holders are given different rights with respect to information they access.
Thermon and our users do not tolerate spam. Therefore, without limiting the foregoing, you are not licensed to add a Thermon user to your mail list (email or physical mail) without their express consent after adequate disclosure. To report Thermon related spam to Thermon, please send an email to the webmaster.
Control of Your Password
You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password, including fees. Therefore we do not recommend that you disclose your Thermon password to any third parties. If you choose to share your User ID and password or your information with third parties to provide you additional services, you are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password and therefore you should review that third party's privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password as detailed below.
Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information
Following registration, you can review and change the information you submitted during registration including:
Your User ID and email address. If you change your User ID we keep track of your old User ID(s) and your new User ID.
Your registration information such as: name, company, address, city, state, zip code, country, primary phone number, secondary phone number, fax number and gender.
Your password.
Your credit card number and expiration date, and other financial information.
You must promptly update your information if it changes. Once posted, you cannot change or remove any public postings made in our chat rooms or other message areas or the feedback area.
Upon your request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, email the webmaster@thermon.com. Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.
We will retain in our files information you have requested to remove in some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms of Service. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored "back up" systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.
Other Information Collectors
Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties on our Site or other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them. To the extent that we use third party advertisers, they adhere to their own privacy policies. Since Thermon does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Security
Thermon uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, including "firewalls" and Secure Socket Layers. Thermon treats data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet.
Notice. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time based on your comments and our need to accurately reflect our data collection and disclosure practices. All changes to this policy are effective after we provide you with at least thirty (30) days' notice of the changes by sending email to users who select such notification preference. We provide you with thirty (30) days notice to allow you the opportunity to notify Thermon if you do not agree to such changes.