http://www.newtonpress.co.uk/privacy.html
Fully Operational and supporting Professional services in unprecedented times
01205 461 116
Lincolnshire's
Premium Printers
Menu
Home
Covid
About Us
What We Do
Colour Printing
Large Format Printing
Promotional Printing
Design Services
Property Print
Our Work
Happy Clients
Submit testimonial
Special Offers
Contact Us
Newton Press Limited: Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how Newton Press Limited will use information that you give us when you use this website.
Newton Press Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Newton Press Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective from 17th October 2016.
What we collect:
We may collect the following information:
NameContact information including email addressDemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsOther information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers and requirements
What we do with the information we gather:
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Featured Blog Posts
Visit Spalding 2018
An insight into Adobe InDesign cc 2017
Buying Business Print
The Totem Display Unit From Newton Press
Tips For The Perfect Brochure
Logo Design Trends of 2017
The benefits from using social media
Taking that perfect photo for your printed promotional material
“10 Year Partnership with the RILEY REGISTER”
Debating to use Vehicle Graphics?
Contact Us
Address: 1 Abbissgate, Endeavour Way, Sutterton, Boston, Lincolnshire, PE20 2JA
01205 461 116
01205 461 117
sales@newtonpress.co.uk
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms & Conditions
Site Map
© 2020 Newton Press Ltd