http://www.pipinghotsurfwear.com/privacy-policy
0
Terms & Privacy PolicyPRIVACY POLICYThank you for visiting www.pipinghot.com.au, owned by Piping Hot Limited (“we”, “our” or “us”). Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to this website and any successor website (the “Website”). To better protect your privacy, and to help ensure a rewarding online experience for all visitors, we provide this Policy summarizing our online information practices and explaining the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This Policy applies only to personally identifiable information collected on the Website where this Policy is posted and does not apply to any other information collected by Piping Hot Limited or its affiliated entities through any other means.We are committed to providing a fun, safe and secure Website for people of all ages. We are dedicated to safeguarding all personal information collected online and to helping our visitors learn how to exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. Because many visitors to the Website may be children, we make efforts to ensure that children access only the content that is appropriate for them. In addition, we employ special measures to help children protect their privacy while online. We do not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity, and we take steps to prevent children from posting contact information.As we continue to offer our visitors new and different types of content and services, we may modify our practices from time to time.1. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECTAt www.pipinghot.com.au we do not collect personally identifiable information on the Website unless you voluntarily provide it to us when you visit the Website, including when you participate in activities on the Website such as games, informational and promotional offers, message boards, chat rooms, profile pages, or other public forums (if any). For some activities, such as online polls or surveys, we may ask visitors to provide information that is not personally identifiable. This might include first name only, city or state of residence, age and gender. In order to provide appropriate customer service support for some features of our Website or improve our products, we may ask visitors to provide a first name, email address and limited information that is relevant to a customer service inquiry.When a child under age thirteen (13) participates in an activity on the Website that requires the collection, retention, and use of personal information, we will also ask for a parent’s e-mail address so that we can notify the parent that we have received personal information from their child. We do not knowingly collect names and e-mail addresses from children under the age of thirteen (13) for these types of activities without notifying the parent via e-mail and giving the parent the option to remove their child’s e-mail address from the applicable database for that activity. For specific one-time requests we receive from visitors, e-mail addresses are collected and used only in connection with such specific one-time request.In connection with registration for certain interactive online games or features on the Website, we may ask users to provide certain information that is not personally identifiable, such as city or state of residence, date of birth and gender. For children under the age of thirteen (13), we will ask for the child’s e-mail address, which will not be stored in a retrievable form, but instead using a “hash” or unique code generated from the e-mail address that will allow us on a one-time basis, for example, to respond to an inquiry from the child regarding a lost user name or password. We also may ask for a parental email address for a child under the age of thirteen (13) who registers in order to provide notice to the parent that his or her child would like to participate in registration for certain interactive features. For individuals the age of thirteen (13) and older, we may collect and store an e-mail address to use in the case of forgotten passwords and to send newsletters and/or marketing information to which the individual has consented.When visitors come to our Website, we also may collect some non-personally identifiable information such as the current Internet protocol address and the type of computer operating system you are using (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer), the domain name of the Internet service provider, your activities while visiting our Website, your activities while playing games or utilizing services on the Website (e.g., which of our Web pages you viewed or which games you played), and the advertisements you have been shown.2. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATIONWe use visitors’ personal information collected in connection with child-directed activities for internal purposes only, such as enabling visitors to enter our online contests or sweepstakes, to subscribe to an online newsletter, to provide customer service, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information. We use parents’ e-mail addresses to notify them when we have received personal information such as e-mail addresses from their children and to give parents the option to remove their child’s name from our lists.We never sell, rent, or otherwise share our visitors’ personal information with third parties without appropriate consent. Sometimes, we use agents or contractors to provide services to our visitors, such as helping us conduct a sweepstakes, sending prizes to winners, or providing customer service related to activities on the Website. In these cases, we require the agent or contractor to keep the information confidential and to use it only for the specific services they are performing. We may on occasion combine information we collect through our Website with information that we collect from other sources. We sometimes use non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Website, and to improve our visitors’ experience on the Website. We also may aggregate, use and share this information with third parties to analyze Site usage, as well as to offer products, programs, or services.We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may use and disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws, or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements. In addition, we may transfer personally identifiable information about you if we or one of our business units are acquired by, sold to, or merged with another entity.We will not use or transfer personally identifiable information in ways that are materially different from the ones described above without also providing parental notification of such practices and obtaining consent for any materially different uses.3. COOKIES AND WEB BEACONSTo enhance your online experience, our Website uses a software technology called “cookies” or similar technologies. Cookies are small text files placed in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Although cookies could enable us to relate a visitor’s use of our Website and the Internet to personal information that the visitor has provided, such as an e-mail address, we do not use cookies in connection with personal information with one exception: for some activities, we use session cookies to ensure that visitors under the age of thirteen (13) provide a parental email address to assist with our compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do use cookies to determine how many visitors we have and how often they visit various sections of our Website and to improve or customize the content, offerings and/or advertisements on our Website. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Website (e.g., to recognize you by your user name when you return to the Website).We, our third party service providers and/or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Website. This also helps us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising.“Web beacons” or clear .gifs or similar technologies are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons can be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. We, our third party service providers and/or our partners may use web beacons on our Website from time to time for this and other purposes.You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at our Website. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.4. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, AD SERVERS AND SPONSORSOur Website may contain links to other websites including those of sponsors and advertisers, whose information and privacy practices may be different from ours. Sometimes these third party websites might conduct contests or sweepstakes that are promoted on our Website. Visitors should consult those other third party websites’ privacy policies, since those websites are not covered by our Policy and may follow different procedures.Additionally, we and our advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the advertisements that appear on our Website and to conduct research about the advertisements. These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies. We, our third party service providers and/or partners may also place cookies, web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements’ effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our Policy.5. SECURITYWe have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures in an effort to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.6. PARENTAL REVIEW OF INFORMATIONParents, please send a letter or postcard to our www.pipinghot.com.au Privacy Manager at the mailing address provided below if you would like to do any of the following:access personally identifiable information that the Website has collected online from your child;correct factual errors in such information;request to have this information deleted; orrequest that we no longer collect or maintain such information.Please be sure to include your e-mail address and a telephone number where we can reach you. To protect your child’s privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that we collect and maintain about your child.7. CONTACT USIf you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our Policy and/or practices, please contact us at the following e-mail and mailing addresses:Email:privacymanager@pipinghot.com.auMailing Address:Privacy ManagerPiping Hot Limited15/F, Soundwill Plaza ll - Midtown, 1-29 Tang Lung Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong 8. UPDATES & EFFECTIVE DATEFrom time to time, we may update this Policy. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on the Website. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this Policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.The Policy posted on this Site was updated on or about October 20, 2020. TERMS OF USEWelcome to www.pipinghotfuture.com, owned by Piping Hot Limited (“we”, “our” or “us”). This Terms of Use Agreement (“Agreement”) applies to this website and any successor website (the “Website”) and any other features, content or applications offered from time to time by us in connection with or via the Website (collectively, the “Services”). The Services and the Website are hosted in the U.S.A.This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms for your use of the Website and the Services (“you”). By using the Website, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. You are only authorized to use the Website (regardless of whether your access or use is intended) if you agree to abide by all applicable laws and this Agreement. Please read this Agreement carefully and save it. If you do not agree with it, please leave the Website and discontinue use of the Website immediately.This Agreement includes our policy for acceptable use of the Website and Services, your rights, obligations and restrictions regarding your use of the Website and Services and our Privacy Policy which may be found at www.pipinghot.com.au/privacypolicy In order to participate in certain Services, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions. Such additional terms are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by this reference.We may modify this Agreement from time to time and such modification shall be effective upon posting on the Website. You agree to be bound by any changes to this Agreement when you use the Website or Services after any such modification is posted. It is therefore important that you review this Agreement regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. If you do not wish to accept any change, you may choose not to use the Website or Services, or you may opt out of any offer by contacting us at privacymanager@pipinghot.com.au.We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website or Services at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability. We expressly reserve the right to restrict, suspend and/or terminate your access to any part of the Website or Services if we determine, in our sole discretion, that you pose a threat to the Website or our other users, or that you have violated this Agreement.1. ONLINE CONDUCTYou, as a user, agree to use the Website only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the Website any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, false, misleading, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law.If we are notified of any book, information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, or other material on the Website (collectively “Content”) provided by you (e.g., through an author chat or user forum, online review or comment posted on the Website) that is allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such Content from the Website. We may disclose any Content or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or court/government order or request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate our Website; or (iii) to protect our rights or property as well as that of our officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, affiliates, sponsors, and licensors (collectively, “Providers”) and any other user.We reserve the right to prohibit conduct or communication that we deem in our sole discretion to be harmful to us, to individual users, to the Website, to our Providers, to the communities that use the Website, or to any third party, or which we believe to violate any applicable law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither we nor any of our Providers can ensure prompt removal of questionable Content after online posting. Accordingly, neither we nor any of our Providers shall assume liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication, or Content on the Website.2. PRIVACY POLICYWe respect your privacy. The terms and conditions of the Website Privacy Policy are set forth at www.pipinghot.com.au/privacypolicy3. CONTENTA. PROPIETARY RIGHTSYou acknowledge that the Website contains content that is owned by Piping Hot Limited and/or our Providers (“Proprietary Content”) which is protected by copyrights, trademarks, and other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies now existing or hereafter developed. Such Proprietary Content includes, without limitation, television and/or film trailers and clips, photographs, text, wallpaper, icons, games and graphics. The Website, including Proprietary Content thereon, is protected by copyright under U.S. law and international treaties. You may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works based upon, or in any way exploit any of the Proprietary Content, in whole or in part. If no specific restrictions are displayed, you may download or make copies of select portions of the Proprietary Content, provided that the copies are made only for your personal use and not for any commercial use, and that you maintain any notices contained in the Proprietary Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by applicable law you may not reproduce or distribute in any way Proprietary Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other propriety right. In addition to the foregoing, use of any software content shall be governed by the software license agreement accompanying such software.