http://www.aldila.com/privacy-policy-website-terms-use
Skip to main content
HomePrivacy Policy & Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy & Website Terms of Use
PRIVACY POLICY AND WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Thank you for visiting our web site. We hope you find our website to be informative, helpful, and entertaining. In order to provide an optimal experience, we provide our privacy policy and website terms of use below.  By visiting our website, you are agreeing to the terms set forth below. If you do not agree to those terms, you should not use our web site.
PRIVACY POLICY
At our website, we respect your privacy and will take reasonable steps to assure the protection of your privacy. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage using the Internet, or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we have substantial measures in place to protect its security on our systems. You can report network abuse and any risk of security violations to us by emailing general@mca-golf.com. Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not and cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites and that this Privacy Policy applies solely to the information which we collect through our website. We encourage you to ensure that you read the privacy statements of all the destination websites you visit. Such third party websites are not under our control, and we do not endorse or make any representation regarding any information, software or other materials on such third party websites.
In general, you can visit our website without revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. This information is used to measure the number of visits, average time spent on our website, pages viewed, etc. We utilize this information to measure the traffic and improve our website.
Although we do not require the disclosure of any personal or company contact information (names, addresses, telephone and e-mail) to visit our website, we may need this information to service your needs. Typically, once you have decided to provide us any personally identifiable details (by registering for our newsletter, filling out a survey or providing various other types of information), such information is used only to facilitate or respond to your inquiries or requests, and for market research purposes.
We will not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to any third party. We may share the information with other corporations who are acting on its behalf to facilitate communications, and develop our website and social media platforms, and for our own market research.
A technology called cookies may be used to provide you with tailored information. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a site can send to your browser, which may then be stored permanently on your hard drive -- unless you have your browser configured to reject all cookies -- so (i) we can recognize you when you return to our website and/or (ii) we can collect certain information from your computer such as a user ID and an IP address, which will allow us to enhance our website to our customers’ preferences. You may set your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie. Check your browser to know how to change your cookie preferences.
Please do not send your unsolicited comments, input or ideas to us. If, in spite of our request that you not send us your comments, input or ideas, you still send them, then regardless of what your posting, email, letter, or other transmission may say, (1) your comments, input or ideas will automatically become the property of us, without any compensation to you; (2) We will have no obligation to return your comments, input or ideas to you or respond to you in any way; (3) We will have no obligation to keep your comments, input or ideas confidential; and (4) We may use your comments, input or ideas for any purpose whatsoever, including giving your comments, input or ideas to others.
We maintain a presence on various social media platforms, including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  If you choose to post any content to our Facebook or Instagram pages or to tweet using our hashtags or Twitter account, we may feature your content on our website.  Do not post any confidential or personal information using our social media accounts – all such information is public. Of course, you may use the opt out method described below to request that we remove your content from our website, and we will remove it promptly, typically within two business days or sooner.  Note that each social media platform has its own terms of use and policies as to posting and removing content.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
We may utilize email to communicate with you from time to time. By providing your email address to us, you are consenting to email as a communication medium between us and you. Occasionally, you may be asked to verify your email address to assure the accuracy of our database.
OPT-OUT OPTION
You have the right to "opt-out" and request removal of your email address from our send list. If you choose to opt out, you must opt out for every email address you have provided to us, or you may inadvertently be sent an email to one of your email addresses that have not yet opted out. You may opt out by making the request when providing personal information to us, by selecting the opt out option in reply to emails sent to you, or at any time by sending an email to general@mca-golf.com.  You may also use this email address to request that we remove any other personally identifying information from our databases, or to remove any social media postings of yours that we may have featured on our website
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICE
© Copyright 2010-2018 ALDILA®, INC.  All Rights Reserved. This copyright notice applies to the entire contents of this website. All content on this website is our sole property and our affiliates and is protected under U.S. and foreign copyright laws, except as to reposted third party content from social media.  We reserve all rights to the content contained herein. The content of this website or any Internet site owned, operated, licensed, or controlled by us or our affiliates may be viewed or downloaded for the user's personal, noncommercial use only. Even for personal downloads, you may not modify the materials nor use the materials in a manner that suggests an association with any of our products, services, or brands. The content herein, including trademarks, service marks, written text, html or other code, images, animations, digital photographs, or other content accessible on this site, should not be reproduced, copied, distributed, posted, or used in any other way without our prior express written permission. The use of our material on any other website or computer environment is prohibited. You may link to material on our website only with our prior written consent.
The website design, graphics, logos, trademarks and content are the property of or licensed on behalf of us. and may not be reproduced, distributed or modified in whole or in part without our prior written consent, except as set forth above.  All product names used in this site, whether or not marked with a trademark symbol (™ or ®), and whether or not capitalized or used in large print, are our trademarks or our affiliates, licensors, or joint venture partners, except as noted or where third-party products are referenced.  Any unauthorized use of these trademarks is a violation of law.
GENERAL PROVISIONS
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of these terms of use at any time without notice, and we encourage you to review these terms on a regular basis. These terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the laws of the United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.  All claims related to this website must be brought in the state or federal courts located in San Diego County, California, USA, and you agree to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of those courts. This website is operated and maintained by us from our office located in the United States of America. Links to affiliated Mitsubishi Chemical Group sites outside the United States are governed by each independent site's terms and conditions and local laws, regulations and business practices which may differ from the United States. If you access this site from a location outside of the United States, you are fully responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations.
Our site is not targeted at children.  We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13.  If you believe your child has forwarded his/her personal information to us, please contact us at general@mca-golf.com and we will promptly address the situation.
DISCLAIMER
WE BELIEVE THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN THIS SITE TO BE ACCURATE, HOWEVER, NEITHER WE NOR OUR AFFILIATED COMPANIES MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE COMPLETENESS OR ACCURACY OF THE CONTENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING PROVIDED ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGMENT. IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR AFFILIATED COMPANIES, DIRECTORS OR OFFICERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, INCLUDING DAMAGES TO OR VIRSUSES THAT MAY AFFECT COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR OTHER PROPERTY, ARISING FROM THE ACCESS OR USE OF THIS SITE OR RELIANCE UPON THE CONTENT OR ANY PRODUCT INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS SITE.
ALDILA®
Golf ShaftsBrandsROGUE®
NV®
TOUR
QUARANTA®
XTORSION®
R.I.P.
TypeWoods
Hybrids
Irons
What's NewPress Releases
News & Media
About UsWho We Are
Our Advantage
Our Technology
CommunityContests & Promotions
Videos
PurchaseDealer Locator
Online Dealers
Distributors
SupportFAQ
Warranty
Safety
Dealer Resources
Archive
Contact Us