http://www.lister-shearing.co.uk/privacy-policy/
PRIVACY POLICY – LISTER SHEARING EQUIPMENT LTDLister Shearing Equipment Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected and we take appropriate measures to safeguard your privacy. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us and how we share that data. This data may be collected via any Lister Shearing website or by phone or paper based means.
By visiting lister-global.com (or any other Lister Shearing website) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of UK data protection laws, the data controller is Lister Shearing Equipment Ltd of Units 3 & 4, Stroudwater Business Park, Brunel Way, Stonehouse, GL10 3SX.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
This Privacy Policy is regularly reviewed. This is to make sure that we continue to meet the highest standards and to protect your privacy. We reserve the right, at all times, to update, modify or amend this Policy from time to time.
This Policy is effective from 3rd August 2018.
Data Protection Principles
When processing your information, we must comply with the six enforceable principles of good practice. These provide that your personal data must be:
processed lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner,
processed for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes,
adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary,
accurate and kept up-to-date,
kept for no longer than is necessary, and
processed in a manner than ensures appropriate security.
Information We Collect From You
You may give to us, and we may collect information such as the following;
Name, address and job title; Contact information including email address; Company information - business users only; Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
Internet Protocol (IP) addresses from the devices you use to access the Lister Shearing Website(s)
Product purchase and warranty information; Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers or loyalty schemes; and Browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
What We Do With the Information We Gather
There are purposes for which we will use the information you give to us, as follows:
To carry out our obligations under any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us. It will be necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our products and services. It will be necessary for our legitimate business interests to ensure you are aware of the latest updates to the products and services we provide, or may provide, to you.
To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about. We will only do this if you give us your consent.
To provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you by electronic means (email or SMS). We will only do this if you give us your consent.
To provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you by electronic means (email or SMS). We will only do this if you give us your consent.
Disclosure
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries; our professional advisers; Amazon Web Services (AWS); and selected third parties including business partners, suppliers, installers, engineers and sub-contractors to the extent it is necessary for the performance of any contract between you and us;
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
in the event that we enter into negotiations to sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
if Lister Shearing Equipment Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the assets transferred to the third party; or
if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply any contract between you or us, or our website terms of use, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lister Shearing Equipment Ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place sensible physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
If your information is provided to us as part of an event that we host in partnership with a third party, we may share your information with that third party and it will then be subject to the terms and conditions of their privacy policies.
Data may also be supplied to agents of Lister Shearing who provide services for Lister. Lister Shearing will obtain assurances from its agents that they will safeguard personal information in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
Lister Shearing does transfer data, outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) as required by binding corporate rules to other Wahl subsidiaries. This data is managed and protected by Wahl using their Privacy Policy. The company does not currently transfer your personal data outside of the EEA to any other third parties. If you require further information regarding such transfers, please write to Data Protection Office at Lister Shearing Equipment Ltd, Units 3 & 4, Stroudwater Business Park, Brunel Way, Stonehouse, GL10 3SX.
By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Online Facility; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Length of Storage of Data
The length of time that we will store your data will depend on the ‘legal basis’ for why we are using that data, as follows:
Where we use/store your data because it is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, we will use/store your data for as long as it is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us.
Where we use/store your data because it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, we will use/store your data until you ask us to stop. However, if we can demonstrate the reason why we are using/storing your data overrides your interests, rights and freedoms, then we will continue to use and store your data for as long as it is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us (or, if earlier, we no longer have a legitimate interest in using/storing your data).
Where we use/store your data because you have given us your specific, informed and unambiguous consent, we will use/store your data until you ask us to stop.
Your rights
You have various legal rights in relation to the information you give us, or which we collect about you, as follows:
You have a right to access the information we hold about you free-of-charge, together with various information about why and how we are using your information, to whom we may have disclosed that information, from where we originally obtained the information and for how long we will use your information.
You have the right to ask us to rectify any information we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete.
You have the right to ask us to erase the information we hold about you (the ‘right to be forgotten’). Please note that this right can only be exercised in certain circumstances and, if you ask us to erase your information and we are unable to do so, we will explain why not.
You have the right to ask us to stop using your information where: (i) the information we hold about you is inaccurate; (ii) we are unlawfully using your information; (iii) we no longer need to use the information; or (iv) we do not have a legitimate reason to use the information. Please note that we may continue to store your information, or use your information for the purpose of legal proceedings or for protecting the rights of any other person.
You have the right to ask us to transmit the information we hold about you to another person or company in a structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format. Please note that this right can only be exercised in certain circumstances and, if you ask us to transmit your information and we are unable to do so, we will explain why not.
Where we use/store your information because it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, you have the right to object to us using/storing your information. We will stop using/storing your information unless we can demonstrate why we believe we have a legitimate business interest which overrides your interests, rights and freedoms.
Where we use/store your data because you have given us your specific, informed and unambiguous consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
You have the right to object to us using/storing your information for direct marketing purposes.
If you wish to exercise any of your legal rights, or have any questions, comments and requests regarding this policy, please contact us by writing to Data Protection Office at Lister Shearing Equipment Ltd, Units 3 & 4, Stroudwater Business Park, Brunel Way, Stonehouse, GL10 3SX.
You also have the right, at any time, to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office if you believe we are not complying with the laws and regulations relating to the use/storage of the information you give us, or that we collect about you.
Cookies
The website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of the website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the website and also allows us to improve the website.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Policy.
Links to Other Websites
The Lister Shearing website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave the Lister Shearing website, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
Policy Changes
Any changes we make to our policy in the future will be posted on this. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our policy.
STILL LOOKING FOR SOMETHING?
HomePrivacy Policy