http://www.homelanddrivingschool.com/school-policies
info@homelanddrivingschool.com
| 951-587-2587
+ Drivers Ed Login Page
Home
Pricing & Registration
Teen Driving Info
What We Teach
Additional Information
School Policies
Contact
Parent Training Guide
School Policies
School Policies
Cancellation & No Show Policy and Fees
Just like all other driving schools, Homeland Driving School and its other affiliate schools have a strict cancellation and no show policy.
To Cancel a lesson, you must call our office at least 24 hours prior to your scheduled appointment time to give us notice or you will be charged a $50 cancellation fee. Unfortunately, no matter what the reason is for cancelling we must charge the $50 fee so please make sure if you are feeling sick that you call us before the 24 hours to reschedule the lesson. If you are calling during non-business hours to cancel a lesson, please leave the students name, appointment date, time and instructors name if known.On rare occasions Homeland Driving School may have to cancel a lesson on short notice due to an instructor illness or some other unforeseen circumstance. Homeland Driving School will not be liable for any No Show fee paid to the Student for us cancelling a lesson within 24 hours. We confirm appointments by email not phone. Sometimes our emails go to spam so please check all your email boxes and make sure to write your appointment date and time down.
You are welcome to call our offices to confirm your appointment or to ask when your appointment is scheduled.  If we show up to the lesson and the student is not there, our instructor will wait 15 minutes then they will leave and student will be charged $50 for a no show fee. If you running late, please call the office at 951-923-3336 to let us know the status of your arrival so that we can let the instructor know to wait for you.You must have your permit with you for each lesson (copy is acceptable.)
If we show up and you do not have your permit we cannot legally take you on the lesson and you will be charged $50 for not having your permit.
Please make a few copies of your permit once the instructor has signed it.Instructor DisclaimerAll efforts will be made to honor your instructor request. However in an unforeseen circumstance we reserve the right to change the instructor. If you have a special instructor request or prefer a male or female instructor, please let the office know so that we can note your student account. Pick up Policy / Location ServicedWe do not allow our cars to drive on dirt roads or driveways. If you live on a dirt road, please let us know so that we can arrange a location to meet you that is on a paved road.There are certain cities and areas that we do not travel to for our driving lessons. If you live in Anza, La Cresta, De Luz or Horsethief Canyon. We have designated pick up locations for these areas. Please call our office to make arrangements for pick up.
Time Period to Complete Course
Online and In-Class Drivers Education Courses must be completed within 6 months of registration unless otherwise agreed to in writing by Driving School.
Behind the Wheel lessons must be completed within 1 year of registration or there may be a $60 per lesson fee charged for any lessons still remaining unless otherwise agreed upon in writing by Driving School.
We asked that if you are having trouble completing your course (Drivers Ed or Behind the Wheel) that you contact our offices to make arrangements for additional time. We understand things come up and are willing to work with all of students.If you have registered for one of our Payment Plan Packages you will be required to make your 1st Payment in advance at the time of registration. The 2nd payment will be due either 45 Days after your registration date or prior to scheduling your 1st behind the wheel lesson if you are doing one of our Online/In-Class Drivers Ed and BTW Packages or prior to scheduling your 2nd behind the wheel lesson if you have just registered for one of our btw packages, whichever comes first. If you have any questions regarding when your 2nd payment will be due, please call our offices and we will be happy to assist you. We do not keep your credit card information on file so we will make arrangements with you to process that 2nd payment.
Refund Policy
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE WILL CASH OR CREDIT REFUNDS BE GIVEN AFTER REGISTERING WITH OUR SCHOOL ONLINE, ON THE PHONE, IN OUR OFFICE or IF YOU HAVE ALREADY STARTED OUR ONLINE or IN CLASS DRIVERS ED OR BTW COURSE.
We do not give refunds for Students who move or relocate and those lessons cannot be transferred to another student.
If you need your lessons all completed in a short period of time, please check with our offices prior to registering with our school.No completion certificates will be issued until all fees are paid.
Online Completion Certificates / Replacement Certificate Fees
The DMV Requires an original certificate of completion for both Driver's Education Online and 6 Hours of BTW Completion. Once we get notified of you completing our online course we will mail you the original certificate usually within 1 - 2 business days. You may also come by our office and pick up an original copy.
If you choose to do this option, please email us or call our office to let us know that you would like to pick it up and we will be happy to have it ready for you.If you lose your original certificate of completion and require a replacement Driver's Education (Online or Classroom) or Behind the Wheel Completion Certificate there will be a replacement fee of $10 for us to issue a new one.
Privacy Policy
Homeland Driving School respects your privacy and we do not rent, sell, or lease your information to any third party. The details containing your electronic payment are securely transmitted from our payment gateway to our credit card processor for the sole purpose of authorizing your transaction so that we may provide our goods and services to you, the client.By using this website, you consent to our use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy (last revised on May 1, 2013). We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time without advance notice. Should a new policy go into effect, we will post it on this site, and the revised policy will apply only to information collected thereafter.Your visit on our site is tracked through a standard web traffic statistics program, which keeps records of traffic on the site. Our server automatically collects data about your server’s Internet address when you visit us. When you request pages from our web site, our servers may log your IP Address.User information may be disclosed to government authorities or other third parties when required or permitted by law, including, but not limited to, in response to court orders and subpoenas. We also may disclose user information in connection with investigations or when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property.
CONTACT US
Office Phone #
951-587-2587 Emailinfo@homelanddrivingschool.com
Office Phone HOURS
Mon - Fri
9:00 am
- 5:00 pm
Saturday
9:00 am
- 4:00 pm
Sunday
Closed
If calling during business hours and get our voice mail, please leave a message and we will return your call promptly. If you are calling during non business hours, please leave a message and we will call you the next business day or if its an emergency same day depending on the circumstances.
ABOUT US
#1 Rated Driving School in your area. Affordable Driving School in Homeland, Romoland, Nuevo, Hemet, San Jacinto, Menifee and Sun City. Please ask about any other areas we service when calling our office. We Accept All Major Credit Cards and Cash and Debit Cards with Visa or M/C symbol. We no longer accept checks. No Refunds once you register.
© 2020 Homeland Driving School | California Driving School License #E4763
Share by: