http://www.juliusbaer.com/en/legal/
Legal
This page is not available in your selected language. Your language preference will not be changed but the contents of this page will be shown in English.
If JavaScript is deactivated the display of contents is limited. Please activate JavaScript and reload this page. You can find information on how to change browser settings here
en
en
Contact
Legal
E-services
About us
back
Wealth management
back
Insights
back
Media & investors
back
Careers
back
Intermediaries
back
Contact
Legal
E-services
Our company
Our investment expertise
Our locations
News
Financial reporting
Share information
At a glance
Why Julius Baer?
Experienced professionals
Graduates
Apprentices
Job opportunities
Our people
Service models
Solutions
Global reach
Business Navigator
To change your current location please select from one of Julius Baer’s locations below. Alternatively if your location is not listed please select international.
Region
Country
Language
Update site
E-Services
Please select
Additional e-Services
Additional e-Services
*The location identified is an approximation based on your IP address and does not necessarily correspond to your citizenship or place of domicile.
Enter site
Legal
General
Automatic Exchange of Information
Client Data Privacy Policy
Event Data Privacy Policy
FinSA
Fraud alert
FX / PM Global Code
General disclosures
IBOR transition
Information for certain US shareholders
Investment update
Methodologies and glossary
MiFID II / MiFIR
Personal Investment Recommendation (PIR)
Portfolio analysis disclaimers
Proposal summary disclaimers
Social media
Technical Analysis
USA Patriot Act / Wolfsberg
US Internal Revenue Service
Location specific
Austria
Bahrain
Brazil
Germany
Guernsey
Hong Kong SAR
India
Israel
Japan
Luxembourg
Monaco
Russia
Singapore
South Africa
Spain
Switzerland
Uruguay
United Kingdom
About us
Contact
Legal
Data privacy policy
Terms of use
Cookie settings
News alert
© 2020 Julius Baer
Certain products and services of the Julius Baer Group are not accessible to residents and/or nationals of certain countries. Website users are therefore asked to consult the Terms of use applicable to this website and to contact their nearest Julius Baer entity (“Locations”) for information on products and services available in their country. Furthermore, users may consult their legal/tax advisors should they require any clarifications on the interpretation of the Terms of use.
Your cookie settings to protect your privacy
We use cookies to make our website user-friendly for you. Below you can find a description of each type as well as options for managing your preferences. These settings do not apply to Julius Baer mobile applications. Your preferences expire after six months:
Functional Cookies
These cookies are required for the basic functions of this website. They make it easier for you to access content on this website. Among other things, we use these cookies to store your domicile and language settings. Functional cookies cannot be deactivated.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies enable us to analyse and improve the preferences and user behaviour on our website. This enables us to deliver a user experience based on your needs.
Marketing Cookies
We use these cookies to display advertisements tailored to your interests, both inside and outside our website
Data Privacy Policy
Detailed information on the handling of cookies and data privacy, as well as your right to withdraw your consent at any time, can be found in our
Data Privacy Policy
.
Save settings
Cancel
Privacy settings
We use cookies to make our website user-friendly for you. Please click "accept" or "customise settings" to customise which cookies will be set. Your preferences expire after six months. A default 'no consent' option applies in case no choice is made. Detailed information on the handling of cookies and data privacy, as well as your right to withdraw your consent at any time, can be found in our
Data Privacy Policy
.
Customise settings
Accept