http://www.dallasmarketcenter.com/privacy
COVID-19
Updates and Continuing Business
x
Go!
Login
Remember My EmailForgot My Password   Sign Up
Buyers
Find Products
Exhibitors & Lines
Open Daily
Mobile App
Campus Maps
Become a Buyer
New Business Application
Registered Buyers
Buyers' Guide
Policies & Conduct
Exhibitors
Find Products
Exhibitors & Lines
Open Daily
Mobile App
Campus Maps
Become an Exhibitor
Getting Started
Temporary Leasing
Permanent Leasing
Shared Showrooms
Current Exhibitors
Marketing Opportunities
Exhibitor Tools
Exhibitor Services
Markets
Upcoming Markets
December Holiday/Floral Pre-Buy
January Dallas Total Home & Gift Market
January Lightovation: Dallas International Lighting Show
January Dallas Apparel & Accessories Market
January KidsWorld
January WESA’s International Western/English Apparel & Equipment Market
FULL CALENDAR
Market Travel
Plan Your Trip
Book Hotel
Airfare Discounts
Transportation
Restaurant Guide
Campus Maps
Open Daily With Strict Health and Safety Measures: Temperature Check and Face Covering Required
more
ContactAbout DMCJobsPressPublic Events
Privacy Policy
This statement applies to information collected about users on the dallasmarketcenter.com website.
Personal Information
We collect information you choose to submit during your registration.
We sometimes obtain additional information about you such as your demographic and system information from other sources.
Uses
We use the information you submit to provide you with services you request.
We use information about you to provide offers and information regarding DMC products and services.
We do not share your information with, or sell it to, other marketers without your permission. We may share your information with affiliates as well as vendors we've hired to assist in providing products and services.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Dallas Market Center is committed to protecting your privacy online. Any personal information that you provide us is safeguarded, and we make every reasonable effort to use this information only as you choose.
The goal of this Privacy Notice is to advise you of the online privacy practices of dallasmarketcenter.com and to describe the way the information collected on this site is used. It also applies to user profiles.
Your Personal Information
Dallas Market Center's primary goals in collecting personal information about you are, first, to give you a meaningful, enjoyable, and personalized website experience and, second, to facilitate the development of new products and services relevant to consumers like you. Personal information also allows us to provide better service to you by tailoring our communications to match your interests - deliver more of what you want and less of what you don't want.
Types of information we gather
Information You Explicitly Provide: Your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number. You can choose not to provide this information but then you might not be able to participate in some of our services or offerings.
Information from Other Sources: We sometimes obtain additional information about you, such as demographic and system information, from other sources and merge it with information we have collected on this site, as well as information you may have provided offline.
Information We Automatically Collect: We use common internet technologies such as javascript and sessions to ensure the integrity of our site and to customize portions of the site for you.
Sessions: To keep track of temporary information. For example, sessions allow us to keep track of the terms you search for.
Javascript: To collect and record information about what you viewed on our Web site and what you viewed in our e-mail. To collect non-personal data on the usage of our site including but not limited to the date and time of the visit, the pages visited, the referring web page, the type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox), the type of operating system (e.g., Windows, Linux, or Mac), and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider (e.g., AOL). This information is collected about thousands of site visits and analyzed as a whole. This information is useful in, for example, tracking the performance of our online advertising such as online banner ads and to determine where to place future advertising on other web sites.
Disabling Javascript : If you are uncomfortable with the collection of such information through the use of javascript, we recommend disabling this feature through your browser preferences, though please understand this will limit the performance and functionality of Dallas Market Center's Web site. Your browser documentation should provide specific procedures for disabling javascript support.
Using your Information
Dallas Market Center only uses your personal information to conduct business with you. Some examples include:
Registering you in programsCreating and maintaining accountsProcessing, fulfilling, and following up on ordersAnswering your e-mailCommunicating with youSending surveys
We also use this personal information to better understand your needs and interests, to improve our service and to personalize communications.
Your personally identifiable information will not be rented or sold to any third party. Dallas Market Center may share your personal information as follows:
Companies who work on our behalf: We contract with other companies to perform business support functions on our behalf, which may involve limited access to your personal information. We require these companies to use the information only to provide the contracted services; they are prohibited from transferring the information to another party except as needed to provide those services. Some examples of these business support functions include order fulfillment, coupon fulfillment, award and rebate fulfillments, customer survey execution; and information systems management. We also may make aggregate non-personal information available to select service providers.Dallas Market Center's subsidiaries and joint ventures: A subsidiary or a joint venture is an organization in which Dallas Market Center owns at least a 50% interest. If Dallas Market Center shares your information with a subsidiary or joint venture partner, Dallas Market Center will require that they not transfer your information to another party for marketing purposes or use your information contrary to your expressed choices. If you have indicated that you do not want to receive any marketing information from Dallas Market Center, we will not share your information with our subsidiary or joint venture partner for their marketing purposes.Business Transfers: Dallas Market Center reserves the right to transfer your personal information in connection with the sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets. If the business is sold or transferred, Dallas Market Center will give you an opportunity to tell us not to transfer your personal information. In some cases, this may mean that the new organization will not be able to continue providing to you the services or products that Dallas Market Center provided.Law Enforcement: Dallas Market Center may disclose personal information to third parties without your consent for any of the following reasons: to comply with any law, regulation or court order, to cooperate with Government investigations, to help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights of Dallas Market Center or its subsidiaries.With Your Consent: In all other cases, Dallas Market Center will obtain your express consent before sharing your information with third parties. For example, Dallas Market Center may conduct a joint offer or contest with a third party and you will be asked whether your personal information should be shared with that third party.
Your Choices about Receiving E-mail
Dallas Market Center may send you e-mail about your orders or your account and in response to your questions. Dallas Market Center and its subsidiaries may also send you e-mail with information and/or special offers about products and services that may be of interest to you, unless you indicate you do not want to receive them.
We will give you an opportunity to let us know your preference regarding the receiving of promotional e-mail when you register for a service, when you provide us with your personal information, or when we send you e-mail. If you choose not to accept this promotional e-mail, you may not receive special offers that may be of value to you. This option applies to promotional e-mail only, as we may find it necessary to send you e-mail relating to your account or order.
Promotional e-mail that you receive from Dallas Market Center will tell you how to decline receiving future promotional e-mail.
Protecting Your Information
Dallas Market Center implements a variety of administrative, managerial, and technical security measures to help protect your personal information. Dallas Market Center has Internal Control Standards which relate specifically to the handling of personal information. These include certain controls to help safeguard the information we collect online. Dallas Market Center employees are trained to understand and comply with these controls and we communicate our Privacy Notice, practices and guidelines to our employees. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, you must also take steps to protect your information. We urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal and professional information while you are on the Internet.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the online privacy of children is especially important, and those under the age of 13 are protected by federal law. For that reason, Dallas Market Center does not knowingly permit children under the age of 13 to become registered users of our site. If we ever include children under the age of 13 as part of our intended site audience, those specific web pages will, in accordance with the provisions of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), be clearly identified and provide an explicit privacy notice; and we will provide processes to obtain parental approval, provide access to information and allow parents to request removal of their children's personal information.
Outside Links
Some DMC Web pages contain links to and from other Web sites and DMC is not responsible for the privacy practices of those Web sites. DMC encourages you to ascertain the privacy practices of those Web sites.
Keeping Your Information Accurate
If you are a registered user of dallasmarketcenter.com, you can review and update your member profile using your user name and password. You also have the option of sending an e-mail to websupport@dmcmail.com to request a change to your. We will make every reasonable effort to make sure your requests are met. To protect your privacy, proof of identity is required.
Changes to this Privacy Notice
Dallas Market Center reserves the right to modify this Privacy Notice from time to time, by posting a prominent announcement on this page or, in the event of a material change, by notifying by e-mail all customers whose personal information we have retained.
About Us
Contact Us
Explore Our Campus
Industry Partners
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Careers
Market Center Careers
Exhibitor Positions
Application FAQs
Market Hall Events
Public Events
Market Hall Rentals
Public Relations
Press Room
Request a Press Pass
Quick Links
Market Calendar
Campus Maps
Market Travel
Mobile App
DMC Daily Dose
Sign Me Up
Connect With Us on Social Media
@dallasmarket #dallasmarket
©2017 | Dallas Market Center2100 Stemmons Freeway, Dallas, TX 75207 | 214.655.6100 or 214.744.7444