http://www.americanspirit.org/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyAmerican Spirit FCU Staff2019-06-09T15:16:59+00:00
American Spirit Federal Credit Union will collect only the personal information that is necessary to conduct our business.
That means the Credit Union will collect only information necessary to provide competitive financial products and services.
The Credit Union will protect member’s personal information and maintain strong security controls to ensure that member information in our files and computers is protected.
Where appropriate, we will use security coding techniques to protect against unauthorized access to personal records, ensure accuracy and integrity of communications and transactions and protect member confidentiality.
Members will always have access to their information.
Members will have the opportunity to review their information and make necessary changes to ensure that the Credit Union’s records are complete and accurate.
American Spirit FCU will only share information when absolutely necessary.
We will only share information to administer the products and services we provide, when required to do so by the government, or when we partner with other businesses to offer a broader array of products and services.
American Spirit FCU will partner only with businesses that follow strict confidentiality requirements.
The businesses we select will offer products designed to enhance members’ wellbeing.
Under no circumstances will we authorize these firms to charge member accounts without their express consent. We will not sell member information.
American Spirit will offer members a choice in how their information is used.
Any member of American Spirit FCU may elect to keep their information from being shared with the Credit Union’s business partners.
American Spirit FCU will inform members on how to exercise their choice. The Credit Union will take all reasonable steps to make sure member requests are followed.
At least once a year we will remind members of their right to choose.
Third-Party Web Site Disclosure
We provide links to other World Wide Web sites and resources. We do not control these sites and resources, and are not responsible for their availability, content, or delivery of services.
Go to Top