https://www.weberinsurance.com/privacy-policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Weber Insurance Corporation collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users of the www.weberinsurance.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Weber Insurance Corporation.
Personal identification information
Weber Insurance Corporation collects information about our customers that is necessary to provide those services usual and customary to independent insurance agents.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Weber Insurance Corporation may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
– To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Our Site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find links to the sites and services of third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Weber Insurance Corporation has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Weber Insurance Corporation appreciates your business and in order to continue building upon that relationship we believe it is necessary, not only from a legal standpoint, but also as a sound business practice that our customers understand the care our agency uses in handling your information.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Weber Insurance Corporation
www.weberinsurance.com
505 Corporate Drive West Langhorne, PA 19047
(888) 860.0400
service@weberinsurance.com
This document was last updated on March 31, 2019
Call us Today: 888.860.0400
The Weber Insurance Corporation Difference:
In most cases, we can get you insured in about an hour!
Insurance Discounts up to 15% or more
Combine Auto Insurance, and Homeowner Insurance policies for greater savings!
Worry-Free Claims Service
Fast and Easy Quotes
Have questions on requesting a quote? Call or Email us at help@weberinsurance.com
From our Blog
If you own a second home or a vacation home, then your insurance needs are vastly different from those who occupy a single home. Weber Insurance … [Read More...]
Recent Posts
Tips for Insuring Your Second Home
Everything You Need to Know About Gap Insurance
How Much Does it Costto Tow Your Car?
The Essential Home & Auto Insurance Basics You Should Know
Personal Umbrella Insurance Bucks County NJ
Why Weber Insurance Corporation?
Welcome and thank you for your interest in Weber Insurance. We are an Insurance agency that represents over a dozen A-rated, financially sound Insurance providers to help find you the best insurance coverage that fits your needs and budget. We offer all forms of both personal insurance and business insurance products, and can help you save money and time with our many Auto insurance, Home Insurance and Umbrella Insurance coverage options.
Continue Reading...
Contact Weber Insurance Corporation
Weber Insurance Corporation
505 Corporate Drive West
Langhorne, PA 19047
Phone: 215.860.0400
Toll Free: 888.860.0400
Fax: 215.860.4758
service@weberinsurance.com
CLICK FOR DIRECTIONS
FacebookLinkedInTwitterYouTube
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Subscribe to our mailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name