http://www.dynamoplaygrounds.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Dynamo Playgrounds Privacy Policy
Last Modified: March 8, 2018
Dynamo Industries, Inc., (Collectively, “we”, “our”, “us” or “Dynamo”) is committed to your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to and governs data collection and usage on the Dynamo Playgrounds Website, www.dynamoplaygrounds.com, (the “Site”) owned and operated by Dynamo Industries, Inc. It is intended to describe for you our practices regarding:
The information we collect and the information we hold on behalf of our website visitors, distributors or customers who download or request information from our site (“you” or “your”);
How that information may be used;
With whom we may share that information and;
How the data is protected/stored.
We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully when using the Site, or when providing information to us through the Site. You understand that by using the Site you are accepting our practices as described in this Privacy Policy.
Type of Information we collect on our site.
We collect and store personal information that you give us when you (a) apply to become a Dynamo distributor, (b) request information from Dynamo via our website, (c) fill in requests to our support department, (d) or send us an email. This information may include your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, fax number, and other optional demographic and company specific information.
Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Dynamo Industries, Inc. and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference). Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
Passive Collection
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality.
How we use your personal information.
Dynamo may use your data in the following ways;
To customize your view (dashboard) and provide you with order status information as a Dynamo approved distributor.
For developing Sales & Marketing programs
Testimonials (only when express permission is provided)
How is your information shared?
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may share your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as, shipping your order. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
In certain situations, Dynamo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
How is your information stored?
To help protect the privacy of data and personal information you transmit through use of this Site, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy on this Site identifying the date the information was amended. You should check our Site frequently to see the current Privacy Policy that is in effect and any changes that may have been made to it. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or policies regarding our privacy practices that govern the use of this Site.