http://www.afsbonline.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | All For Some Bullion Online
Skip to content
Home
About
Buying and Selling Precious Metals
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
INTRODUCTION
1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY. All for Some Bullion Online (“us”, “we,” “Company”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors and other users of http://www.afsbonline.com (the “Site”). We created this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.
1.2. NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN
PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. WHAT BASIC INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?
In operating the Site, we collect personal information from you in a couple different situations. The first is if you should contact us via the “contact” page. In doing so, you will provide us with your name and email address. The second is if you leave a comment to a blog post during which you may be asked for a name and other information. You are not required to provide us with information via these two methods to use and enjoy the Site.
2.2. WHAT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY COLLECT?
(a) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet). No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
(b) COOKIES. From time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our Site. Cookies help us learn which areas of our Site are useful and which areas need improvement through programs including, but not limited to, Google Analytics. We may also use cookies from third party social sites and programs including, but not limited to, Facebook, Google Plus and Twitter. You can choose to disable cookies through your browser or independent programs available online. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our Site may be diminished as some features may not work as they were intended.
(c) SPONSORS AND ADVERTISERS. We may decide to accept sponsorship and advertisements on the Site. Should this occur, you should assume said sponsors and advertisers will be given access to the impressions and click data on their marketing pieces. Your personally identifiable information will never be revealed to them by us.
USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
3.1. WHAT DOES COMPANY DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?
(a) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We do not disclose the personally identifiable information to any third parties other than those that we use to facilitate the functioning of the site such as a hosting company and email program for mailings.
(b) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic. In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
(c) USE OF COOKIES. Promotions or advertisements displayed on our site may contain cookies. We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on our site.
(d) DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We may disclose any information we have for you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or the users of the Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site.
(e) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or buy portions of the Site or our company, including the information collected through this Site. If Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, user information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.
SECURITY
The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND COMPANY’S CONTROL
5.1. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
From time-to-time, the Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit those websites, it is important to understand our privacy practices and terms of use do not extend to those sites. It is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their practices.
CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES
6.1. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Policy or our practices related to this Site, please feel contact us using the “Contact” link on the menu located at the top of the site.
6.2. UPDATES AND CHANGES
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy to reflect changes in our Privacy Policy. We shall post any such changes on the Site in a conspicuous area. You may then choose whether you wish to accept said policy changes or discontinue using the Site. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective 30 days after posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
(a) If you have signed up for email communications from us, we will notify you of the privacy policy changes by email as well.
About My name is Russell Saxton and I started investing in gold and silver back in the early 90’s.
I had to work my way through the myriad of marketing messages and opinions on how best to invest in precious metals.
Needless to say I made plenty of mistakes, some of them expensive.
Subscribe for Updates
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Follow Me on Social Media
Search
Search for:
Site Sponsors
Industry NewsThe Price Of A Good IdeaWhat is the price of a good idea? Think back on some of the most useful lessons learned over the course of your life. Maybe it was an insight into how to invest smarter. Or how to leverage a key ability of yours better at work. Or a technique for improving your relationships with the […]Bitcoin Made SimpleWhether you understand it or not, Bitcoin and other 'distributed ledger' technologies are spreading at an accelerating rate across the world. Odds are very high they will disrupt and transform nearly every business model in today's economy, much in the same way the advent of the Internet did. But most people are still unfamiliar with […]Daily Digest 10/9 – Good News Friday: Nobel Prizes For Genome and Black Hole Research, Ideas For Post-Covid Cities, VisualizedIt’s Getting Better and Worse at the Same Time The Dangerous Approach of Living Without Purpose In a pandemic-driven world, trust in science is rising 2 Scientists Awarded Nobel Prize In Chemistry For Genome Editing Research Physics Nobel Awarded for Black Hole Breakthroughs A Choir Finds a Way to Sing. Just Ignore the Steering Wheel. […]Daily Digest 10/8 – How Uber and Lyft Are Buying Labor Laws, The “3rd Worlding” of AmericaPence, Harris spar over COVID-19 in vice presidential debate How Uber and Lyft Are Buying Labor Laws Inside the Estonian CBDC Experiment That Could Shape the Digital Euro Christopher Roach: The 3rd Worlding of America We Spent A Year Investigating Police Dogs. Here Are Six Takeaways. Palantir Stock: Peter Thiel’s Shiny Object Needs Money Billionaire […]Daily Digest 10/7 – Trump Stimulus Strategy Unclear, D.C. Reports Highest Coronavirus Caseload In MonthsStocks fall after Trump tweets he'll delay stimulus talks; move follows Fed's Powell urging Congress to approve a robust plan Trump’s erratic tweets on economic relief — over several hours — leave strategy unclear Washington’s worst-kept secret D.C. Reports Highest Coronavirus Caseload In Four Months The F.D.A. releases stricter guidelines for vaccine developers after a […]Daily Digest 10/6 – Nine Days In Wuhan, CA Fire Season Shatters Record With 4 Million Acres BurnedGoldman's chief economist breaks down why a Biden-led blue wave would prompt an upgrade in growth forecasts Some gold with your gas and groceries? Costco enters the gold bullion market Mothers’ Careers Are at Extraordinary Risk Right Now SEC Raises Bar For Shareholder Resolutions Gadfly Importance Key to Democratic CorpGov John McAfee, Software Pioneer Who […]Off The Cuff: Re-Localization Is The FutureIn this week’s Off The Cuff podcast, Chris and James Howard Kunstler discuss: The sorry state of the US political system From Covid to Epstein: can our "leaders" bungle even worse? Why Re-localization is the answer, whether we want it or not Why we're never returning to "normal" as we knew it Jim Kunstler returns […]Daily Digest 10/5 – ‘No Place to Hide Anymore’ When the Stock Market Plunges, Adaptation Radicale and CollapsologyThere’s No Place to Hide Anymore When the Stock Market Plunges The Daily 202: A dozen questions to gauge the political ramifications of Trump’s coronavirus diagnosis Voters, voting rights groups sue Gov. Greg Abbott over order to close ballot drop-off locations The Truth About Today’s Anarchists Economic Prism: "In America Money Does Grow on Trees" […]Daily Digest 10/3 – Futures And Global Markets Rattled After Trump Positive Test, Covid-19’s Stunningly Unequal Death TollTrump Tests Positive for Covid-19, and the World Shudders US futures and global markets rattled after Trump tests positive for coronavirus Britain is risking a car-crash Brexit of food shortages, another recession and isolation The covid-19 recession is the most unequal in modern U.S. history "No, Not Trump, Not Ever": Second Debate Moderator Worked For […]The Approaching Frenzy Of Tipping PointsExecutive Summary The approaching frenzy of tipping points Why collapse is already in progress Choosing emergence-y over emergency My personal plan If you have not yet read Part 1: Welcome To Easter Island, available free to all readers, please click here to read it first. A tipping point is a critical moment in time when […]
Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: Amadeus by Themeisle.