http://www.zcl.com/en/privacy-policy
Fuel Tanks
Fuel Storage Solutions
Underground Fuel Storage Tanks
Multicompartment Underground Fuel Tanks
Diesel Exhaust Fluid Tanks
Oil-Water Separators
Tank Upgrade System
Fuel Tank Accessories
Containment Sumps
Anchoring Systems
TRUCHEK® Hydrostatic Monitoring System
Water/Wastewater Tanks
Water & Wasterwater Storage Solutions
Grease Interceptors
Oil Interceptors
Oil-Water Separators
Water Conservation Tanks
Fire Protection Tanks
Onsite Wastewater Tanks
Municipal Wastewater
Stormwater Management Systems
Potable Water Storage Tanks
Industrial Wastewater Tanks
Water Tank Accessories
Oil & Gas Tanks
Oil & Gas Storage Solutions
Midstream
Pump Station Sump/Drain Tanks
Compressor Station Sump/Drain Tanks
Launching Pigging Station Sump/Drain Tanks
Receiving Pigging Station Sump/Drain Tanks
Storage Station Tanks
Loading Station Tanks
Pipeline Oil-Water Separators
Upstream
Flare Knockout Tanks
Drainage Tanks
Case Studies
About Us
Engineering Support
Tank Inventory
Investor Relations
Careers
Resource Library
Careers
Investors
Tank Inventory
Your Location
Texas, United States
Change
Language
EnFr
Find a rep
Contact
Home > Privacy Policy
icon-animated-map Locating
Select your location
Country
Select...
Canada
United States
Asia-Pacific
Europe, Middle East, Africa
Latin-America & Caribbean
Province
Select...
Alberta
British Columbia
Manitoba
New Brunswick
Newfoundland and Labrador
Northwest Territories
Nova Scotia
Nunavut
Ontario
Prince Edward Island
Quebec
Saskatchewan
Yukon
State
Select...
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Save my location
Detect my current location
Privacy Policy
Your privacy and trust are important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how ZCL Composites Inc. and Xerxes Corporation and their affiliated companies (collectively, “we” or “us” or “our”) collect, handle, store and protect personal information about you in the context of our services, users of our online services, and others to whom we expressly provide that this Privacy Policy will apply (collectively, “you” or “your”).
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using our websites (“Sites”) in any way, such as browsing or interacting with them, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use. Your acknowledgement includes your consent and agreement to the manner of collection and use of information, including the use of personal information (described below). If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use, you may not use the Site.
This policy applies to individuals who contact us, visit our Sites, interact with us through e-mail or through our Sites, or provide us information at trade shows, conferences, or through Webinars or similar online interactions. It does not apply to information which we may collect through any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party, or to any information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Sites.
THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information is any information about an identifiable individual which is further outlined below (“Personal Information”).
We collect and maintain different types of Personal Information in respect of the individuals with whom we interact. This includes:
contact and identification information, such as your company name, your name, title, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, and information concerning others whom you copy onyour communications with us;
product and service related information concerning the products and services that we provide to, or receive from, you or programs that we offer;
for parties with whom we do business, credit and financial information such as your payment methods and preferences, and billing and credit history, where applicable; and
business relationship information, including information related to your agreements, preferences, advisors and decision-makers, feed-back and information requested by or provided to you.
In addition, we may collect personally identifying information that you voluntarily provide to us via our Sites, such as your name, street address, email address, phone number, employer information, and other Personal Information, including by using the “Contact Us” portion of the Sites, applying for a position or for services through the Sites or by corresponding with one of our representatives via email. If you email us a question or request, we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question.
We may also collect market-related information, which may include Personal Information, concerning market trends and activities impacting our business. This information may include contract terms, financial information and other information for the purpose of market analysis, resource planning, financial advisory services and strategic planning. We may also collect information related to our media, investor and public relations activities and information related to our interactions with financial, resource planning, regulatory and other analysts and advisors.
As a general rule, we collect Personal Information directly from you. In most circumstances where the Personal Information that we collect about you is held by a third party, we will obtain your permission before we seek out this information from such sources (such permission may be given directly by you, or implied from your actions) or rely on the permission you have given to the third party.
From time to time, we may utilize the services of third parties in our business and may also receive Personal Information (see definition above) collected by those third parties in the course of the performance of their services for us or otherwise. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such third parties have represented to us that they have the right to disclose your Personal Information to us.
Where permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements, we may collect information about you without your knowledge or consent.
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect Personal Information from you to enable us to manage, maintain, and develop our business and operations, including:
to establish, maintain and manage our relationship with you so that we may provide you with, or receive from you, the programs, products and services that have been requested;
to be able to review the products and services that we provide to you so that we may understand your requirements for our programs, products and services and so that we may work to improve our products and services;
to be able to review the products and services that we obtain from you so that we may work with you and so that you may understand our requirements for such products and services;
to administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us;
to protect us against error, breach of contract, negligence, fraud, theft, illegal activity and damage to our goods and property;
to alert you to updated information and other new products and services from us, or thirdparties, or to forward promotional materials to you, where you have consented to receive such information;
to complete a transaction or service requested by you;
to respond to inquiries or requests submitted by you;
to ensure the Sites are relevant to your needs;
to help us create and publish content most relevant to you;
to enable us to comply with applicable law or regulatory requirements; and
any other reasonable purpose to which you consent.
Your Personal Information may be used and disclosed:
as permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements;
to comply with valid legal processes such as search warrants, subpoenas or court orders;
as part of our regular reporting activities;
to protect our rights and property;
where the Personal Information is publicly available;
during emergency situations or where necessary to protect the safety of a person or group of persons; or
for any additional purposes for which we have obtained your consent.
We may use or disclose your Personal Information without your knowledge or consent where we are permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements to do so.
We may share your Personal Information with our employees, contractors, consultants, affiliates and other parties who require such information to assist us with managing our relationship with you, including third parties that provide services to us or on our behalf. For example, we may share your Personal Information from time to time with our third party information technology and data processing service providers so that we may operate our business. Certain of our subsidiaries, affiliates, services providers and other parties with whom we share information under this Privacy Policy may perform activities outside of Canada or the United States. As a result, your Personal Information may be collected, used, processed, stored or disclosed in Canada, the United States, the Netherlands or other jurisdictions. In such cases, your information may be subject to the laws of those countries. For example, information may be shared in response to valid demands or requests from government authorities, courts and law enforcement officials in those countries.
We do not sell, transfer or disclose your Personal Information to any third parties other than for the limited purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you.
DISCLOSURE OR TRANSFER ON SALE
We may disclose or transfer your Personal Information to third parties in connection with a corporate re-organization, merger or amalgamation, or the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, provided that the Personal Information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring this information.
WEBSITE USE INFORMATION
When you visit our Site, we may automatically collect website use information, such as information about your Internet service provider, your operating system, browser type, domain name, Internet protocol (IP) address, your access times, the website that referred you to us, the Web pages you request, and the date and time of those requests. We use this information only to monitor our Site’s performance and improve our Site’s content and structure. You will remain anonymous to us unless you provide us with your identity.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons for a variety of purposes to improve your visits to our Site. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the hard drive on your computer for record-keeping purposes. These cookies will allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of the website more convenient. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our websites on an anonymous aggregate basis. We also use cookies so that we remember you when you return to our Site.
We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-Personal Information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered Personal Information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as Personal Information. Similarly, to the extent that non-Personal Information is combined with Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
Web beacons allow us to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third-party. Web beacons allow us to count users who have visited certain pages and to generate statistics about how our site is used.
CALIFORNIA’S DO NOT TRACK NOTICE
We do not track our web visitors across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and, therefore, our Websites do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. We do not support Do Not Track browser settings and do not currently participate in any Do Not Track frameworks that would allow any of our Sites to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your Personal Information.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the methods described below.
CONSENT AND OPT-OUT
It is important to us that we collect, use or disclose your Personal Information where we have your consent to do so. Depending on the sensitivity of the Personal Information, your consent may be implied, deemed (using an opt-out mechanism) or express. Express consent can be given orally, electronically or in writing. Implied consent is consent that can reasonably be inferred from your action or inaction. For example, when you enter into an agreement with us, we will assume your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information for purposes related to the performance of that agreement and for any other purposes identified to you at the relevant time.
Typically, we will seek your consent at the time that we collect your Personal Information. In certain circumstances, your consent may be obtained after collection but prior to our use or disclosure of your Personal Information. If we plan to use or disclose your Personal Information for a purpose not previously identified (either in this Privacy Policy or separately), we will endeavor to advise you of that purpose before such use or disclosure.
As described above, we may collect, use or disclose your Personal Information without your knowledge or consent where we are permitted or required to do so by applicable law or regulatory requirements.
Unless you advise us otherwise, you have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as explained in this Privacy Policy. You may change or withdraw your consent to the collection of Personal Information at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting our Privacy Officer using the contact information set out below. All communications with respect to such withdrawal or variation of consent should be in writing and addressed to our Privacy Officer. In some circumstances, a change in or withdrawal of consent may severely limit our ability to provide products or services to, or acquire products or services from, you.
From time to time, we communicate via email or text with users who request information or subscribe to our email mailing lists. For example, we may use your email address to confirm a request you have made, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. If you do not wish to receive email communications from us, you may change or withdraw your consent at any time. For emails, the opt-out choice may be exercised by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box if such checkbox is available at the points where personally identifiable information is collected or by contacting us. You also may opt-out of receiving emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link within the text of the email. For text messages, should you choose to “unsubscribe” or stop receiving such messages, you can contact us directly at privacy@ZCL.com or reply with the message “STOP” to a message after it is received. Further, you hereby confirm consent to receiving a confirmatory message in response to your STOP request. Message and data rates may apply.
PRIVACY POLICY REGARDING CHILDREN
We do not intend our Sites to collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s on-line activities.
BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITES, YOU DECLARE YOU ARE OF LEGAL AGE TO AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR, IF YOU ARE NOT OF LEGAL AGE, THAT YOU HAVE OBTAINED PARENTAL/LEGAL GUARDIAN CONSENT TO DO SO.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our Sites may offer links to other websites that may be subject to less stringent privacy standards. If you visit one of these linked websites, you are then subject to the privacy policies and other policies of such website and are no longer protected by our policies. We are not responsible for, or able to monitor or control, the policies and practices of other companies, including with respect to their collection, use or disclosure or your Personal Information. You should review the privacy policies of these websites before providing them with Personal Information.
SECURITY
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to us is done at your own risk.
Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to maintain physical, technical and procedural safeguards that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the Personal Information in question. We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.
In addition, although we obligate third parties who support our Sites and their related offers or other programs to use any Personal Information only for the purpose of performing their work, we do not control such third parties’ website or other security measures.
If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using these Sites or providing personally identifiable information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of these Sites. We may post a notice on our Sites if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
UPDATING OR ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you wish to obtain access to the Personal Information that we maintain about you, or to correct, amend, update or delete such information, please contact our Privacy Officer in writing using the contact information provided below. Before responding to your request, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide further details about your request. We will endeavor to respond within an appropriate timeframe and, in any event, within any timeframe required by law. We may charge you a fee to access your Personal Information; however, we will advise you of any fee in advance. If you require assistance in preparing your request, please contact our Privacy Officer.
Your right to access the Personal Information that we hold about you is not absolute. There are instances where applicable law or regulatory requirements allow or require us to refuse to provide some or all of the Personal Information that we hold about you. In addition, the Personal Information may have been destroyed, erased or made anonymous in accordance with our record retention obligations and practices. In the event that we cannot provide you with access to your Personal Information, we will endeavor to inform you of the reasons why, subject to any legal or regulatory restrictions. In some circumstances we may not agree with your request to change your Personal Information and will instead append an alternative text to the record in question.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy as well as the Terms and Conditions of Use. Any revisions made will be posted within the Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions of Use, as applicable, on the Sites and will take effect immediately after they are posted unless otherwise noted. Collection and use of information from that point forward will be subject to the revised terms. If you do not agree with any revision to this Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions of Use, you must stop using and accessing the Sites. Your continued access or use of the Sites after any such revisions are posted will constitute your acceptance of these changes. You should review the Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time for any changes. This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 16, 2018.
GOVERNING LAW / VENUE / FORUM
Unless otherwise noted in this Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of Minnesota and by the federal laws of the United States, excluding their conflicts of laws provisions. Without prejudice to the procedure for making inquiries or complaints under the Privacy Shield Framework, as outlined below, all disputes, controversies and disagreements between the parties arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy shall be exclusively submitted for, resolved and finally settled by, binding arbitration. The arbitration shall be conducted by three (3) arbitrators exclusively in Hennepin County, Minnesota, in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. The Parties waive any objection that might be made on the ground that such venue may be in an inconvenient forum.
EU – U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD AND SWISS-US PRIVACY SHIELD
We comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of Personal Information transferred from the European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, respectfully, to the United States. In doing so, we have certified that, in respect of all personal data we receive from the EU and Switzerland, we will adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of: Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfers, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To access the Privacy Shield List, and to find details of our certification, please visit www.privacyshield.gov.
Where we transfer personal data from the EU or Switzerland to our third party agents and service providers, we will require such third parties to process the information only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and to provide the same level of protection for the information as required by the Privacy Shield Principles. We remain responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if thirdparty agents that we engage to process the personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
We commit to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Thomas L. Tietjen at Tom.Tietjen@xerxes.com or by writing to the following mailing address:
Thomas L. Tietjen
Xerxes Corporation
7901 Xerxes Avenue South, Suite 201
Bloomington, MN 55431-1288
We will respond within 45 days.
We have further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamesadr.com/adr/ for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. Further, your complaint can be made or referred to the US Department of Commerce or the Federal Trade Commission for further investigation.
If you do not resolve your complaint via one of the above routes, a binding arbitration option will also be made available to you to address such residual complaints under certain conditions. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme, please see http://privacyshield.gov/article?id=My-Rights-under-Privacy-Shield.
Our commitments under the Privacy Shield are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. We also commit to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
CONTACT INFORMATION
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee compliance with this Privacy Policy. To ask questions or provided any comments about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please contact our Privacy Officer by telephone or by email at:
Thomas L. Tietjen
Email: Tom.Tietjen@xerxes.com
Phone: 952-887-1831
You may also call us at Toll-Free 1-800-661-8265 (Mon-Fri, 8 am – 5 pm MST) or email us at privacy@ZCL.com. We will endeavor to answer your questions and advise you of any steps taken to address the issues raised by you.
Xerxes Corporation adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.
English
French