http://www.cipd.co.uk/terms-conditions
Skip to main content
Home
Terms and conditions
On this page
On this page
1. Contact details
2. Registration
3. Use of the jobs service and display advertising by members and non-members
4. Data protection and privacy
5. Intellectual Property
6. Incoming links to the Website
7. CIPD professional communities use
8. Disclaimer
9. Indemnity
10. General
11. The CIPD Profession Map
12. CIPD Community: contributor terms and conditions
These Website Terms and Conditions govern your access to and use of the website including the CIPD Professional Communities (the 'Website'). By accessing, using or contributing to the Website you agree that you have read and accept these Website Terms and Conditions and that they shall apply to your use. If you do not wish to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions, please leave the Website and or cease to contribute to the CIPD Professional Communities.View our Membership Terms and Conditions.
1. Contact details
1.1
This Website is operated by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD). The CIPD is a registered charity and a company incorporated by Royal Charter. Its registered office is at 151 The Broadway, London SW19 1JQ, registered charity number 1079797 and VAT number GB 756 202 737.1.2
Through the Website you may gain access to the commercial products and services of CIPD Enterprises Limited (CIPDE), CIPD’s 'Subsidiary') which is wholly owned by the CIPD, and of Haymarket Media Group ('Haymarket'), the CIPD’s publishers, who produce and distribute People Management Magazine (the 'Magazine'), the HR News Application by People Management Magazine for Smartphones and the People Management Magazine App for Tablets for and on behalf of the CIPD. You may also gain access to the subscription services of Alliance Media, who administer magazine subscriptions on behalf of Haymarket and of Abintegro Limited, which owns and maintains the Career Centre portal. In addition to these Website Terms and Conditions the provision of such products and services will be governed by such additional terms and conditions as you may be made aware of at the time of ordering.1.3
If you have any queries relating to your registration with and use of the Website, please email web support
2. Registration
2.1
In order to register with the Website you are required to submit your first and last names, email address, user name and password. You must also indicate whether you are a guest, CIPD member, a member through an organisational subscription or a People Management subscriber. If you have any queries about your details on the CIPD database, please email database@cipd.co.uk.2.2
You are able to provide additional information including your postal addresses, another email address and sign up and or manage your newsletters subscriptions via the ‘My Profile' area of the Website. You are not obliged to submit this additional information in order to register with or to use the Website, but if you choose to do so, then, subject to paragraph 4 below, the CIPD may use this information in order to provide you with a more personalised service.2.3
We may suspend and/or terminate (either in whole or in part) your use of any user name, password or this Website immediately for any reason.
3. Use of the jobs service and display advertising by members and non-members
PM jobs is a service for recruiters and job applicants to facilitate the transfer of information for recruitment purposes. Please view People Management Jobs: User Information and/or People Management Terms of Business for Recruiters for more information.
4. Data protection and privacy
For your security and peace of mind, the CIPD and its Subsidiaries will not supply your details to any organisation for marketing purposes. Please view our Privacy policy for further information.
5. Intellectual Property
5.1
All intellectual property rights (IPRs) in the design and layout of the Website and, save as described in 5.3 below, in the material and information published on the pages of the Website, including, but not limited to, copyright and rights in registered and unregistered trademarks, are owned by or licensed to the CIPD.5.2
Save as may be incidental to you obtaining authorised access to the content on the Website, you must not reproduce, download, transmit or retransmit, manipulate or store on paper, electronic (including, but not limited to any database or any part of the Internet), CD Rom or other offline product on any other format in whole or in part the design and layout of the Website or the information or material published on the pages of it, nor hypertext or otherwise link to it, without the prior written consent of the CIPD, such permission to be given or withheld at the CIPD's absolute discretion.5.3
IPRs in any contribution shared by you on the CIPD Professional Communities shall remain with you and by making a contribution (in whatever form, including but not limited to text, graphic, photo, other image type or audio) you agree to grant to the CIPD, free of charge, perpetual and irrevocable worldwide licence to use the contribution in whatever manner it may wish.5.4
In making a contribution to the CIPD Professional Communities, you confirm that your contribution is your own original work, is not defamatory, does not infringe any laws or the rights of others in any jurisdiction, and that you have the right to grant the CIPD a licence to use the materials as specified above.5.5
If you do not wish to grant the CIPD a licence to use your contribution as envisaged by these Website Terms and Conditions, please do not submit or share your contribution on the Website.
6. Incoming links to the Website
If you want to mention the CIPD on your website and link to our site, you are permitted to use the text link 'CIPD - Championing better work and working lives' and link to our homepage cipd.co.uk
7. CIPD professional communities use
The CIPD Professional Communities is a CIPD Member-only resource. The purpose of the CIPD Professional Communities is to allow Members to exchange ideas, views, advice and resources with other Members in a secure and supportive environment. Please view the CIPD Professional Communities Guidelines for further information.
8. Disclaimer
8.1
The material and information contained on the Website is for general information only and does not constitute any form of offer for sale (except for products available to purchase on our online sales website, advice or recommendation by the CIPD. You should not rely on the material or information on the Website as a basis for making any business, legal or other decisions. You should seek appropriate independent advice before making any such decisions.8.2
The CIPD does not warrant or represent and excludes all warranties or representations that the material and information, including advertising material, on the Website is accurate, true or complete or that it is free of viruses or that it does not contain any material which is defamatory, obscene or illegal in any way.8.3
In no circumstances will the CIPD be liable to you or any other third parties for any loss or damage (whether direct or indirect, including loss of profits, loss of opportunity or any consequential loss) resulting from or in any way connected with your use of the Website or its content, whether caused by negligence, misrepresentation, breach of any statutory duty, or breach of contract or otherwise. The CIPD does not limit or exclude its liability for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence.8.4
The content contained within the CIPD Professional Communities is provided by individual contributors. You are advised to treat any information contained within the CIPD Professional Communities with an appropriate level of caution. Contributors’ views are their personal views alone and neither the CIPD nor its Subsidiaries are responsible for any content, unless specifically stated otherwise.8.5
You may access other websites via hypertext links from the Website. You use such links and other websites entirely at your own risk. Such websites are provided by independent third parties and neither the CIPD nor its Subsidiaries accept any responsibility for the availability, content or use of such websites or information contained on them. Any links to third party websites do not amount to any endorsement of that site by the CIPD or its Subsidiaries.8.6
The CIPD endeavours to ensure that the information it provides through the Website is accurate and accepts no liability for any errors and omissions, misuse of copyright or personal information in breach of the above rules.
9. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and to keep the CIPD indemnified from and against any costs, claims, demands, expenses and liabilities suffered or incurred by the CIPD arising from or which are directly or indirectly related to your access to and/or use of the Website and/or any other person or entity's use of the Website, including but not limited to where such person or entity was able to access the Website using your password.
10. General
10.1
The CIPD reserves the right to assign or transfer all or any of its rights and obligations under these Website Terms and Conditions to any of its group companies or to any other third party. In the event of assignment or transfer to any other third party, notification will either be given to you by email or posted on the Website.10.2
Failure by the CIPD to exercise or enforce any right conferred upon it shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any such right nor operate so as to bar the exercise or enforcement of that or any other right on any later occasion.10.3
The CIPD reserves the right to vary these Website Terms and Conditions from time to time. Such changes will either be notified to you by email or posted on the Website. Changes in this manner shall be deemed to have been accepted if you continue to use the Website after a period of 2 (two) weeks from the date of transmission of the email or of posting on the Website, whichever occurs later.10.4
These Website Terms and Conditions are governed by and will be interpreted in accordance with English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any claim or dispute which may arise out of or in connection with these Website Terms and Conditions.
11. The CIPD Profession Map
HR professionals and organisations are using the Profession Map standards to define great HR, assess areas of success and improvement, build capability in relevant areas and recognise achievement through professional qualifications and membership.Please view our New Profession Map terms and conditions for further information.
12. CIPD Community: contributor terms and conditions
12.1
By contributing to the CIPD Community area, you grant us a worldwide, irrevocable, exclusive, royalty-free licence to use your contribution in any way and in any current or future media format (including modifying and adapting it for operational or editorial reasons). You also grant us the right to sub-license these rights and to bring an action for any infringement.12.2
CIPD reserves the right to decline to publish any CIPD Community contribution at its absolute discretion. You indemnify CIPD and its subsidiaries from any claims or actions arising from any of your Community contributions including, but not limited to, where content is considered illegal, unlawful or to infringe any third party’s legal or other rights.12.3
By affirming your acceptance or providing any contribution for use on the CIPD Community, you agree to the above terms and conditions.CIPD Website Terms and Conditions
Last update: January 2015
Top
Join the conversation