http://www.firstam.com/privacy-policy/#type-of-information
Skip to main content
Skip to footer navigation
Privacy Notice
Effective: January 1, 2020
Notice Last Updated: December 16, 2019
This Privacy Notice describes how First American Financial Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates (together referred to as "First American," "we," "us," or "our") collect, use, store, and share your information.
This Privacy Notice applies to information we receive from or about you: (1) when you access or use our mobile applications ("Applications"), websites ("Websites"), or products and/or services ("Products"); (2) when you communicate with us in any manner, including by email, telephone, and in person; and (3) from third party sources.
Acknowledgement
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. The practices described in this Privacy Notice are subject to applicable laws in the places in which we operate.
BY ACCESSING AND USING OUR APPLICATIONS, WEBSITES, AND/OR PRODUCTS, OR BY COMMUNICATING WITH US IN ANY MANNER, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
First American Fair Information Values
We collect, use, and share your personal information consistent with First American's Fair Information Values:
Fairness. We consider your expectations of privacy in all of our business operations, and strive to offer our Applications, Websites, and Products in a way that ensures a favorable balance between the benefits we offer and your privacy.
Public Record. We believe that an open public record creates significant value for society, enhances your choice, and creates opportunity. We actively support an open public record and emphasize its importance and contribution to our economy.
Use. We believe we should behave responsibly when we use your personal information.We will obey the applicable laws governing the collection, use, storage, and sharing of your personal information.
Accuracy. We will take reasonable steps to help assure the accuracy of the personal information we collect, use, store, and share from and about you. Where possible, we will take reasonable steps to correct inaccurate information. When, as with the public record, we cannot correct the inaccurate information, we will take all reasonable steps to assist you in identifying the source of the erroneous information so that you can secure the required corrections.
Education. We endeavor to educate the users of our Applications, Websites, and Products, our employees and others in our industry about the importance of your privacy. We will instruct our employees on our Fair Information Values and on the responsible collection, use, storage, and sharing of your personal information. We will encourage others in our industry to collect, use, store, and share your personal information in a responsible manner.
Security. We will maintain commercially reasonable technical, organizational, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information.
What Type of Information Do We Collect About You?
Depending upon the Applications, Websites, or Products you access or use, the nature of your communications with us, and the applicable laws, we may collect both personal and non-personal information about and from you.
Personal information is non-public information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify or contact you. Examples of categories of personal information include, but may not be limited to:
Name, alias, or social media handle
Date of birth
Unique online identifier
Online username and password
Postal and/or e-mail address
Account name and/or account number
Social security number
Driver's license number
Passport number
State identification number
Bank, credit, or debit card number
Financial information
Insurance policy number
Biometric information
License plate information
Non-personal information is any other type of information. Examples of non-personal information include, but may not be limited to:
Publicly available information
Aggregate or de-identified information
Browser type and version
Browser settings
Browser plug-in types and versions
Operating systems and platform
Device type and operating information
Mobile carrier
Page response time and download errors
Time zone
Zip code
How Do We Collect Your Information?
We collect your personal and non-personal information in three ways:
Directly from you when you access or use our Applications, Websites, or Products, or when you communicate with us in any manner, including but not limited to:
Information you provide by filling forms on our Applications and/or Websites, including information provided at the time of registering for any Product or event, posting material or requesting further services or information;
Information you provide when you access or use our Products;
Information you provide when you enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored or offered by us;
Information you provide when you report a problem with our Applications or Websites;
Records and copies of your correspondence (e.g., email address) if you contact us;
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete;
Details of transactions you carry out through our Applications, Websites, and the fulfillment of your orders; and
Your search queries on the Websites.
Automatically when you access or use our Applications, Websites, or Products, or when you communicate with us, including but not limited to:
Details of your visits to the Websites, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data;
Information about your computer and mobile device, and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type; and
Interactivity with an e-mail, including opening, navigating, and click-through information.
From third parties, including business partners and affiliates, including but not limited to:
Statistical data relating to your Application or Website activity;
Social media profile information and activity, including your screen names, profile picture, contact information, contact list, and the profile pictures of your contacts, through the social media platform;
Transactional histories with third parties; and
Information from public sources, including local, state, and federal government agencies and departments.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use your personal information in variety of ways, including but not limited to:
Provide the Applications and Websites to you;
Provide the Products you have requested;
Fulfill a transaction you requested or service your policy;
Handle a claim;
Create and manage your account;
Operate the Applications and Websites, including access management, payment processing, Application and/or Website administration, internal operations, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and for statistical purposes;
Respond to your requests, feedback, or inquiries;
Comply with laws, regulations, and other legal requirements;
Comply with relevant industry standards and our policies;
Protect and enforce your rights and the rights of other users against unlawful activity, including identity theft and fraud;
Protect and enforce our collective rights arising under any agreements entered into between First American and you or any other third party;
Protect the integrity and maintain security of our Applications, Websites, and Products;
Operate, evaluate, and improve our business; and
Provide you with information and advertisements about products, services, and promotions, from us or third parties, that may interest you.
We may use your non-personal information for any purpose, including but not limited to:
Deliver content tailored to your interests and the manner in which you use the Applications and/or Websites;
Present content in a manner that is optimized for your device; and
Measure and analyze the effectiveness of the Applications, Websites, and Products we provide to you.
How Do We Share Your Personal Information?
We do not sell your personal information to nonaffiliated third parties. We will only share your personal information, including to subsidiaries, affiliates, and to unaffiliated third parties in the following situations:
With your consent. We may disclose your personal information to an unaffiliated third-party with your consent. We may obtain your consent in writing; online, through "click-through" agreements; when you accept the terms of use on our Applications or Websites; orally, either in person or on the phone; or by other means.
In a business transfer. We may disclose your personal information as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger or acquisition, joint venture, corporate reorganization, financing, or sale of company assets, or in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which such information could be transferred to third-parties as a business asset in the transaction.
To service providers. We may disclose your personal information to third-party vendors and partners who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf (e.g., credit / debit card processing, billing, shipping, repair, customer service, auditing, marketing).
To subsidiaries and affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to subsidiaries and affiliates to further facilitate your use of our Applications, Websites, and Products, and to ensure the smooth and consistent operations of First American.
For legal process and protection. We may disclose your personal information to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process, governmental request, or where we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to:
Enforce or apply agreements, or initiate, render, bill, and collect for Products;
Protect our rights or interests, property or safety or that of others;
In connection with claims, disputes, or litigation - in court or elsewhere;
Protect users of our Applications, Websites, and Products and other carriers or providers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of, or subscription to, such services;
Facilitate or verify the appropriate calculation of taxes, fees, or other obligations due to a local, state, or federal government; or
In case of an emergency.
If you have any questions about how First American shares your personal information, you may contact us at dataprivacy@firstam.com or toll free at 1-866-718-0097.
Your California RightsOnly applies to CA residents
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights under California law, including but not limited to the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). All phrases used herein shall have the same meaning as those phrases used under relevant California law, including but not limited to the CCPA.
Right to Know. You have a right to know:
The categories of personal information we have collected about or from you;
The categories of sources from which we collected your personal information;
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or sharing your personal information;
The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal information; and
The specific pieces of your personal information we have collected.
Process To Submit A Request. To submit a verified request for this information you may click here or call toll-free at 1-866-718-0097. You may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf by clicking here or calling toll-free at 1-866-718-0097 and then also submitting written proof of such authorization via e-mail to dataprivacy@firstam.com.
Verification Method. In order to ensure your personal information is not disclosed to unauthorized parties, and to protect against fraud, we will verify your identity before responding to your request. To verify your identity, we will generally match the identifying information provided in your request with the information we have on file about you. Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information requested, we may also utilize more stringent verification methods to verify your identity, including but not limited to requesting additional information from you and/or requiring you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury.
Right of Deletion. You have a right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from or about you.
Process To Submit A Request. To submit a verified request to delete you may click here or call toll-free at 1-866-718-0097. You may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf by clicking here or calling toll-free at 1-866-718-0097 and then also submitting written proof of such authorization via e-mail to dataprivacy@firstam.com.
Verification Method. In order to ensure we do not inadvertently delete your personal information based on a fraudulent request, we will verify your identity before we respond to your request. To verify your identity, we will generally match the identifying information provided in your request with the information we have on file about you. Depending on the sensitivity of the personal information requested to be deleted, we may also utilize more stringent verification methods to verify your identity, including but not limited to requesting additional information from you and/or requiring you to sign a declaration under penalty of perjury.
Right to Opt-Out. We do not sell your personal information to third parties, and do not plan to do so in the future.
Right of Non-Discrimination. You have a right to exercise your rights under the CCPA without suffering discrimination. Accordingly, First American will not discriminate against you in any way if you choose to exercise your rights under the CCPA.
California Minors. If you are a California resident under the age of 18, California Business and Professions Code § 22581 permits you to request and obtain removal of content or information you have publicly posted on any of our Applications or Websites. To make such a request, please send an email with a detailed description of the specific content or information to dataprivacy@firstam.com. Please be aware that such a request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have posted and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow removal even if requested.
Collection Notice. The following is a list of the categories of personal information we may have collected about California residents in the twelve months preceding the date this Privacy Notice was last updated, including the business or commercial purpose for said collection, the categories of sources from which we may have collected the personal information, and the categories of third parties with whom we may have shared the personal information:
Categories of Personal Information Collected
The categories of personal information we have collected include, but may not be limited to:
real name
signature
alias
SSN
physical characteristics or description, including protected characteristics under federal or state law
address
telephone number
passport number
driver's license number
state identification card number
IP address
policy number
file number
employment history
bank account number
credit card number
debit card number
financial account numbers
commercial information
internet or other electronic network activity
geolocation data
audio and visual information
professional or employment information
inferences drawn from the above categories to create a profile about a consumer
Categories of Sources
Categories of sources from which we've collected personal information include, but may not be limited to:
the consumer directly
public records
governmental entities
non-affiliated third parties
social media networks
affiliated third parties
Business Purpose for Collection
The business purposes for which we've collected personal information include, but may not be limited to:
completing a transaction for our Products
verifying eligibility for employment
facilitating employment
performing services on behalf of affiliated and non-affiliated third parties
debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality on our Websites, Applications, or Products
protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity
Categories of Third Parties Shared
The categories of third parties with whom we've shared personal information include, but may not be limited to:
advertising networks
internet service providers
data analytics providers
service providers
government entities
operating systems and platforms
social media networks
non-affiliated third parties
affiliated third parties
Sale Notice. We have not sold the personal information of California residents to any third party in the twelve months preceding the date this Privacy Notice was last updated, and we have no plans to sell such information in the future. We also do not, and will not sell the personal information of minors under sixteen years of age without affirmative authorization.
Disclosure Notice. The following is a list of the categories of personal information of California residents we may have disclosed for a business purpose in the twelve months preceding the date this Privacy Notice was last updated.
real name
Signature
Alias
SSN
physical characteristics or description, including protected characteristics under federal or state law
address
telephone number
passport number
driver's license number
state identification card number
IP address
policy number
file number
employment history
bank account number
credit card number
debit card number
financial account numbers
commercial information
internet or other electronic network activity
geolocation data
audio and visual information
professional or employment information
inferences drawn from the above categories to create a profile about a consumer
Links to Third Party Sites
Our Applications and Websites may contain links to third-party websites and services. Please note that these links are provided for your convenience and information, and the websites and services may operate independently from us and have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review. This Privacy Notice applies to our Applications and Websites only, and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for the policies or practices of any third parties.
Third Party Tracking / Do Not Track
Our Websites and Applications may, from time to time, collect information about your online activities, over time and across different Websites and Applications. When you use our Websites and Applications, third parties may also collect information about your online activities, over time and across different internet websites, online or cloud computing services, online applications, or mobile applications. Some browsers support a "Do Not Track" feature, which is intended to be a signal to websites that you do not wish to be tracked across different websites you visit. Our Websites do not currently change the way they operate based upon detection of a "Do Not Track" or similar signal.
Social Media Integration
Our Applications, Websites, and/or Products may, from time to time, contain links to and from social media platforms. You may choose to connect to us through a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, etc. When you do, we may collect additional information from or about you, such as your screen names, profile picture, contact information, contact list, and the profile pictures of your contacts, through the social media platform. Please be advised that social media platforms may also collect information from you. When you click on a social plug-in, such as Facebook's "Like" button, Twitter's "tweet" button or the Google+, that particular social network's plugin will be activated and your browser and will directly connect to that provider's servers. We do not have control over the collection, use and sharing practices of social media platforms. We therefore encourage you to review their usage and disclosure policies and practices, including their data security practices, before using the social media platforms.
How Do We Store and Protect Your Personal Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us. That is why we take commercially reasonable steps to make sure your personal information is protected. Although no system can guarantee the complete security of your personal information, we will use our best efforts to maintain commercially reasonable technical, organizational, and physical safeguards, consistent with applicable law, to protect your personal information.
How Long Do We Keep Your Personal Information?
We keep your personal information for as long as necessary in accordance with the purpose for which it was collected, our business needs, and our legal and regulatory obligations. We may store some personal information indefinitely, including the period after which your relationship with us has ended. If we dispose of your personal information, we will do so in a way that is secure and appropriate to nature of the information subject to disposal.
Cookie Statement
We may use cookies (browser and flash), beacons, pixel tags, scripts, and other similar technologies from time to time to support the functionality of our Applications, Websites, and Products. This technology provides a better experience when you use our Applications, Websites, and Products, and allows us to improve our services. We may also use analytic software, such as Google Analytics and others, to help better understand how our Applications and Websites function on your device(s) and for other analytical purposes.
Our service providers, advertising partners, and ad networks may also use cookies and beacons to collect and share information about your activities both on our Websites and Applications and on other websites and applications. In addition, third parties that are unaffiliated with us may also collect information about you, including tracking your browsing history, when you use our Applications and Websites. We do not have control over these third party collection practices. If you wish to minimize these third party collections, you can adjust the settings of your browsers or install plug-ins and add-ins.
Browser Cookies. A browser cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. That cookie then communicates with servers, ours or those of other companies that we authorize to collect data for us and allows recognition of your personal computer. You may use the tools available on your computer or other device(s) to set your browser to refuse or disable all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being set. However, if you refuse or disable all browser cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts or use certain features or functionality of our Applications and Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it refuses all cookies, we may use cookies when you direct your browser to our Applications and Websites.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Websites and Applications may use locally stored objects called flash cookies to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Applications and Websites. We also include cookies to provide aggregate reporting. Some of our Websites and Applications may allow Adobe to set and enable special cookies that are necessary to deliver video content for Adobe Flash Player. You cannot remove flash cookies simply by changing your browser settings. If you would like to limit the websites that can store information in flash cookies on your device, you must visit the Adobe website: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html.
Beacons. Our Websites and e-mails may contain small electronic files known as beacons (also referred to as web beacons, clear GIFs, pixel tags and single-pixel GIFs) that permit us to, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other website-related statistics. Beacons in e-mail marketing campaigns allow us to track your responses and your interests in our content, offerings and web pages. You may use the tools in your device to disable these technologies as well.
Your Choices
We provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, storage, and sharing of your personal information. In accordance with applicable law, your controls and choices may include:
Correcting or updating your personal information;
Choosing or changing your choices for subscriptions, newsletters, and alerts;
Choosing whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our Products, or Products we think may be of interest to you;
Choosing whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services;
Controlling targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners, data exchanges, and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers. Many advertising companies that collect information for interest-based advertising are members of the Digital Advertising Alliance or the Network Advertising Initiative, both of which maintain websites where people can opt out of interest-based advertising from their members. To opt-out on these pages, visit www.AboutAds.info and www.networkadvertising.org;
Choosing to control targeted advertising you receive within Applications or Websites by using the settings and choices made available to you through your device(s) (e.g., by resetting your device's advertising identifier and/or opt-out of interest based ads).
You can learn more about your choices, and exercise these controls and choices, by sending an email to dataprivacy@firstam.com or toll free at 1-866-718-0097.
Children
Our Applications, Websites, and Products are not intended for children under the age of 18. This includes any links to other websites that we provide for our convenience. We don't knowingly collect personal information from children for any reason.
International Jurisdictions
Our Applications, Websites, and Products are hosted and offered in the United States of America (US), and are subject to US federal, state, and local law. If you are accessing the Applications, Websites, or Products from another country, please be advised that you may be transferring your personal information to us in the US, and you consent to that transfer and use of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. You also agree to abide by the applicable laws of applicable US federal, state, and local laws concerning your use of the Applications, Websites, and Products, and your agreements with us. Any persons accessing our Applications, Websites, or Products from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the Internet, including the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information, different from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the Applications, Websites, or Products in a manner lawful in their jurisdiction. If your use of the Applications, Websites, or Products would be unlawful in your jurisdiction, you may not use the Applications, Websites, or Products.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. Any and all changes to this Privacy Notice will be reflected on this page, and where appropriate provided in person or by another electronic method. The effective date will be stated at the top of this Privacy Notice. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you. You should regularly check this page for any changes to this Privacy Notice.
YOUR CONTINUED USE, ACCESS, OR INTERACTION WITH THE APPLICATIONS, WEBSITES, OR PRODUCTS, OR YOUR CONTINUED COMMUNICATIONS WITH US AFTER THE UPDATED PRIVACY NOTICE HAS BEEN POSTED WILL REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
Contact Us
dataprivacy@firstam.com or toll free at 1-866-718-0097.
myFirstAm®
Access the powerful online services available only at First American.
PRIVACY NOTICE: Learn more about why we collect this information and how we use it.
Sign In
Forgot Username or
Password?
Sign Up
Sign up for a myFirstAm® account.
myFirstAm® Features
Other Platforms
FASTWeb™
Title ordering, routing and tracking.
AgentNet®
eJackets, closing protection letters, back title, bulletins and more.
DataTree.com
Access the nation's largest land record database.
Home Warranty
Coverage for a home's major systems and appliances.
PRIVACY NOTICE
This website uses cookies and similar technologies to manage your sessions, manage content, and improve your website experience. To learn more about these technologies, your options, and about other categories of personal information we collect through this website and how we may use it, please see our privacy policy. This notice is effective for your use of this website for the next 14 days.
Got It