https://www.dermaglide.com/privacy/
800.647.8700
info@dermaglide.com
STORE
MY ACCOUNT
0 Items
PRIVACY POLICY
Dermaglide.com’s Privacy Policy Because Dermaglide respects your privacy, we have created this Privacy Policy to govern how we treat the personal information you provide to us. It is important for you to understand what information we gather about you during a visit to our website and what we do with that information. Any time you visit dermaglide.com you are subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail at customerservice@dermaglide.com.
Personal Information Supplied by You We do not require that you provide information personally identifying you when you visit Dermaglide.com. If you choose to give us information, you are giving your consent for Dermaglide.com to receive it, store it, use it to enhance and customize your shopping experience, and we may disclose it in very limited circumstances as described herein. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not provide us with any personal information.
To protect your personal information concerning billing, we ask that you register at Dermaglide.com by entering a user name and password.  When you place an order, we need to know your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiration date.  If you decide to complete a user registration form or on-line survey, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information, age group, gender and product concerns.
We may use the information you provide to create and deliver newsletters, surveys or other communications to you that contain product information, promotions, skin care tips, or information concerning your order. If you prefer not to receive such communications, please see Opting-Out section below. We may also use the information you provide to generate statistics and develop marketing plans. We will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties without your consent, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
Updating Your Information or Opting-Out You may change your preferences or the personal information you have provided at any time. When you register at Dermaglide.com, you may opt-out of receiving future communications from us. You may click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each e-mail you receive from us and follow the instructions provided.
Information Automatically Collected Non-personal information and data might be automatically collected by us through the use of “cookies”, which are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat visitors, facilitate a visitor’s ongoing access to and use of the site, and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile data that will enable us to make content improvements. Cookies allow you to navigate throughout the site without having to log in over and over. They also allow us to give you information that is pertinent to you. You have the choice to opt out of the cookie at any time through your personal settings on your web browser; however, electing to do so may render certain functions within Dermaglide.com inoperable.
We may also use temporary or “session” cookies to help you shop. These cookies will expire when you leave Dermaglide.com. Some of our business partners may also use cookies on Dermaglide.com. However, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use.
Information Sharing and Disclosure In order to comply with applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, we may disclose such information we have about you as we deem necessary, in our sole discretion. We may also exchange your personal information with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction purposes. We may disclose your personal information to others if we find that your actions on our website violate our Terms and Conditions or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services.
Third Parties Dermaglide.com may hire others to perform certain business activities on our behalf. For example, we may retain data analysis firms, customer support specialists, webhosting companies, and companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings. Such third parties may be provided with access to your personal information only to the extent needed to perform their functions. They may not use such information for any other purpose.
Inapplicability of Privacy Policy to Links This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect from users of Dermaglide.com. Dermaglide.com may contain links to or from other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites and urge you to read the privacy policies of other websites to which you link from Dermaglide.com or otherwise visit.
Children This website is not intended for use by children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from any children under 13.
Business Transfers As we continue to develop our business, we might sell all or certain of our assets. In such transactions, personal user information may be one of the transferred business assets. By submitting your personal information on Dermaglide.com you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
Changes to the Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here, so we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personal information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
Medical-grade Microdermabrasion Dermaglide all natural medical-grade microdermabrasion treatments improve or eliminate superficial skin problems with virtually no side effects. Call a Dermaglide Representative today to learn more about our skin rejuvenation products!
Call Now!