https://www.multigrind.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Here at Multigrind Services Ltd we understand that you care about your personal information and how it is used. We have made every effort to ensure that we protect your personal information. This policy provides information on how we protect your security and privacy, information about ordering with us and assurances about your credit and debit cards. This privacy policy was last updated on 19th December 2016.
Multigrind Services Ltd is committed to protecting the information you provide us with. We use this information to enhance your experience of our website and to provide you with the services you request from us.
When ordering products from us we record your details to ensure that we can complete the following:
Make sure that any orders you have placed can be processed fully to completion.
Contact you if we have any problems with your order or delivery.
Contact you if we have any problems processing your payment.
Once your order is complete your details will be shared with our Sage pay system.
We may also use your email address to send you information regarding offers and promotions occasionally. Once you have placed an order with us you will automatically be placed on our mailing list. If you do not wish to receive further emails, you can opt out by emailing us with unsubscribe as the subject heading and you will no longer receive emails from Multigrind Services Ltd .
Under the Data Protection Act 1998 you have a right to access the personal data that we hold on you. If you would like to see a copy please contact us by email quoting Privacy Policy Enquiry.
Cookies.
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual and we will not collect personal information in this way. We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site. Contact Us If you have any questions relating to our privacy policy or how we use the information you provide us with, please contact us using one of the following methods: Email:   sales@multigrind.co.uk  Phone
01923 721 011
Write to us at;
Unit 10 Woodcock HillRickmansworthHertsWD3 1PQ
All under one roof
More InfoHome
About Us
Plant List
Careers
News
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
ServicesCNC Turned Parts
CNC Milling
CNC Grinding
Centreless Grinding
Surface Grinding
Quality
Supply Chain
CAD/CAM
Other Services
Get In Touch
Unit 10 Woodcock Hill
Rickmansworth
Herts
WD3 1PQ
Phone: 01923 721 011
Email: sales@multigrind.co.uk
2020 MultiGrind | Website Design by AMI | Marketing for Manufacturing