http://www.gctranslations.co.uk/privacy.html
Español |
links |
terms |
privacy notice
home
about
services
quotation
contact
availability
latest news
read more ...
additional links
Videogames
Hobbies
contact info
phone+44(0)7817853440
privacy notice
This privacy notice describes what you can expect me to do with the personal information you supply when you make contact with me or use my services. If you have any questions about it, please contact me.
What data
I may collect personal data from and about you when you contact me regarding my services, when you complete a form on this website, or when you make an enquiry.
This data may include:
Identity details (e.g., name, job title, passport number, date of birth)
Contact information (e.g., address, email, telephone number)
Any personal data contained in the documents you provide
Any special category data contained in the documents you provide (e.g. medical records, racial or ethnic origin, biometric data)
Why I use the data
I may use your data to:
Respond to your general or specific enquiries
Provide you with the services you have requested
Improve the services I provide
Maintain my own internal records
Conduct my business and accounts
Contact you occasionally to update you about my services or request feedback
How and for how long I store the data
The data I collect is stored securely in electronic or hardcopy format as appropriate, following privacy procedures to prevent data loss or unauthorised access.
Personal data will be held for 2 to 10 years according to a detailed Data Retention schedule.
Sharing data with third parties
I will not share your information with any third parties for the purposes of direct marketing or reasons unrelated to my business.
I may need to share your data if I am required by law to do so.
I may also need to share your information within the scope of my business with:
Subcontractors (to provide you with the services requested)
Business consultants (debt collection, invoicing and tax purposes)
Special category data is generally not shared in any way, with any third party. In the exceptional case I may need to share it, I will request your explicit and specific consent.
Links to other websites
My website may contain links to other websites of interest. This privacy notice does not cover how those websites process personal information. I encourage you to read the privacy notices on the other websites you visit.
Controlling your personal data
If you'd like to request details of personal data which I hold about you, as well as corrections to such details, please contact me.
Notice last updated on: 01/07/2020.
copyright © G.Carlyle | design by dcarter