http://www.peerless.com/company/privacy.asp
Peerless Systems
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Last revised: January 20, 2003
This web site is owned and operated by Peerless Systems Corporation.
Your use of this site is subject to the following terms of use.
By accessing this site in any way, including, without limitation,
use of any services operated by us or third parties through the
site, downloading any of the site?s materials or merely browsing
the site, you agree to and are bound by these terms of use.
We will from time to time revise the terms of use and other guidelines
or rules posted on this site. When we do, we will also revise the
?last revised? date at the top of these terms of use. You are bound
to any revisions when posted and should therefore periodically visit
this page to review the latest terms and conditions. If you breach
any of the terms of use, your authorization to use this site automatically
terminates and any materials downloaded or printed from the site
in violation of the terms of use must be immediately destroyed.
Ownership and Permitted Use
The software made available to download from this site is the copyrighted
and/or patented work of Peerless Systems Corporation and/or our
suppliers. Use of the software is governed by the terms of the license
agreement that accompanies or is included with such software. You
will be unable to download or install any such software unless you
agree to the terms of such license agreement.
You may access, download or print content available on this site
for your non-commercial, personal use only. Our copyright notice
must appear on all material printed from this site. Except as expressly
permitted in a license agreement accompanying any software that
is made available to download through this site, you may not, without
our prior written permission, (1) reproduce, distribute, modify
or transmit any of the text, graphics, software, data or any other
materials or content of this site, including, without limitation,
by modifying, translating, assembling or otherwise determining or
attempting to determine source code from any of the software accessed
through the site or (2) use any of the content of this site for
public or commercial purposes. Unless otherwise noted, we own all
of the trademarks and all of the copyrights to all content appearing
on this site.
Forward-Looking Statements
This site contains forward-looking statements. All forward-looking
statements, including, but not limited to, statements regarding
product development, the obtaining of patents or other proprietary
protections, customer acceptance of our products and the effect
of economic conditions, are subject to risks and uncertainties.
Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated
in the forward-looking statements. Information on potential factors
that could affect our results can be found in our public filings
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Please do not place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak
only as of the date on which they were made. We disclaim any obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements on this site.
Press Releases
All press releases and materials presented or released to the financial
community provided on this site were, to the best of our knowledge,
accurate when issued. Events and circumstances since the date of
issuance may have caused the information to no longer be accurate,
and you should not rely on the completeness or accuracy of such
information beyond the date of its issuance. We disclaim any responsibility
to update such information.
Submissions and Feedback
While we value your feedback on our products and service, we do
not accept or consider product or service ideas, inventions, improvements,
techniques, drawings or other materials other than those we have
specifically requested in writing. We do this to avoid any misunderstandings
when products or services we develop seem to be similar to creative
works you submitted. If, despite our request, you do submit creative
works to us, these creative works will be deemed to be our property.
We will be entitled to use them without restriction and without
payment of any compensation to you. We have no obligation of confidentiality
with respect to unsolicited creative works submitted to us, and
will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any unsolicited
creative works submitted.
Please also review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices regarding collection, use and disclosure
of information that you may provide through this site.
Links to Other Sites
This site may provide links or references to other Internet sites.
Any links to other sites are provided as a convenience. These links
should not be interpreted as an endorsement of any information,
products or services described in those sites. We do not own, control
or monitor those sites and are not responsible for the content of
those sites.
Additional Disclaimers
We make reasonable efforts to keep all information on this site
up-to-date and accurate but we make no representations or warranties
as to its accuracy, currency or completeness. We assume no liability
or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of
this site.
The software that is made available to download through this site
is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the license
agreement accompanying such software. Except as warranted in such
license agreement, we offer this site and its content "AS IS"
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions
may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the
above exclusions may not apply to you.
In no event shall we or any of our respective suppliers be liable
for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive
damages arising out of or in connection with your access to, use
of, or reliance on information or software obtained from or through
this site. We assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable
for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer or
other property arising from your access to, or use of, this site.
Governing Law
All matters related to your use of this site and these terms and
conditions shall be interpreted in accordance with California law.
Privacy Policy
Last revised: January 20, 2003
We are committed to protecting the privacy of users of this web
site. This Privacy Policy provides information about how we may
collect, use and disclose information that you may provide while
visiting this site. By using this web site, you are consenting to
our collection, use and disclosure of your information in accordance
with this Privacy Policy. Your use of this site is also subject
to our Terms of Use.
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we
will also revise the ?last revised? date at the top of this Privacy
Policy. Please check here from time to time to see if we have modified
our policies.
Information Collection
We collect information from visitors to our web site through a variety
of means. Some of the information that you provide to us may be
personally identifiable information, or information that can be
uniquely identified with you, such as your name, company name, address,
e-mail address and phone number.
Some of our services may require you to submit personally identifiable
information in order for you to download our products or receive
our services. For example, when ordering products or services
on the site, such as MagicPrint™, we may request personal information
necessary for billing such as: name, address, telephone number and
credit card number. You will be informed each time we collect
information from you what information is required and what information
is optional.
We may automatically record your email address when you send
us an email. We do this to respond to you and may store your email
address in our database to send you additional information about
our company or our products.
We automatically collect certain information about visitors to our
web site in aggregate form. This information includes
the
Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the web site that you came from
immediately before visiting our web site, the URL you go to next,
the type of browser you are using, and your Internet protocol address
(IP Address). Your IP Address is a number automatically
assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you
can access the Internet. We use this information to administer
and improve our web site, diagnose problems with our server, determine
the fastest connection for your computer and to customize your browser
settings. We do not collect information that specifically identifies
how you used our site.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that a web site sends to your browser
to allow the web site to recognize you as a previous visitor to
the site, save and remember preferences you established while browsing
the site, personalize a site for your interests, store your user
name and password or track your individual sessions. A cookie cannot
retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses
or capture your email address.
Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We may use information collected from you to provide information
to you, to determine what services to provide on our site, to make
the site easier for you to use by not making you enter your personal
information more than once, to deliver services or products that
you request or purchase, to improve the content of our web site,
or for our marketing and research purposes. We may combine your
personally identifiable information with other information we collect
or with information we obtain from third parties.
Unless we tell you otherwise when we collect information from you,
we will not disclose your personally identifiable information to
anyone else without your consent except under the following circumstances:
1. To third parties that assist us in providing customer service. We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services
on our behalf including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases,
answering customer questions about products or services and sending
postal mail. In such cases, we may provide access to your
personally identifiable information as necessary to perform the
service but restrict the third party from using your information
for any other purpose and require them to maintain its confidentiality.
2. When you sign up for services offered through our web site,
but provided by a third party, we give the personally identifiable
information about you specified during the sign-up process to that
third party.
3. In connection with a merger, sale or other similar transaction
between our company and another entity.
4.When we believe disclosure is appropriate to enforce or protect
the rights, property or safety of the company, our employees or
third parties.
5. When required by law or court or governmental agency or compelled
by subpoena.
We may collect, transfer, store and process your information in
the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates,
subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By using this site,
you consent to any such collection, transfer, storage or processing
of information outside of your country. We abide by the safe harbor
framework set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding
the collection, use and retention of data from the European Union.
Security
Although our site is not completely secure or error free, we take
reasonable steps to protect the personally identifiable information
we maintain about you from loss, misuse and unauthorized access,
disclosure, alteration or destruction.
Links to Other Sites
Our web site contains links to other web sites that are owned and
operated by third parties. The information practices of those web
sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to
review the privacy policies of these sites before using the sites.
Children
We do not publish content that is targeted to children and we do
not use this site to knowingly solicit information from or market
to children under the age of 13.
Reviewing and Updating Your Information
You may review and update the personally identifiable information
we maintain about you by contacting us as provided below.
Contacting Us
We take our visitor?s privacy concerns seriously. If you believe
we have not complied with this Privacy Policy, have any questions
about our Privacy Policy or would like to review or update your
information, please contact us as follows:
2381 Rosecrans Ave.
El Segundo, CA 90245
U.S.A.
telephone: 310.536.0908
fax: 310.536.0058
e-mail: info@peerless.com
2, and listed on NASDAQ (PRLS) since 1996, Peerless provides imaging and networking technologies to manufacturers of printers, copiers and multi-function devices.
Peerless produces:
software development kits hardware IP cores networking and security modules embedded controllers custom silicon turnkey solutions
We customize our modular technologies to minimize footprint, ease customers?f integration efforts, enhance product differentiation, shorten time-to-market and reduce product cost.
Peerless provides:
imaging and networking expertise market-proven technologies flexibility strategic relationships with leading technology companies and third party providers
Customers choose just the support they need knowing Peerless is the one-stop-shop for a single component, an end-to-end solution or a co-development effort.
And we at Peerless are gratified that our continually evolving solutions have proven their value in the marketplace for nearly 25 years.
© 2008 Peerless Systems Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policy