https://www.workscapes.com/legal/terms-of-use
Close VideoLegalTerms of UseTerms of UseLegalTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyIn using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:Contact InformationAddressWorkscapes, Inc.501 E Kennedy Blvd, Suite 100Tampa, FL 33602Inquiriesddvorak@workscapes.comPhone: 813.620.0048The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing US Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.Privacy StatementWe are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorized employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. Laws are enacted for specific offences for unauthorized actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.ConfidentialityClient records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than our manufacturer/supplier(s) and if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client's with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties.We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.DisclaimerExclusions and LimitationsThe information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company's literature; andexcludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.AvailabilityUnless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United States, or in relation to postings from the United States. All advertising is intended solely for the United States. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.Authorized UsesThe Company grants the user a limited right to make the following uses of its copyrighted information from the site. ("Authorized Uses") You may reproduce the site content solely for your personal, noncommercial, educational, and informational use, and only if you keep such reproduced content intact with proper attribution and display of the copyright notice. Architects and designers may download and use the photo gallery portion of this site in connection with bids or requests for proposals for the sale by us to end user customers, for internal training and for seminars. Thus, you may download or print site content, provided you do so for an Authorized use and provided you do not delete or change any of the information, including copyright and trademark notices. No other permission is granted to you to print, copy, reproduce, distribute, license, transfer, sell, transmit, upload, download, store, display in public, alter, or modify any of the site content.Media should contact Corporate Communications at ddvorak@workscapes.com for permission to use the copyrighted information.Authorized Use is not a transfer of title, and under this permission you may not:(a) Alter the site content in any way;(b) Use the site content for any public display (commercial or noncommercial) or for any purpose other than for Authorized Use;(c) Remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notations from the materials;(d) Transfer the site content to another person, "frame" or "in-line link" the site content, "deep link" to the site content, or "mirror" the site content on any other server (Refer to our Linking page for related information);(e) Copy or modify, redistribute, republish, upload, adapt, or reuse any of the text, graphics, or other site content, or any of the source code or HTML code the Company uses to generate its website except as a part of an Authorized Use without prior written permission; or engage in any other conduct that violates the Copyright Act.Authorized Use terminates automatically without notice if you breach any of this Agreement or any applicable law. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any downloaded and/or printed site content.Prohibited ConductUser expressly agrees to refrain from doing, either personally or through an agent, any of the following:(a) Use any device or other means to harvest information about other Users.(b) Transmit, install, upload, or otherwise transfer any virus, program, process, advertisement, communication, or other item to the site or related servers and networks.(c) Post any material on the site that is offensive to any other User. The Company maintains the exclusive right to determine what is offensive.(d) Post or store on the site any content that violates or infringes the intellectual property rights of others (including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents and publicity rights).(e) Modify the information found on the website.(f) Engage in any action the Company determines is detrimental to the use and enjoyment of the website.(g) Use the website for any unlawful or defamatory means.(h) Transmit, install, upload, post, or otherwise transfer any information in violation of the laws of the United States, or post any information that could result in civil unrest.(i) The site content should not be used in territories where the sale of products to which the content relates is not permitted.Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.CookiesLike most interactive web sites this Company's website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.Links to this websiteIf you create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.Links from this websiteWe do not monitor or review the content of other party's websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites is not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.Copyright NoticeCopyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Company's services and the full content of this website. This Company's logo is a registered trademark of this Company.CommunicationWe have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. Use the Contact Us link on our website or via Company literature or via the Company's stated telephone or fax numbers listed at the top of this agreement.Force MajeureNeither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.WaiverFailure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.GeneralThe laws of the United States govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the US courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the Company.Notification of ChangesThe Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers' Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basisThese terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and us. Your accessing of this website indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.