http://www.frostproof.com/terms-conditions/
Loading... Please wait...
Call us toll free today 800.635.3621
Price Match Guarantee
Home
Blog
About Us
Your Account
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Search:
New Arrivals
Best Sellers
Markdowns
Open Box Items
Gift Ideas
Wish List
Gift Cards
All Brands
3M Accu-Pour
Ames Ansell Aquaterr
ARS Atlas Bahco Barnel Bon-Aire Bucket Boss Buddy Tape Bully Tools CJ Industries Computemp Cordura Corona CST/Berger DeWitt Dramm Duratool Edmund Scientific Elvex Environmental Concepts Eschenbach
EZ Haul Felco Fend-All FGS Field King Fiskars Foxgloves FrostProtek Garner Gilmour GUARD-TEX Hastings Havahart Herbafex Herbi Hoklartherm Hydrion Irrometer Istor Janssens Kelway Keson Kestrel Komelon Lincoln Logitech Luster Leaf Max Midwest Moldex MSA N-Dex Nelson North Oakfield Oakton Orbit Pelouze Presco Radius Garden Rapitest
Roundup Schrade Selsi Servus Seymour Manufacturing Shake Away Silky Soil Moist SP Systems
Sunkist Supco Taylor Tina Towbridge's Trece TreeKote Trowbridge's Tru-Chek
Tula Hats Tyvek Victorinox Watermark Westover Yard Butler
Categories
Janitorial
Budding & Grafting
Budding Knives
Budding Tape
Grafting Kits
Grafting Knives
Grafting Tape
Grafting Tools
Grafting Wax
Sharpening Tools
All Budding & Grafting
Flagging Tape
Fluorescent
Polka Dot
Solid Color
Striped
All Flagging Tape
Frost Protection
Accessories
Frost Covers
Plant Covers
Row Covers
All Frost Protection
Gardening Tools
Axes
Cultivators
Garden Aprons
Garden Carts
Garden Forks
Garden Kneelers
Garden Knives
Gardening Gloves
Gardening Hats
Gardening Hoes
Grass Shears
Hedge Shears
Lawn Aerators
Leaf Collection
Loppers
Manual Edgers
Pruners
Rakes
Saws
Shovels
Weeders
All Gardening Tools
Harvesting Tools
Fruit Clippers
Harvest Shears
Harvest Totes
Picking Bags
Picking Gloves
Ticket Books & Punch Tools
All Harvesting Tools
Measuring Tools
Fruit Testing
Hand Lenses
Measuring Containers
pH Testers
Rain Gauges
Salinity Testers
Scales & Scoops
Soil Moisture Meters
Soil Probes
Soil Testing
Tally Counters
Thermometers
Weather Meters
All Measuring Tools
Nursery Supplies
Plant & Tree Stakes
Plant & Tree Tags
Plant Twist Ties
Max Tapener, Tape & Supplies
All Nursery Supplies
Pest Control
Animal Repellents
Deer Netting & Fences
Garden Insect Control
All Pest Control
Safety Supplies
Ear Muffs, Ear Plugs, and Hearing Protection
Eye Protection: Safety Goggles, Glasses, Eye Wash
Garden First Aid Kits
Foot Protection: Safety Boots & Footwear
Hand Protection: Safety Gloves, Finger Cots
Respirator Masks
Chemical Spray Suits & Aprons
All Safety Supplies
Shade Cloth
Knitted Shade Cloth
Shade Cloth Accessories
Woven Shade Cloth
All Shade Cloth
Garden Sprayers
Backpack Sprayers
Hand Sprayers
Hose End Sprayers
Powered Sprayers
All Sprayers
Tree Care
Tree Stakes
Tree T Pees
Tree Wound Dressing
Tree Wraps
All Tree Care
Watering Tools
Garden Hoses
Garden Hose Connectors
Garden Hose Reels
Garden Hose Spray Nozzles
Garden Hose Valves
Hose End Sprinklers
Root Watering Tools
Watering Nozzles
Water Timers
Watering Wands
All Watering Tools
Weed Fabric
Anchor Pins and Staples
Ground Cover Fabric
Landscape Fabric
Weed Barrier Fabric
All Weed Fabric
Best Sellers
Markdowns
Open Box Items
Gift Ideas
Felco Tools
Felco Loppers
Felco Pruners
Felco Saws
Felco Parts
Felco Accessories
Fiskars
Fiskars Axes
Fiskars Cultivators
Fiskars Grass Shears
Fiskars Hedge Shears
Fiskars Kneelers
Fiskars Knives
Fiskars Loppers
Fiskars Leaf Collection
Fiskars Pruners
Fiskars Shovels
Fiskars Weeders
Gilmour
Gilmour Garden Hose
Gilmour Hose Nozzles
Gilmour Hose Valves
Gilmour Sprayers
Gilmour Sprinklers
Gilmour Timers
Silky
Silky Folding Saws
Silky Pole Saws
Silky Pruning Saws
Silky Replacement Blades
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc.. Copyright 1998-2012, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. or purchasing Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. or to purchase Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Digital Images
The digital images displayed by decora rugs are delivered by the manufacturer and display the most accurate colors possible. However, due to the differences in computer monitors, we cannot be responsible for variations in color between the actual product and what is visually represented on your screen.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc..
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Florida, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Polk County, Florida. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Price Match Disclaimer
In an attempt to provide increased value and service to our visitors, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. price match guarantee is based upon a competitors good faith and reasonable pricing. Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. retains the right of refusal relative to our price match guarantee, when and if, at our sole discretion may deem a competitors lower price to be unreasonable. This policy extends to and also includes typographical errors from competing sale adds, close out pricing, clearance products, overstock or other liquidations, and manufacturer MAP (minimum allowable pricing) violations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc., Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Frostproof Growers Supply, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Business Accounts
Set up an Account
Wholesale Pricing
Tax Exemptions
Payment Terms
Find Products
Site Map
Shop by Brand
Shop by Category
Company Information
Return Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Resouces
Gardening Tips
Blog
Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Questions
Track Your Order
Contact Support
© 1996-2020 Frostproof Growers Supply.
Powered by Top Rated Local®