http://www.cicu.com/privacy-policy/
Central Illinois Credit Union Privacy Policy Disclosure
Privacy Policy
The Directors, Management, and Staff of Central Illinois Credit Union are concerned about and respect the privacy of our members' personal financial information. We understand that our members furnish sensitive information to the Credit Union in the course of daily business, and the Credit Union is committed to treating such information responsibly. We will take all necessary steps to safeguard information that has been entrusted to us by our members. The following Privacy Disclosure outlines practices regarding personal financial information for members and others with which we establish a member relationship.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; and
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency.
We restrict the access to nonpublic personal information about you to only those employees and officials who need to know in order to provide products and services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to anyone, except as permitted by law.
If you decide to terminate your membership or become an inactive member we will adhere to the privacy policies and practices as described in this notice.
Online Privacy Policy
Your online privacy is also important. At Central Illinois Credit Union, we recognize that whether you are an existing member or are considering a relationship with us, you have an interest in how we collect, retain, and use information about you and your business relationship with us:
If you choose to email us, please remember that your email address and any other information contained in your email header will be revealed to us in the email. We will use that email information only to respond to your comments or questions.
Your email address, and/or any other information we gather from our website, won't be sold or shared with any party outside the credit union unless we are compelled to do so by law.
We respect your privacy. You need not be concerned about the privacy of your personal information. Our site is not designed to collect personally-identifying data on visitors.
Except for Net Teller logins and online forms, we don't gather information on individual users of our website. We merely collect and store information such as the name of the domain from which you access the Internet, the date and time you access our site, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked to us. Other than that, we collect information on visitors only in the aggregate and use it for internal review purposes only.
Net Teller logins are logged by the server. For authenticated members who use Net Teller, we collect and store certain information such as how often you visit the home "credit union-ing" section, dates and times of visits, and which pages are being used. We use this information for internal review and product evaluation only. We never sell, transfer, or trade this information unless we are compelled to do so by law.
We may gather and store additional information available to us on failed login attempts and other activity we consider a threat to our system. In these cases, we will share this information with other companies, agencies, and law enforcement officials as we see fit.
If you submit a form, the information will be used as required in the normal course of business to fulfill your request. The information will not otherwise be sold or shared with any party outside the credit union unless we are compelled to do so by law.
Our employees' access to member information is restricted only to information that is needed to conduct business. All employees are trained to respect member privacy.
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy.
Copyright and trademark notices
All contents of the Central Illinois Credit Union Website are © 2005–2017 Central Illinois Credit Union and/or its suppliers, 2106 W John St, Champaign, IL 61821.
All brand, logos, or product names are or may be trademarks of and are used to identify products and services of their respective owners. Any image that is claimed to be in violation of intellectual property infringement or the legal rights of any person or entity will be removed promptly upon notification.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
×
You are now leaving Central Illinois Credit Union's website.
Central Illinois Credit Union does not operate the site you are about to visit and is not responsible for the content, nor any transactions performed on this website.
Please note that privacy and security policies may differ from those practiced by Central Illinois Credit Union.
Go to
Cancel