http://www.sonici.com/cookie-policy
Hearing Solutions
Hearing Aids
Technology
Accessories
Find Hearing Center
Product Support
FAQs
Download Center
About Us
Contact Us
Professional Center
Hearing Aids Pro
Professional Support
Cookie Policy
This website is provided and controlled by Sonic Innovations, Inc., 2501 Cottontail Lane, Somerset, NJ 08873, USA.
This policy accounts for cookies etc. used via our websites. If you do not agree with the terms herein, please do not use this website and delete the cookies placed by the website.
What Is a Cookie?
Our websites use cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored by us on your computer for record-keeping purposes. Our javascript visitor tracking solution uses cookies as a way of identifying whether a visitor that comes to our site is a new visitor, or a visitor that has been to our site before. We use both session ID and persistent cookies to track your viewing of our site. A session cookie expires as soon as you leave our site, while a persistent cookie stays on your computer to help us measure the number of returning visitors to our site.
Cookies are also used by us to ensure that you don’t have to enter your password or otherwise identify yourself more than once per visit.
Why We Gather Information
We use information about our visitors to improve our products and gather vital information that could help us improve our websites. We take your privacy seriously, and we only collect and keep information as long as we need it for a specific task. The information we collect cannot be used to identify you as an individual. This information is only used in aggregate form to tell us where our visitors come from, what they look at, and where they spend the most time. This allows us to improve our websites to create a better experience for you.
We use a javascript-based visitor tracking solution called Netminers developed by Netminers ApS. This software uses cookies on your computer together with small javascripts on our pages that are executed every time you click somewhere on our site. We use this software for tracking clickstream data and analyzing various patterns of user behavior, which is vital to our understanding of our visitors' needs and interest, and our ability to improve our sites.
Aggregate visitor information is sent by your computer to secure servers owned by Netminers ApS. Only Sonic Innovations, Inc. and Netminers ApS are allowed to access this data. Sale or transfer of any data to a third party is strictly forbidden.
Information We Gather
• Your referrer (i.e., where you came from, e.g., Google)
• Date and time of your visit
• Your regional and language settings (to determine which country you are in)
• Operating System (Windows, OS X, Linux etc.)
• Browser & Browser Version (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Safari etc.)
• Screen Resolution (1280x1024, 1024x768 etc.)
• JavaScript support
• Java support
• Visitor ID (Provided by a cookie we place on your computer when possible, helps us measure how many visitors return to our websites)
• IP address (Your computer's address on the internet)
• The title of the page you are viewing
• The URL of the page you are viewing
Disclosure to Third Parties
The only third party that might have access to your information is our visitor traffic tracking vendor Netminers ApS. We store our aggregated visitor traffic data and survey data on their secure servers in Denmark. Netminers ApS is strictly forbidden from transferring any part of our data stored on their servers to any other third party.
We don’t share personally identifying or sensitive information with other third parties without your prior explicit permission, except when required by law or official regulations. Such information is kept within Sonic Innovations, Inc. or on Netminers ApS’s secure servers.
How to Avoid and/or Delete Cookies
Most browsers accept cookies by default. However, you can alter your browser settings to not accept cookies or delete the cookies from your system. Most browsers do allow a “private” mode where cookies are always deleted after a visit. Depending on which browser you are using, the setting has a different name. Below you can find the most common browsers and the “private” mode:
• Internet Explorer 8 and newer; InPrivate
• FireFox 3.5 and newer; Private Browsing
• Google Chrome 10 and newer; Incognito
• Safari 2 and newer; Private Browsing
• Opera 10.5 and newer; Private Browsing
Please read your browser’s help section for more information about how to set the “private” mode or how to delete cookies. You can still visit our site even though your browser is in “private” mode, however the user experience might not be optimal and some functionalities might not work.
Changes
We reserve the right in our sole discretion to amend and/or delete this privacy and cookie policy at any time without providing prior notice to you. We will post at any time the current version of this privacy and cookie policy on the website.
Customer Questions
If you have any questions or comments or wish to exercise your rights under applicable legislation, please contact our team by using the form on the Contact Us page or calling our World Headquarters phone number at +1.888.423.7834.
Home
>
Cookie Policy
>
About Sonic
About Us
Cookie Policy
Disclaimer
Compatibility
Corporate Headquarters
Sonic Innovations Inc.
2501 Cottontail Lane
Somerset, NJ 08873, USA
+1.888.423.7834
Monday - Friday
7:30 AM - 7:00 PM (Central)
International Headquarters
Sonic AG
Morgenstrasse 131B
3018 Bern, Switzerland
+41.31.560.2121
Monday - Friday
08:00 - 17:00 (Central European)
Connect With Us
FIND A HEARING CENTER
CONTACT US
© 2020 Sonic Innovations, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sonic is part of the Demant group.
This site uses cookies