https://www.cgshirts.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyServing the Bay Area since 1986!Home / Privacy Policy
Call
(800) 748-7447 or CONTACT US
Privacy Policy & Users
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Ordering is Easy!
Check out our online options or give us a call! We'll help you out.
Submit a design or have our graphic designers come up artwork for you. One hour free artwork is provided with every order.
Your order goes into production. Experienced craftsmen, and a detailed work flow assures that your order gets done right.
We'll call, ship, or deliver your order when it is done. Our facilities are right in Sunnyvale so pickup is easy. We also have a delivery service and can ship by UPS. Satisfaction is guaranteed!
Testimonials
Century Graphics is our company of choice for all of our tradeshow promotional items and shirts for our sales meetings. They have consistently provided the best selection at the best price with the fastest turnaround. Our tradeshow giveaways were so unique, we had a line out our booth to talk with us."
"One of the main reasons we go with Century Graphics is their in-house graphic design. The creativity and selection is better than most independent graphic design firms at a fraction of the cost. CG has always exceeded our expectations on all levels from delivery time to customer service.
Alicia
Director of Agency Partners
Onvia
Alicia
Business Marketing
Just a quick note to thank you and Ruby and everyone at Century for the great t-shirts, they are just what I'd hoped for... You guys run a great business and I will certainly recommend you to anyone looking for printing needs! Wishing you all a save, healthy and happy holiday season!
Peace,
Kathy
Kathy
Organization & Events
Dear Century Graphics,
We want to thank you for your generous support of this year's SMIF Carnival at Stanford Business School. The shirts were a big success, and the Carnival succesfully raised several thousands of dollars for non-profit organizations employing MBA students!
Thanks Again!
SMIF Committee
SMIF Committee Stanford
Schools
To the manager,
This letter is ridiculously late, but I wanted to thank you all for the great job that you did on a family reunion T-shirt order in October. I brought in some designs, but one of your staff (Lisa?) at the time came up with a variation that was just perfect! We ordered them and were very pleased with how they came out. I wanted to send you a copy of all of us in our shirts when we all finally got together. Many people at the resort where we stayed commented on them and one of the beach vendors wanted to exchange some of his wares for one fo the T-shirts. They were a great success.
Many , many thanks.
Sincerely, Susan Wong
Susan Wong – Family Reunion
Family Reunion
Stay in touch
Century Graphics
4.5
Based on 6 reviews
Geneva A 20:09 21 Jan 20
Was in a rush for an order and called several places in town, only century graphics gave me a reasonable quote but what blew me a way was there turnaround time! Staff was really friendly and experience printing shirts was very simple and straight forward, will use again!!
Michelle Stuart 07:02 11 Dec 17
Alaina Nakamoto Johnson 19:58 11 Sep 16
Love working with Century Graphics. They always exceed my expectation with quality, service and turnaround!!
Matt Johnson 17:06 16 Aug 16
Century Graphics is one of the most professional companies I've worked with that typically meets and often times exceeds my department's expectations in delivering high quality marketing giveaways, event shirts, hats, etc.
Their passion to provide the highest level of customer service is best in class, which is exemplified by Century Graphic's ability to turn on a moment's notice, meet deadlines around the world, consult on high impact pieces for maximum exposure, and available to research and find us unique marketing solution.
From the trust they have built with me for the last 15+ years, my Sales and Marketing teams (Dantz, EMC, Sonic Solutions & Retrospect Inc.) have been more successful at events and meetings.
Century Graphics pricing structure is highly competitive and they have been flexible to work within my budget.
Matthew
Chuck Spano 15:41 05 Mar 16
Next Reviews
Century Graphics
5.0
Based on 31 Reviews
Stacey S. 2020-03-05 16:22:08
Marshall was great to work with! Even my daughter commented how helpful he was when we dropped off our order. (We had just come from another not-so-helpful...
Eva A. 2020-01-21 12:06:49
I'm blown away by the exceptional service I received at Century Graphics. I had an urgent printing job and called several places throughout the Bay Area....
Luis G. 2019-05-14 07:08:59
I was searching around to get shirts made for my company. It was a Tough process because there is a TONNN of places to choose from, but without a doubt ,...
Jean O. 2018-05-29 21:45:49
Thank you Marshall for the fast, friendly and excellent customer service! We got our team shirts on time and the print/ design is on point!
The only...
Roma A. 2017-10-17 11:34:10
Really good place to get any customized printing done. Marshall and Ruby were really courteous.
Cheryl M. 2017-06-29 14:38:07
5-star rating for excellent customer service. I went to Yelp and clicked on the 'Request a Quote' for printing services...didn't realize Century Graphics...
Sign Up For Specials and News!