http://www.starpharma.com/privacy
About Us Technology VivaGel® DEP® Drug Delivery News
Search
StarpharmaPrivacy
Privacy Policy
Starpharma Holdings Limited and its related bodies corporate (we, our, us, Starpharma) recognise the importance of protecting the privacy and the rights of individuals in relation to their personal information.  This document is our Privacy Policy and it tells you how and why we collect and manage your personal information.
We respect your right to privacy under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Act) and we comply with all of the Act’s requirements in respect of the collection, management and disclosure of your personal information.
What is your personal information?
When used in this Privacy Policy, the term “personal information” has the meaning given to it in the Act.  In general terms, it is any information that can be used to personally identify you.  The types of information that we may collect and hold include your name, address, telephone number, email address, profession or occupation, shareholding or employment related information.  If the information we collect personally identifies you, or you are reasonably identifiable from it, the information will be considered personal information. The Act requires Starpharma to use personal information only for the primary purpose for which it was collected, or for secondary purposes which are related to the primary purpose.
In certain limited circumstances, Starpharma may also need to collect sensitive information such as health information or your medical history to enable you to participate in clinical trials or where you have a product complaint or adverse event related to a Starpharma product. Further information on sensitive information is contained in a separate section of this Privacy Policy.
What personal information do we collect and hold?
We collect and hold personal information you may have provided to us to ensure that we can provide you with the relevant product or service to the standard required. We may also collect details of the products or services you have purchased or received from Starpharma or which you have enquired about, together with any additional information necessary to deliver those products or services and to respond to your enquiries and comply with our regulatory requirements. If you’re seeking a role with Starpharma we may collect and retain information related to your prior employment.
We may collect and hold additional information that you provide to us directly through our websites or indirectly through use of our websites or online presence, through our representatives or otherwise. When you visit our website, www.starpharma.com, we may collect other personal information through our ISP and cookies. Further information on ISP and cookies is contained in the specific section below.
In limited circumstances, we may be required to collect your name, address, date of birth and other verification information under the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act 2006 (Cth).
We may also collect some information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else. For example, we may collect anonymous answers or aggregated information about website usage or aggregated data from participants in our clinical trials.
How do we collect your personal information?
Starpharma usually collects your personal information directly from you unless it is unreasonable or impractical to do so.  When collecting personal information from you, you may provide it to us in various ways, including:
through your access and use of our website, including subscribing for company updates;
during communications between yourself or your business colleagues and our representatives for business purposes or as a general enquiry;
when you deal in Starpharma shares or securities;
when you enquire about or apply for a role, including employment or consulting at Starpharma;
when you enquire about or participate in our clinical trials;
when you enquire about, complain about or report an adverse event related to our products; or
when you complete standard forms or business documentation such as credit applications or purchase orders.
We may also collect your personal information from third parties, including our share registry provider, credit reporting agencies, corporate advisers, law enforcement agencies and other government entities.
ISP and Cookies
In some cases we may also collect your personal information through the use of cookies.  When you access our website, we may send a “cookie” (which is a small summary file containing a unique ID number) to your computer.  This enables us to recognise your computer and greet you each time you visit our website without bothering you with a request to register.  It also enables us to keep track of items you view so that, if you consent, we can send you news about those items.  We may also use cookies to measure traffic patterns, to determine which areas of our website have been visited and to measure transaction patterns in the aggregate.  We use this to research our users’ habits so that we can improve our communications and online service.  If you do not wish to receive cookies, please set your browser so that your computer does not accept them.
When you visit our website or download information from it, our ISP makes a record of your visit and records your internet address, domain name (if applicable) and the date and time of your visit. Our ISP also monitors the pages you access, the documents you download, links from other sites you follow to reach the site, and the type of browser you use. We use this information for statistical and website development purposes.
What happens if we can’t collect your personal information?
If you do not wish to provide us with the personal information described above, we may not be able to provide the requested product or service to you, either to the same standard or at all; and may not be able to tailor the content of our website to your preferences, so your experience with our website may not be as useful or enjoyable. In certain circumstances, it may also prevent us from complying with our regulatory requirements.
For what purposes do we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information?
We collect personal information from you so that we can perform our business activities and functions and to provide best possible quality of service.
We collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
as indicated to you at the time your personal information was collected;
to provide products and services to you and to send communications requested by you;
to answer enquiries and provide information or advice about Starpharma or existing and new products or services;
to assess the performance of the website and to improve the operation of the website;
to conduct business processing functions including providing personal information to our related bodies corporate, contractors, service providers or other third parties;
for the administrative, marketing (including direct marketing), planning, product or service development, quality control and research purposes of Starpharma, contractors or third party service providers;
to keep your contact details up to date and to provide your updated personal information to our related bodies corporate, contractors or third party service providers;
to process your application for employment at Starpharma;
to process and respond to any complaint made by you; and
to comply with any law, rule, regulation, lawful and binding determination, decision or direction of a regulator, or in co-operation with any governmental authority of any country.
Your personal information will not be shared, sold, rented or disclosed other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
To whom may we disclose your information?
To ensure that we can provide you with the products or service required, we may disclose your personal information to:
our employees, related bodies corporate, contractors or third party service providers for the purposes of operation of our website or our business, fulfilling requests by you, and to otherwise provide products and services to you including, without limitation, web hosting providers, IT systems administrators, share registries, mailing houses, couriers, payment processors, data entry service providers, electronic network administrators, debt collectors, and professional advisors such as accountants, solicitors, business advisors and consultants;
suppliers and other third parties with whom we have commercial relationships for business, marketing, and related purposes;
law enforcement or other government agencies or by a court or like body, in which case Starpharma will make a written note of the disclosure;
any organisation for any authorised purpose with your express consent; or
where we are otherwise permitted or required by the Act or any other law.
We may combine any information that we collect from you with information collected by any of our related bodies corporate (within Australia).
Do we disclose your personal information to anyone outside Australia?
We may disclose personal information to our related bodies corporate and third party suppliers and service providers located overseas for some of the purposes listed above.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your personal information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information.
We may disclose your personal information to entities located outside of Australia, including to our data hosting and other IT service providers, located in countries which may include the United States, United Kingdom, Singapore and Hong Kong.
Overseas recipients to whom we may potentially disclose personal information are located in the United States, South America, Europe, Asia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and any other countries to the extent required to fulfil the purposes listed above. Generally, we require that organisations outside Starpharma who handle or obtain personal information as third party service providers to Starpharma acknowledge the confidentiality of this information and comply with the privacy requirements of such information.
Direct marketing materials
We may send you direct marketing communications and information about our products and services that we consider may be of interest to you.  These communications may be sent in various forms, including mail, SMS, fax, telephone and email, in accordance with applicable marketing laws, such as the Spam Act 2003 (Cth).  You consent to us sending you those direct marketing communications by any of those methods.  If you indicate a preference for a method of communication, we will endeavour to use that method whenever practical to do so.  In addition, at any time you may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by contacting us (see the details below) or by using opt-out facilities provided in the marketing communications and we will then ensure that you do not receive further marketing communications. You may still receive communications from us while we update our records.
We do not provide your personal information to other organisations, except where they are contracted on Starpharma’s behalf, for the purposes of direct marketing.
How can you access and correct your personal information?
You may request access to any personal information we hold about you at any time by contacting us (see the details below).  Where we hold information that you are entitled to access, we will try to provide you with suitable means of accessing it (for example, by mailing or emailing it to you).  We may charge you a fee to cover our administrative and other reasonable costs in providing the information to you.  We will not charge you for simply making the request and will not charge you for making any corrections to your personal information.
There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the personal information we hold.  For example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality.  If that happens, we will give you written reasons for any refusal.
If you believe that personal information we hold about you is incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate, then you may request that we amend it.  We will consider if the information requires amendment.
Security
We take reasonable steps to ensure your personal information is protected from misuse and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.  We may hold your information in either electronic or hard copy form. Where required, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify your personal information.
As our website is linked to the internet, and the internet is inherently insecure, we are unable to provide any assurance regarding the security of transmission of information you communicate to us online.  We also cannot guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the internet. Accordingly, any personal information or other information which you transmit to us online is transmitted at your own risk.
Links
Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties.  We make no representations or warranties in relation to the privacy practices of any third party website and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any third party website.  Please review the privacy policies of third party websites.
Health related personal information
Health or medical information that you provide to Starpharma in the course of your interest in or participating in a clinical trial, or in making a product complaint or adverse event report, may be considered to be “sensitive” personal information. Such information will only be collected and used for Starpharma’s purposes with your express consent or where we are legally required to do so. Even with your explicit consent, sensitive personal information will only be collected and used:
for the purpose for which it was provided;
for a directly related secondary purpose; or
where required by law.
This section applies in addition to the general provisions of this Privacy Policy.
To the extent possible, we ensure that sensitive information is anonymised or pseudonymised. This includes details of medical conditions, treatments, investigations, results of medical tests or related to participation in our clinical trials.
Where health related personal information is collected, it is typically collected by clinical trial sites, clinicians and clinical research organisations (CROs), clinical trial database managers and in limited cases by Starpharma, directly from you unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so. Such information may be collected when you enquire about or participate in our clinical trials, or when you make a product complaint or report an adverse event related to a Starpharma product. Where health related personal information is collected by a third party, these organisations are required to comply with the data privacy legislation in the relevant country. In clinical trials, typically the participant’s personal information is anonymised or pseudonomised, with the key code being held by the patient’s doctor so that the participant’s involvement and personal information can remain anonymous. We may also collect some health information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else.  For example, we may collect aggregated data from participants in our clinical trials. If you do not provide us with your health-related personal information, we may not be able to recruit you into our clinical trials, or allow you to continue in our clinical trials, or we may not be able to use the information we obtained about you in our clinical trials to assess its conduct or outcomes. It may also prevent or limit us from investigating and resolving a product complaint or adverse event.
Your health-related personal information is used to maintain records of medical queries, adverse event reports, make legally required notifications (e.g. product recalls) and otherwise comply with legal requirements, and with the informed consent of participants, to assess the conduct and outcomes of clinical trials.
We collect, hold, use and may disclose your health-related personal information to:
CROs, clinical trial sites or related committees, clinical trial database or service providers/managers to allow the conduct and assessment of our clinical trials;
regulatory bodies (e.g. the TGA, FDA etc) where legally obliged to do so;
law enforcement or other government agencies or by a court or like body, in which case we will make a written note of the disclosure;
any organisation for any authorised purpose with your express consent; or
where we are otherwise permitted or required by the Act or any other law.
As we conduct clinical trials throughout Australia and overseas, in respect of the above ways in which Starpharma collects, holds, uses or discloses your health-related personal information, some of these disclosures may occur outside the state or territory in which an individual is resident, including overseas.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, any concerns or a complaint regarding the treatment of your privacy or a possible breach of your privacy, please contact our Privacy and Data Protection Officer using the details set out below or the details set out on our website.
We request that complaints about breaches of privacy be made in writing, so we can be sure about the details of the complaint. We will treat your requests or complaints confidentially.  Our representative will contact you within a reasonable time after receipt of your complaint to discuss your concerns and outline options regarding how they may be resolved.  We will aim to ensure that your complaint is resolved in timely and appropriate manner. We will inform you whether we will conduct an investigation, the name, title, and contact details of the investigating officer and the estimated completion date for the investigation process.
After we have completed our enquiries, we will contact you to advise the outcome and invite a response to our conclusions about the complaint.  If we receive a response from you, we will assess it and advise if we have changed our view.
Please contact our Privacy and Data Protection Officer at:
Privacy and Data Protection Officer Starpharma Holdings Limited Post:          PO Box 2022 Preston Victoria 3072
Tel:             (03) 8532 2700 Email:         privacy@starpharma.com.au
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time.  Any updated versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website.  Please review it regularly.
This Privacy Policy was last updated in April 2020.