http://www.puretone.net/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice (v1.00)
This notice describes how we collect and use personal data about you, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018 and any other national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation as amended or updated from time to time, in the UK (‘Data Protection Legislation’)
This privacy notice sets out the rights and freedoms of “data subjects”, (referred to as “you” or “client”) and Puretone Limited (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our”).
This privacy notice was published 25th May 2018. It is effective upon acceptance for new clients immediately and for existing clients from 25th May 2018.
About Us
Puretone Ltd are British manufacturers of quality hearing protection plugs, hearing aids, tinnitus management systems, in-ear monitors for musicians, earmoulds, swimplugs, and covert equipment for surveillance purposes. Suppliers of audiological, ERA equipment and accessories. Established since 1976.  We are registered in England and Wales as a Limited Liability Partnership. Our registered office: is 9-10 Henley Business Park
Trident Close, Medway City Estate, Rochester, Kent.  ME2 4FR. United Kingdom.
This privacy notice is applied to: Puretone Ltd. Company Registration Number 1271080
What is personal information?
Personal information is information relating to an identifiable natural living person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as name, identification numbers, location, or to one or more factors specific to physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identify of that natural person.
How we use your personal information
We use the personal information that we collect from you to provide services and ensure you receive relevant targeted communications (advertising and marketing) We also use the information you provide to detect, prevent and mitigate fraudulent or illegal activities.
We process your personal data for purposes necessary for the performance of our contract with you and to comply with our legal obligations.
We may process your personal data for the purposes of our own legitimate interests provides that those interests do not override any of your own interests, rights and freedoms which require the protection of personal data. This includes processing for marketing, business development, statistical and management purposes.
We may also process your persona data without your knowledge or consent, in accordance with this notice, where we are legally required or permitted to do so.
If you refuse to provide us with certain information when requested, we may be unable to perform the contract we have into with you.
The basis we process your personal information.
When you engage us to provide you with a service you enter into a contract with us for supply of goods and services. We use the data in order for us to perform the contract we are required to process your personal data that we collect, we will:
Record and store your personal data in paper files and computer systems (including emails, computer hard drives and cloud hosted providers). This information can only be accessed by employees and consultants within Puretone Ltd; and only when it is necessary to provide a service to you and to perform administration tasks associated with or incidental to that service.
Submit your personal data to government agencies, companies house or HMRC where required to do so to fulfil either your legal and regulatory obligations or ours.
Share your personal data with agencies, auditors or supervisory authorities where required to do so to fulfil either your legal and regulatory obligations or ours.
Your choices about how we use your personal information
You have a right to choose how we use your personal information to communicate with you, to send you marketing information and how we use that information to provide customised and relevant marketing material.
We respect your rights to access, correct, request deletion or request restrictions of our usage of your personal information as required by applicable law. We take steps to ensure that the personal information you provide us is kept up to date. You have a right to:
Know what personal information we maintain about you and upon request we will provide a copy of this personal information in a commonly used and machine-readable format. This is known as a Data Subject Access request and should you wish the exercise this right you should contact our Data Protection Officer as outlined at the end of this notice.
Request that we correct, delete or complete any personal information that we maintain (details as to the extent of which we can do this will be provided at the time of such request).
Ask us to further explain how we use your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal information.
Request that we delete or restrict how we use your personal information; this right may impact the services we provide you.
Change the basis of any consent you may have provided to enable us to market to you in the future (including withdrawing any consent to market to you in its entirety).
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or another provider or third party (if technically feasible).
How we might share your personal information
During the course of work undertaken by us, we may disclose personal information to third parties where required to do so under the obligations of applicable law. This includes providing information to governing bodies or HMRC to fulfil your legal obligations. We attempt to minimise the information we disclose to what is directly relevant and necessary to accomplish the specified purpose.
Under no circumstances do we sell, rent or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and or advertising purposes without your explicit consent.
We may use third party provides for the following activities; IT and Cloud services, professional advisory services, administration services, marketing and banking services. All our third-party service provides are required to take commercially responsible and appropriate security measures to protect your data. Our providers are only permitted to process your personal data for specified purposes in accordance with out instructions.
How long we keep your personal information
We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the services for which you engage us, or for other essential purposes as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes or enforcing our rights. In most cases we retain the data for a minimum of six years but certain instances may require us to retain records indefinitely.
When assessing what retention period is appropriate for your personal data, we take into consideration:
The requirements of our business and services provided;
any statutory or legal obligations;
the purposes for which we originally collected the personal data;
the lawful grounds on which we based our processing;
the types of personal data we have collected;
the amount and categories of your personal data; and
whether the purpose of the processing could reasonably be fulfilled by other means.
How do we protect your personal information?
We protect your personal information using technical and organisational security measures; in an effort to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure or alteration. Some of the safe guards include the use of firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls and authentication controls. We also offer services for transferring data between both parties using secure methods and advise against sending us confidential information using unprotected means.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where legally required to do so.
Personal information we collect
To provide you with your agreed engaged services, we will collect personal data that you provide us. Personal data may include but is not limited to:
Title, names, date of birth, gender, nationality, civil/marital status, contact details, addresses and documents that are necessary to verify your identity.
Bank account details and payment information.
Details of any services we provide you along with correspondence and communication with you.
Information received from other sources such as publicly available information.
Information from research, surveys and marketing activities.
Health data.
Exercising your rights
If you have any queries or concerns regarding our use of your data or you would like to exercise any of your rights as outlined in this notice, you should contact our designated Data Protection Officer, D Solecki by emailing dpo@puretone.net
Privacy Notice Updates
Further updates to this Privacy Notice will be published at www.puretone.net/privacy
*Please Note* All calls are recorded for training purposes
Season’s Greetings from Puretone Ltd
Please note our offices will be closed between 19th December and 3rd January for our seasonal shutdown.
Any orders/messages/emails sent during our seasonal shutdown will be processed upon our return. We would like to take this opportunity to thank you for your continued support. We wish you season’s greetings and a prosperous new year.