http://www.bakingbusiness.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use#cookies
We use cookies to provide you with a better experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Home » Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Email
Tweet
Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
Your privacy is important to Sosland Publishing Company (“Sosland”). We have provided this outline of our online information practices and our Terms of Use. Our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our website and our products and services.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our website.
General
By choosing to use any of Sosland Publishing Company’s or Sosland.com’s products and services, you signify your agreement to abide by this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Sosland reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove terms at any time. Your continued use of the website following changes to the terms will constitute acceptance of the changes.
What information do we collect?
If a user is submitting contact information to register to view content on the website, download a sponsored product, attend a sponsored virtual event, or obtain any other Sosland digital product, your name, company, title, email address, address, state, country, phone number and business type are collected and may be provided to sponsors and advertisers. If you are purchasing a subscription, conference registration or product on any one of the Sosland websites, your credit card information will be required. We do not store your credit card information in our databases or logs for any purpose and use a third party provider for credit card processing. You agree to the terms of use for any third party credit card provider. If you click through to an advertisement, then you consent that Sosland may provide any of your information it captures to the owner of such advertisement.
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our websites (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, device type, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our site’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Many of our web pages use “cookies”. Cookies are a feature of browser software that allows servers to recognize the computer used to access a website. Cookies are files, often including unique identifiers, that are automatically placed in your computer to store your preferences or identifying information. Once you register with our website, this information is stored in a cookie in your browser. Cookies help features such as logins by recognizing you when you come to the website. Some cookies do contain personal information that we store about you and are limited to your name and e-mail. Cookies enhance your online experience.
Cookies on the Website
There are many types of cookies: essential, analytical, functional, advertising, which are also known as third party, remarketing or targeting cookies, and social media cookies.
The cookies used on the website include those which are essential and strictly necessary cookies for access and navigation that optimize your experience, cookies that analyze usage (also known as performance cookies) that allow us to monitor our sites’ performance and effectiveness, and functional cookies that log your preferences and allow us to personalize your experience.
When you use the website, you may also be sent advertising or third party cookies. These cookies may be used to track your browser across multiple websites, to build a profile of your web surfing or to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you. These third parties include, but are not limited to, Google AdWords, Facebook, and LinkedIn. For additional information regarding how these third parties use cookies, see:
Google AdWords: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy
Social media cookies make social sharing easier for you, provide you with tools to connect with the site, and help us better understand both the audience for the site and the effectiveness of our social media outreach. These are third-party cookies. Your choices with respect to such cookies are determined by the social media platforms on which you have accounts.
Managing Cookies
Users have a choice over whether or not to accept cookies. When you first visit our website and we notify you about our use of cookies, you may choose not to consent to such use by not continuing with use of our website. By continuing to use the website, you are consenting to our use of cookies. At any time, you may choose to not continue accepting cookies. In this section, we describe ways to manage cookies, including how to disable them.
You can manage cookies through the settings of your internet browser. You can choose to block or restrict cookies from being placed on your computer or device. You can also periodically review the cookies that have been placed there and disable some or all of them.
You can learn more about how to manage Cookies on the following websites: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.
Please be aware that if you choose to not accept certain cookies, it may mean we are unable to provide you with some services or features of the website. This may have a negative impact on the usability and performance of our websites.
Security Commitment
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard data and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. We have a firewall to prevent unauthorized access from third parties; all data and web servers are stored in secure facilities that can be accessed only by authorized personnel; all credit card transactions occur in a secure, third party, encrypted SSL environment and are not stored on our servers or in log files. You acknowledge that no electronic storage method or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our products and services, to provide the services on our behalf, to perform related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our products are used.
These third parties have access to your information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Federal and State Laws
When using this website, on the website, or in any other media selected by you, you must obey all applicable federal, state, and local laws. The website was created and will be operated in the United States. Any use of this website that violates any applicable laws will be grounds for discontinuing your rights to access the website.
Notice to California, U.S.A. Residents
Except as expressly identified herein, we do not disclose a user’s personal data to any third party for such third party’s direct marketing purposes. Thus, under California Civil Code Sections 1798.80-1798.84, Sosland has no obligation to a California resident to provide further information regarding Sosland’s use of the California resident’s personal data. Any inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use can be directed to the contact identified below.
Notice to Utah, U.S.A. Residents
Except as expressly identified herein, we do not disclose a user’s personal data to any third party for such third party’s direct marketing purposes.
Notice to Europe Economic Area Residents
If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), your Personal Data is protected under the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”). When you access our content, in both print and online, we may collect, process or handle your Personal Data. Personal Data may include your name, email address, address including state and country, title, company, phone number, fax number, and cookies. If you choose not to provide any of the required Personal Data, you will not be able to become a registered user, subscriber, or customer.
If you are a customer, we may also collect credit card information that will be processed by a third-party processor.
With your consent, we will use your Personal Data to allow access to our content, personalize your visits to our website by suggesting content based on prior visits, and to send you content. If you consent, we will send you newsletters, magazines, and other information about our industry.
You may also consent to allow us to share your Personal Data with selected third-party business sponsors who may send information or offers about their companies or products.
After you consent, you may opt out at any time.
When we process Personal Data, we implement appropriate technical measures and safeguards to ensure the level of security of Personal Data is appropriate to the level of risk and to help ensure the protection of the rights of the data subject. If you have technical questions, please contact us at dpo@sosland.com.
Sosland requires that the people it authorizes to process Personal Data are under appropriate obligations of confidentiality. For some of our processes, we use external data processors. We require that each data processor that may have access to Personal Data provides at least the same level of protection as is described in this Policy. To the extent required by law, we remain liable for any actions by the data processor that impacts any rights guaranteed under the GDPR. If you would like further information about the service providers that we use from time to time to process Personal Data, please contact subscriptions@sosland.com.
Sosland cooperates with the reasonable requests (at the requestor’s reasonable expense, if applicable) to access, modify, rectify, or remove Personal Data.
In the event of a Personal Data breach under the GDPR, Sosland will notify its applicable users without undue delay after becoming aware of the breach. Such notification(s) may be delivered to an email address or a physical address. You are responsible for ensuring that any email or physical address you provide to us is current and valid.
Sosland is located in the United States of America. Therefore, when you give us your Personal Data, you are sending it outside of the EEA.
Please read this Privacy Policy & Terms of Use in its entirety. Terms not covered within this Notice to Europe Economic Area Residents section are defined elsewhere within this document.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at subscriptions@sosland.com or dpo@sosland.com.
Legally Compelled Disclosure
We may disclose information when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
Links and Banner Advertisements
Most of our websites contain links and banner advertisements that link our website to other third party websites. Third party websites may have privacy practices that differ from ours and users should consult those websites’ privacy policies. Please remember that when you use a link or banner advertisement to leave our website, our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use are no longer in effect. We have no control over the information that those linked websites collect from you or the manner in which they protect your personally identifiable information.
Child Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) Compliance
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C., §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R., §§ 312.1-312.12, the website does not permit children under 13 years of age to become users, and we do not intentionally collect information from children. By using the website, you represent that you are 13 years of age or older.
General
By choosing to use any of Sosland.com’s products and services, you signify your agreement to abide by these Private Policy and Terms of Use. Sosland reserves the right to change, modify, add or remove terms at any time. Your continued use of the website following changes to the terms will constitute acceptance of the changes.
If any of these rules or any future changes are unacceptable to you, you may unsubscribe at any time.
Copyright
The contents of Sosland.com are intended for your personal, noncommercial use. Content published on instoremag.net, including, but not limited to articles, charts, tables, data, photographs, images, illustrations, slideshows, audio clips and video clips, etc. (“Content”) are protected by copyright and owned or controlled by Sosland or the party credited as the provider of the Content. You shall abide by all additional copyright notices, information, or restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the website.
Content is protected by copyright pursuant to U.S. and international copyright laws. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce, create new works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content or the website (including software) in whole or in part.
You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the website for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein. Copying or storing of any Content for other than personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from Sosland or the copyright holder identified as the provider of the Content.
Disclaimer of Warranty
THE INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, OR SUBSCRIPTIONS OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THIS INCLUDES ANY LISTING OF ANY THIRD PARTY GOODS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS INCLUDED IN THE WEBSITE. ANY THIRD PARTY GOODS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS ARE SUPPLIED AS A CONVENIENCE TO YOU AND LISTING DOES NOT CONSTITUTE SPONSORSHIP, AFFILIATION, PARTNERSHIP, OR ENDORSEMENT. SOSLAND DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE LIABILITY OF SOSLAND WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF THE WEBSITE SHALL NOT EXCEED, IN THE AGGREGATE, THE NET TOTAL COST (EXCLUDING TAXES) FOR SUCH PRODUCTS OR SUBSCRIPTIONS PURCHASED BY YOU AND PAID TO SOSLAND.
IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THE WEBSITE, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON the User’s INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SOSLAND IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
USER INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Sosland harmless from any and all claims, demands, actions, liability, fines, penalties and expenses, whether based on warranty, contract, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, that may arise from any of your acts through the use of the website. Such acts may include but are not limited to submissions, unauthorized use of material obtained through the website or breach of this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Website Availability
Because public networks, such as the internet, occasionally experience disruptions, Sosland cannot guarantee the website will be available 100% of the time. Although Sosland strives to provide the most reliable website possible, interruptions and delays in accessing the website are unavoidable and Sosland disclaims any liability for damages resulting from such problems.
Controlling Law and Venue
It is understood and agreed that all the construction and interpretation of this Agreement and the relationship between the parties shall at all times and in all respects be governed by the internal laws of Missouri, without giving effect to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Venue of any action brought to enforce or relating to this Agreement or arising out of the relationship between the parties shall be brought exclusively in Jackson County, Missouri District Court or the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri.
Termination
You may terminate your account at any time by sending an e-mail to: subscriptions@sosland.com.
Sosland and Sosland.com may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Content or website for any reason, including, without limitation, breach or assignment of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You agree that breach of any of the terms in this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use may result in the immediate termination of your account and/or give rise to civil action against you. The disclaimers herein and all restrictions on you regarding information downloaded or obtained from the website shall survive any cancellation or termination of your right to use the website. Official correspondence must be sent via postal mail to:
Sosland Publishing Company
4801 Main St., Suite 650
Kansas City, MO 64112 USA
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at subscriptions@sosland.com.
Subscribe to Our MagazinesCurrent Issues
Popular Articles
Brynwood acquires Aryzta take-and-bake pizza business
Kind to acquire Nature’s Bakery
Elliott confirms offer to acquire Aryzta
Mondelez considering closing two US biscuit plants
Popular Galleries
Inside Main Street GourmetThe custom bakery uses modular equipment to keep production adaptable to customer needs.
What's new in foodNew bread, snacks and cereal boast the benefits of whole grains.
Sosland PublishingEditorial StaffMagazine SubscriptionsNewsletter SubscriptionsMedia KitContact Us©2020 SOSLAND PUBLISHING COMPANYPrivacy Policy & Terms Of UseDesign, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishingBakemag.comFoodbusinessnews.netPetfoodprocessing.netMeatpoultry.comPurchasingseminar.comSoslandesource.comSupermarketperimeter.comWorld-grain.com