http://www.wpp.com/terms-and-conditions
X
Search
Quick Links
Investors
Sustainability
Media
Careers
Featured
Pages
Press Releases
WPP iQ
Work
View profile
Visit website
Visit website
Terms & conditions
Conditions of use
By accessing this website you agree to be bound by these Terms & conditions (“terms”), please read them carefully. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms you should not access or view this website.
The information contained in this website is intended for general information purposes only. WPP has made all reasonable efforts to ensure that the information on this website is accurate at the time of inclusion, however there may be inaccuracies and occasional errors for which WPP apologises.
WPP makes no representations or warranties about the information provided through this website, including any hypertext links to any website or other items used either directly or indirectly from this website. WPP accepts no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and any decisions based on information contained in WPP’s websites are the sole responsibility of the visitor.
The information and images contained within this website are © Copyright WPP plc. We permit you to make copies of this website as necessary incidental acts during your viewing of it; and you may take a print for your personal use of so much of the site as is reasonable for private purposes. You may not frame this site nor link to a page other than the home page without our express permission in writing. Please note: the illustrations used in WPP’s Annual and Interim Reports and Corporate Responsibility Reports are subject to strict copyright arrangements and therefore should not be copied or reproduced in any form.
You shall not use this website for any illegal purposes and in particular agree that you shall not send, use, copy, post or allow any posting which is defamatory or obscene within the meaning of the Obscene Publications Act or which is abusive, indecent or in breach of the privacy of any person. You agree not to send any unsolicited promotional or advertising material, spam or similar materials or any volume messages that may interfere with the operation of this website or with the enjoyment of this website by other visitors.
WPP reserves the right at any time and without notice to enhance, modify, alter, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of this website and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
You hereby agree to indemnify WPP against any costs, claims, losses and damages (including legal fees) incurred by or awarded against WPP as a result of your misuse of this website or your breach of these terms.
If you are in breach of these terms or of WPP’s Privacy Policy WPP may as its option, suspend or block your access to this website and refuse to provide you with any further access to it.
This website is provided to you free of charge, and neither WPP nor any of its subsidiary or affiliated companies accept any liability to you (except in the case of personal injury or death caused by its negligence or for fraud or as required by law) whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, arising out of it in connection with this website. WPP accepts no liability for any direct, special, indirect or consequential damages, or any other damages of whatsoever kind resulting from whatever cause through the use of any information obtained either directly or indirectly from this website. Your sole remedy is to discontinue using this website.
These terms may be amended by WPP from time to time.
Your use of this website and downloads from it, and the operation of these terms & conditions, shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any dispute arising out of your use of this website.
In the event that any or any part of the terms contained in these terms & conditions shall be determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term shall to that extent be severed from the remaining terms which shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Financial Services
Certain statements provided through this website may be forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
No information contained in this website constitutes or would be deemed to constitute an invitation to invest or otherwise deal in the shares or ADRs of WPP plc or an invitation by or on behalf of WPP plc or any of its subsidiaries to enter into a contract with you. Please read our Financial Disclaimer in full.
Privacy Policy
WPP respects the privacy of visitors and users of this website, and will only collect personally identifiable data, such as your name or email address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. Please read our Privacy Policy in full.
References to
“WPP”,
“we”,
“us” and
“our” are references to WPP plc and its affiliates.
“WPP” is a trademark of WPP plc.
Please send any enquiries by email to enquiries@wpp.com.
WPP plc. Registered in Jersey. Registered Office: 13 Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1ES, registered number 111714.
Close message
Privacy Policy
We have updated our Privacy Notice for this website. Please
review our Privacy Policy.
Go to Privacy Policy
Use of cookies on WPP.com (US)This website uses cookies, some of which are necessary for the operation of the website and some of which are optional and designed to improve your experience. Using this tool will set a cookie to remember your preferences. You can review the cookies we use here. Save and close
Necessary cookies
These cookies are essential so that you can move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for cannot be provided.
Functional cookies
These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make, provide enhanced, more personal features and to help provide services you have requested, such as watching a video.
Performance cookies
These cookies help to improve the performance of WPP.com by collecting and reporting information about how you use the website.