http://www.wideworldofcars.com/privacy.htm?formType=rightToOptOut#privacyForm
Skip to main content
Wide World BMW
125 East Route 59
Directions
Spring Valley, NY 10977
New Sales: (877) 817-1952
Service: (877) 817-3953
Parts: 845-371-1422
Home
New
Visit Our Online Store
New BMW Inventory
New Vehicle Specials
Configure Your Own BMW
Lease and Finance Offers
Lease Returns
The All-New 4 Series
Virtual Test Drive
Test Drive
All New BMW X7
Showroom
Kelley Blue Book® Trade-In
Extended Vehicle Protection
Roadside Assistance
European Delivery
BMW i3 – Five Reasons
BMW Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicles
2 Series Gran Coupe
BMW Certified
Visit Our Online Store
BMW Certified
BMW Certified Offers
BMW Certified Overview
Certification
Test Drive
Kelley Blue Book® Trade-In
Pre-Owned
Visit Our Online Store
Pre-Owned Inventory
Under $20K
One Owner
Other Brand
Courtesy Vehicles
Courtesy Vehicle Specials
Pre-Owned Specials
SPECIALS
New Manager's Specials
Pre-Owned Vehicle Specials
BMW Certified Vehicle Specials
Current BMW Offers
BMW Military Incentive
Courtesy Vehicle Specials
Service Coupons
Parts Specials
FINANCE
Visit Our Online Store
BMW Credit Application
Lease & Finance Offers
Leasing vs. Buying
Finance Inquiry
Credit Application
Kelley Blue Book® Trade-In
SERVICE/PARTS
SERVICE/PARTS
Service Center
Schedule Service Appointment
Service Coupons
Maintenance Program Upgrade
Extended Vehicle Protection
BMW Value Service
Ultimate Service
Roadside Assistance
Ask A Tech
Parts
Tire Center
Tire Info
Cold Weather Wheels & Tires
Order BMW Accessories
Order BMW Performance Parts
Order BMW Lifestyle
Check Vehicle For Recalls
Airbag Recall
COLLISION
Collision Center
Collision Center Appointment
Certified Collision Repair Center
Cosmetic Repairs
DEALERSHIP
Hours and Location
About
Contact
Employment Opportunities
Meet the Staff
New Country Advantage Protection Programs
BMW M Certified Center
BMW Ratings & Reviews
Privacy
NEW COUNTRY MOTOR CAR GROUPDEALER PRIVACY POLICYEFFECTIVE DATEThis Privacy Policy is effective and was last updated on 06/14/19New Country Motor Car Group, Inc., together with the applicable dealer within its network of affiliated dealerships (together, "New Country," "we" or "Dealer") has created this Privacy Policy to describe our commitment to your privacy.  This policy describes how we collect, protect, use and share information about you in connection with this website (the "Site").  This Privacy Policy applies only to information obtained through the Site and does not apply to any other Dealer website or service.
Additional privacy laws and rules may apply to our collection of financial information from you when you provide us with information other than through this Site.  If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, you should not access or otherwise use this Site.  We also direct you to our Terms of Service, which governs your use of the Site.INFORMATION WE COLLECT1. Personally Identifying Information.We require the submission of certain personally identifiable information about you when you use the services available on our website. Our website uses a variety of contact forms and tracking phone numbers for visitors to request information, products, and services. We collect a visitor's contact information (like his or her email address or phone number) and in some cases, demographic information (like his or her zip code). In limited circumstances, such as when a visitor fills out an online credit application, we collect unique identifiers (like a social security number), and/or financial information (like age, income level, bank account or credit card numbers). We use this information to contact our prospective customers about their requests, and to send them additional information about our products and services.Once you have voluntarily provided personally identifiable information to us, we may associate that information with browser software known as "cookies" to help identify you.  Cookies are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer or other device by a website for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with a particular website.  Personally identifiable information received from you (such as IP address, phone number, email address, zip code, etc.) may be contained in or linked to a cookie. We may use cookies with personally identifiable information so that our website can uniquely recognize you, enhance your online visit with us, and provide you with the information you're most likely to need.  For instance, cookies allow our website to remind you of your past vehicle search interests and website activity and to suggest similar products and services. In some cases, cookies may improve your shopping experience and we use information gained through cookies to track your website activity and to deliver you content specific informationAny financial information we collect is used to check the qualifications of our prospective customers and bill for products and services ordered. If you apply for financing or wish to purchase or lease a car from us, we may collect personal information such as your name, address, driver's license number and state, social security number and other credit information. This information is stored in a secure database and is used solely to provide the service you requested. The collection, use and storage of your financial information for credit checks, for arranging credit and loans or for purchasing products and services may be subject to additional privacy policies and rules, and you may be notified and asked to consent to such policies at the time of any such collection, use or storage of your financial information as required by law.Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (like an email address or phone number) which they may voluntarily provide. We also may run contests on our website in which we ask visitors for similar contact information in order to participate. We use contact information from our surveys and contests to send information about products and services to these participating visitors.We will only collect your information when you voluntarily provide it to us.  You can always choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of the Site.2. Non-Personally Identifying Information.When you visit the Site, we may also collect from you certain information that does not identify you personally, such as your IP address, the pages you visited, your browser type, information regarding Site usage, and other data, which do not identify any individual personally.  When your computer or other device contacts our web servers (for example, when you visit the Site, view an HTML e-mail or download material from the Site), this web-based or browser information may be collected automatically.  We also may determine the applicable technology available to provide you with the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail or similar service.The Site may also use cookies to track anonymous data about your use of the Site.  We may use cookies to customize your visit to the Site and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service.  For example, we may use cookies to track usage patterns on the Site or to analyze web activity.  In addition to cookies, we and our website services providers may also use "image tags" or other tracking technologies to collect certain usage information from all customers and visitors to our website.  An "image tag," also known as a clear GIF, pixel tag, or web beacon, works together with cookies and is a small image file that may be located in various areas of our website.
We may use these technical methods to analyze traffic patterns on the Site, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of the Site and which pages they visit before or after accessing our Site.Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you have the option to change your browser setting to decline them.  You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or other device or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences.  If you do so, you may still use the Site, but you may not have access to certain of the Site's features or be able to retrieve information about your previous visits to the Site.   HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe use information you share with us to: (i) inform you about our products and services and changes affecting our products and services, which may include offers from us, our affiliated companies or manufacturers and marketing partners, (ii) deliver the products or services you request, (iii) improve and enhance the Site and (iv) better understand your preferences, and (v) aggregate your information with other analytics we obtain about you to deliver products and services of interest. When you provide us your telephone and/or mobile telephone number, you will be required to expressly authorize us to contact you by that telephone number.  If the number you provide is for a mobile telephone, you expressly authorize us to send you text messages.  Please be advised that your wireless carrier may charge you for the receipt of such messages, and other charges may apply.  If you do not wish to receive such messages, you should not provide us with your mobile telephone number.  In addition, you may opt-out of receiving such messages by following the opt-out procedures below.  In addition, we may combine information about your visits or interactions with our Site, our other websites, and our online advertising with information you have directly provided us or will provide us during the provision of our services, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, mobile telephone number and date of birth. From time to time, we may use and share information we collect about you with third parties to show general demographic and preference information among users of the Site.  In these circumstances, the shared information will neither contain nor be linked to any specific personally identifiable information.  If you choose, you can opt out of this information sharing and aggregation using the procedures described in "Opting Out with Third Parties."    Only in the following circumstances will we disclose your information to any third party who is not affiliated with, a business partner of or a sponsor of Dealer without your express consent:  (i) in connection with the sale or merger of Dealer, (ii) as required by courts or administrative agencies including in response to a court order or subpoena, and (iii) to the extent required to permit us to investigate and pursue cases of suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Site rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or any other suspected conduct we deem improper.OPTING OUT OF INFORMATION SHARINGIf you wish for us to remove your information from our active records, please email us at ______@newcountry.com with the word "Unsubscribe" in the subject field and the name of the dealership.  Please be aware that we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.  You should also be aware that we are not responsible for removing your information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this policy, such as a business partner.  In addition, your ability to opt-out from receiving marketing and promotional material does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of the Site or changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use statement or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of the Site.OPTING OUT WITH THIRD PARTIESYou can elect to opt out of marketing efforts from many third party advertisers by going directly to their websites, by clicking on the Digital Advertising Alliance's blue triangular icon located at or near the bottom of the applicable website (including the bottom of this Site page) and/or by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices/.  These industry alliances make opting out of receiving Interest Based Advertising easier by providing a single location to opt out of ad- targeting from member companies.  Please note that you must repeat the opt-out process to reset your preferences if you clear your browser's cookies or use a different browser.  When you opt out of Internet Based Advertising, you will also be opted out of the information sharing and aggregation described above.  Opting out does not mean that we or any third party advertisers will no longer collect information; however, so long as the opt out cookie is on your browser, it does mean that the third party advertisers from whom you have opted out will not display advertisements to you which are tailored to your apparent interests using information collected through cookies and other tracking tools facilitated by our website or the applicable third party advertiser.  In addition, you can modify the security settings on your computer or other device and reset your browser to approve or reject cookies on a case-by-case basis, block cookies from certain sites, or even refuse all cookies.  Similarly, you can disable pixel tags by changing your browser settings to omit images and disable JavaScript, or use commercial software packages that can omit pixel tags and most advertisements.  However, if you "turn off," purge or disable cookies or pixel tags, you may not be able to use all of the features, functions or services available on the Site.SECURITYThe security of your information is very important to us. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect, including limiting access to the personal information contained on our servers. Only those employees who need access to your information to perform their duties are authorized to have access to your personal information.  However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on the Site or our servers, will be completely free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers, and your use of the Site is at your own risk.  We also recommend that you keep your information safe by, for example, memorizing your password or securing it in a safe place (separate from your account information), and logging out of your user account and closing your web browser once you leave the Site.CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSUREDo Not Track ("DNT") is a privacy setting in your web browsers that enables you to opt out of tracking by websites and online services.  When you activate DNT, the browser will send a message requesting that the website or online service not track you.  Currently, our Site does not recognize DNT signals.  Instead, information collection and sharing practices, as well as the choices we provide you, will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy, regardless of whether a DNT signal is received.  For more information about DNT, see http://donottrack.us/.NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS / YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTSCalifornia residents are entitled to request and obtain certain information from us regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2019 will receive information about 2018 information sharing activities).  As set forth here, we comply with this law by offering our visitors the ability to tell us not to share their personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please follow the instructions in the section titled "Opting Out of Information Sharing."  LINKS TO AND FROM OTHER WEBSITESThe Site may contain links to other websites not maintained by us, and other websites may reference or link to the Site.  These other websites may set their own cookies, collect data, solicit your information, and/or have their own privacy policies.  We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy policies and terms and conditions of each and every website you visit.  We are not responsible for the practices or the content of other such websites, expressly disclaim any statements or assertions made on such websites, including without limitation, any failure on the part of any linked websites to comply with any privacy policy posted on the website, and disclaim all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, other such sites.CHILDRENThe Site is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children who are under the age of 13.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us through the Site.Consent to TransferThe Site is maintained in the United States of America.  If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States.  By using the Site, participating in any of our services, and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.ACCEPTANCE OF AND CHANGES TO THIS POLICYBy visiting the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right to change, modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you.  We will post any changes to the Privacy Policy here, so be sure to visit this page often.  If at any time in the future we plan to use your personal information in a way that differs from this policy, we will inform you here and provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses.  Your continued use of the Site after we post changes to this Privacy Policy means that you accept such changes.  CONTACT USIf you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at:New Country Motor Car Group, Inc.358 Broadway, Suite 403Saratoga Springs, NY 12866ATTN:  Compliance Officer(518) 584-7700
Your California Privacy Rights This PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS supplements the information contained herein and applies solely to consumers who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Opt-Out of Personal Information Sales You have the right to request that we discontinue selling any of the personal information that we collected about you, subject to certain exceptions in the CCPA. Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected about you and retained, subject to certain exceptions in the CCPA. Non-Discrimination Rights We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, provide you a different level or quality of goods or services, or suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion RightsYou may exercise your access, data portability, and deletion rights described above by either:Calling usCompleting and submitting the form below
Privacy
Options*
Please Select
I want to know what you know about me
I want to opt-out of the sale of my data
I want my information deleted
First Name*
Last Name*
Email*
Phone*
Address*
Postal Code*
Region*
Select State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming
Guam
Puerto Rico
Submit
Related Links
About
Directions
Contact
Contact
Wide World BMW
125 East Route 59
Directions
Spring Valley, NY 10977
New Sales: (877) 817-1952
Service: 845-425-2600
Parts: 845-425-2600
Hours
Monday 9am-8pm
Tuesday 9am-8pm
Wednesday 9am-8pm
Thursday 9am-8pm
Friday 9am-6pm
Saturday 9am-5pm
Sunday Online Showroom Open
Select a Series
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
M
X1
X3
X4
X5
X6
X7
Z
BMWi
View All
Inventory
New Vehicles
Pre-Owned Vehicles
BMW Certified
Featured Vehicles
Finance
Finance Center
Finance Application
Trade-In Appraisal
SERVICE/PARTS
Service Specials
Parts Specials
Order Parts and Accessories
Schedule Service
A New Country Motor Car Dealership
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Privacy
bmwusa.com
Website by Dealer.com
AdChoices
Facebook
Instagram
;
;
;