https://www.jasper-inc.com/privacy-policy/
Navigation
Products
Farm and Ranch
Orchard and Vineyard
Decorative Wood and Rail Fencing
Tree Stakes and Landscaping
Benefits
Quality
Selection
Price
Personal Service
Request a Quote
About Us
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.jasper-inc.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about new product offerings, company information, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-800-238-6540 or send us an email at sales@jasper-inc.com.
Call 1-800-238-6540 for a quote Please feel free to give us a call at 1-800-238-6540, or drop us an email at sales@jasper-inc.com, with any questions you might have or just to discuss how we can help grow your business.
Producer and distributor of high-quality lodgepole pine products for agriculture, industry and home.
Contact Us Phone: 1-800-238-6540
Email: sales@jasper-inc.com
Mailing address:
P.O. Box 102
Chattaroy, WA 99003
Pages Home |
Products | Benefits | Request a Quote | About Us | Privacy Policy | Sitemap
© 2014 Jasper Enterprises