http://www.amtraders.com/privacy.htm
Shopping Cart
Home
Canoes
Paddles & Oars
Winter Products
Canoe Furniture
Cedar Log Furniture
Home Furnishings
Axes & Wool
About Us & Info
Wooden Canoe List
Composite Canoe List
Kevlar & Carbon
Used & Ex-Demo
Collectors Canoes
Prices & Catalogs
Canoes by Application
Picture Gallery
Testimonials
Canoe Launch Sites
Parts & Accessories
Sporting & Recreation
Tripping & Touring
Solo & Freestyle
Square Stern
Accessories List
Canoe Covers
Solid Wood Paddles
Laminated Paddles
Oars
Toboggans
Snowshoes
Choosing Snowshoes
Full Hide
Decorative
Bindings
Aluminium
Hybrid
Childrens
Display Canoes
Canoe Bookcases
Coffee Tables
Log Swings
Log Seating
Log Dining
Adirondack Seating
Rustic Price List
Rustic Accessories
Decorative Pillows
Lighting
Gift Items
Rugs
Rustic Rugs
Wool Rugs
Canoe Rugs
Gransfors-Bruks Axes
Autumnwood
Packs & Baskets
Woolpower Warm Wear
[NEW] LITE Weight
200 Weight
400/600 Weight
Flame Resistant
Socks
Hats & Mittens
Discontinued Colors
Add To Mail List
Contact Us
Industry Links
Information Center
Price Lists
AT Facebook
Retail Store
Privacy Policy
Warranties & Returns
257 Marlboro Rd
Brattleboro, VT 05301
Phone.802.254.1300
Fax.802.254.1380
Toll free.888.723.3779
CALL US NOW 888.723.3779Call us Toll Free forOrders & Customer Service
Keep in Touch!Sign up forTrader's E-UpdateStay informed about new products, special offers and events
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
*
Last Name
*
Interest
Canoes
Furnishings
Contact us
at info@amtraders.com
Website contents copyright ©2018 American Traders
Our Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read the policy 				before using the web site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.  We reserve 			the right to make changes to the policy and practices at any time, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going 			forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy periodically to make sure you understand how any personal information you provide will be
used. The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. It may be possible to link to other web sites from this site that have different
privacy policies.
Collection of Information
We collect personal identifiable information, such as names, postal addresses, email addresses, and phone numbers, when submitted voluntarily by v				visitors to our web site. The information you provide is used to fulfill a specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you
give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to a mailing list.
Distribution of Information
American Traders will not give or sell your contact information to anyone.  We may use your information to contact you by mail or e-mail. All e-			mails and newsletters from this web site will allow you to opt out of further mailings. We may share information with 	governmental agencies or other companies 	assisting 			us in the investigation or prevention of fraud. We will only do so when, permitted or required by law. For trying to protect against unauthorized transactions or prevent 			actual or potential fraud, or investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these institutions for marketing purposes.
Tracking Technology
The web site may use cookies or tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering 				information such as browser type and operating system, understanding how visitors use the site and how many people visit the site. Cookies can also help us customize the 			site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable 				information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and 				confidential) have access to this information.
Privacy Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-Mail: info@amtraders.com
By Phone: (802) 254-1300
American Traders - CANADIAN TRIPPER
The Kevlar Canadian Tripper. Length 17'4" and weighing in at a
mere 42lbs. E-fused epoxy Kevlar layup . This model takes it's elegant lines
from the Atkinson Traveler and is the ultimate tripping canoe. Wood
trim, contoured seats, and deep-dish yoke are all standard. Also
available PROSPECTOR 15' & 16'6' Kevlar
E-fusion models and the SPIRIT 16 Recreation canoe. We would
like to get lots of these canoes out on the water, so please call
for availability.
CALL US 888-723-3779