http://www.sfc-uk.com/pages/privacy-and-security
Privacy Policy
As a provider of services to financial institutions and investors, Swiss Finance Corporation must obtain certain information from you. However, Swiss Finance Corporation is determined to provide the highest levels of security and privacy, and thus has created the following policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
Swiss Finance Corporation may require specific personal information to be entered, be it during registration for the service or as part of promotional feature. The information you disclose aids us in servicing you better, providing you with services you have requested, and to inform you of any additional Swiss Finance Corporation services that you may benefit from.
Swiss Finance Corporation does not sell or disclose this personal information to third parties. At no time will the information you disclose be used for any purpose other than to help Swiss Finance Corporation provide better services to you. No personal information that you supply will ever be passed or sold to any third party without your explicit consent, and only as a way to extend Swiss Finance Corporation’s services to you.
By registering to the Swiss Finance Corporation website or any of its services, we will consider you as having accepted the privacy terms of our policy.
Swiss Finance Corporation requires that you include a valid email address when you subscribe to any of Swiss Finance Corporation’s services. This address will not be distributed to any third party and will be used solely by Swiss Finance Corporation, and only for the following reasons:
• For billing purposes (where applicable);
• To send you official notices, statements, and information;
• To inform you of additional Swiss Finance Corporation services, as well as for promotional purposes.
The Swiss Finance Corporation web site does not collect personal information about you, except in the form of “Cookies”. These “Cookies” are used to track users within the site, allowing us to provide you with the services attached to each page of the site you visit. Swiss Finance Corporation does not use these “Cookies” to track you outside of the Swiss Finance Corporation website, thus leaving your Internet browsing and PC information completely obscure to us. “Cookies” are also used to save you the trouble of re-entering your username in each secure page of the Swiss Finance Corporation website. For those users who do not wish to receive this added advantage of Swiss Finance Corporation, the use of “Cookies” on your browser may be disabled. Swiss Finance Corporation does not store any sensitive information regarding you in the Cookies, removing the possibility of others capturing such data as your email address, telephone number, and credit card information.
Swiss Finance Corporation provides several links to third party websites that you can access via our website. Although these are trusted sites, Swiss Finance Corporation makes no guarantees as to the security and/or privacy of these sites. Swiss Finance Corporation assumes no responsibility or liability for these sites, and thus they are not covered as part of our privacy policy.
Are you better off?
Position yourself smartly and improve your access to a top quality Foreign Exchange trading environment where your interests run parallel to those of your FX service provider.
The easiest way to request access to us is through our contact form and we will get in touch with you quickly, but if you would like to call or email us, please use the details below:
General: + 44 20 7412 0500
Fax: + 44 20 7412 0026
Our contact email addresses:
contact@sfc-uk.com
efxsales@sfc-uk.com
Reuters Dealing: SABX
Start trading with SFC
If you wish to open an account with Swiss Finance Corporation, please request the required account form by using the contact form. Contact us
Connect with Us
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter