http://www.flexocleaners.com/privacy.aspx
Name
Email
Phone
Company
Country
We will contact you within 24 hours
Anilox Roll Cleaners, Flexo Plate Cleaners,
Anilox Roll Brushes and Flexographic Ink Cleaning Supplies
Login
$0.00
Items:
0
View Cart
Register
No User Logged In
888-Flexocleaners (888-353-9625)
215-716-3245 Outside USA
e-mail us
Flexo Ink
Cleaners
Flexo Cleaning
Supplies
FlexoSample Kit
Home
Company Info
MSDS Sheets
Flexo Resources
Sustainability / Social Responsibility
Flexo/EPA Awards
Friday December 11, 2020
Name
Email
Phone
Company
Country
We will contact you within 24 hours
Our Mission is to provide the entire
flexographic industry with
chemically superior,
flexo ink cleaners
while responsibly protecting and preserving
it's community with ecologically safe products.
Search
Easily Find All of our FlexoCleaning Products!
Get a Sample
Covid 19 Supplies
Wipes
Flexo Ink Cleaners
Anilox Roll Cleaners
Press Cleaners
Hand Cleaners
Solvent Substitutes
Adhesive Removers
Plate Cleaners
Degreasers
Flexo Cleaning Supplies
Anilox Roll Brushes
Plate Cleaning Brushes
Wipes Rags Gloves and Sponges
Anilox Scopes
E-mail NewsLetter
FREE Flexo Industry News, Tips and $ Saving Offers. Sign Up
Today!
FlexoCleaners
>
Privacy Policy
General Information
Our website security is unmatched anywhere on the Internet. Your name, your personal
information and especially your credit card number are NEVER stored on the Internet
with our system. Once you type your information, it is sent instantly and encrypted
directly with our order processing system, which is on a server separate from the
internet. We employ the latest 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the
site which require you to provide your personal or account information. These include
online ordering, order status, catalog request, newsletters and sweepstakes forms.
This is done to protect you from unauthorized use of the information you are sending
to our server
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the privacy policy for all websites operated by FlexoCleaners.com
Inc., including www.flexocleaners.com, www.flexocleaner.com,
www.slimebuster.com
Contact Information
Our postal address is:
FlexoCleaners.com
40 Saw Grass Drive
Bellport NY 11713, USA
You can e-mail us at
customerservice@flexocleaners.com or reach us by telephone at 888-FlexoCleaners
(353-9625)
General Information
For almost 15 years, FlexoCleaners.com has developed relationships
with our customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware of the trust
and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with information.
The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence to the practices
you'll find common to the best websites online. We promise that we will treat your
information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout
our company's history.
We will never share your e-mail address, phone number or credit card information
with any unrelated third-parties except as necessary to fulfill transactions that you
initiate.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please call us toll-free
at 1-888-FlexoCleaners (353-9625); e-mail us at
customerservice@flexocleaners.com; or send a letter to: FlexoCleaners.com
Privacy Officer, 40 Saw Grass Drive, Bellport NY 11713
FlexoCleaners.com Privacy Notice
By visiting the FlexoCleaners.com website you agree to accept the practices described
in this Privacy Notice.
Changes to this Privacy Notice, Conditions of Use and Notices:
This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use will change over time and
the use of information which we gather now is subject to these Notices and Terms
as modified. Please check this page periodically as you continue to use our site
to see if any changes have been made. This privacy notice was most recently changed
on May 22, 2008. If you visit our website your visit and any dispute over privacy
is subject to this Notice and our Legal Notices, including the application of the
laws of the State of New York.
Children:
FlexoCleaners.com does not sell products to persons under the age
of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the approval of your
parent or guardian to purchase products from this site.
Personal Information Collected by FlexoCleaners.com:
FlexoCleaners.com uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize
and improve your visit at FlexoCleaners.com. We gather the following types of information
:
Information you give us:
FlexoCleaners.com collects any information which you enter on our website. This
information is normally provided when you search, buy, participate in a contest,
newsletter offering or on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments
such as customer service, sales or technical services through our website, telephone,
mail or fax. You also provide information when you establish an account with us.
Examples of the type of information you may supply us with includes your name, address,
telephone number, credit card information, e-mail addresses and financial information
such as your Social Security number. In some instances, we ask you for other people’s
names and e-mail addresses for the sole purpose of fulfilling your specific request
to e-mail certain specific information as part of our e-mail a friend feature.
Orders:
If you place an order we use a secure order form which requires you to
provide contact, billing and financial information. This information is transmitted
to your credit card company to authorize your purchase. At certain times we may
offer financing options with or without third-party participation. If you use a
financing option, information provided by you (such as your address, birth date,
social security number, and credit card number) may be used to request a credit
report from third-parties or may be sent to a third-party for processing. You will
always be informed of this at the time you select any available financing option.
All information obtained from you in the course of transacting orders is used for
the purpose of fulfilling your order in a timely manner and for communicating the
status of your order with you. Additionally, upon placing an order, you will begin
receiving both the FlexoCleaners.com catalog and the FlexoCleaners.com e-mail newsletter.
E-mail Newsletter Subscription:
If you request an e-mail newsletter subscription or enter a FlexoCleaners.com sponsored
sweepstakes, we employ a double opt-in subscription program. Upon registration,
you will receive a confirmation e-mail to the e-mail address you gave us with a link
contained within it or instructions for completing the subscription process. You
will not be fully subscribed to the newsletter until you click through the link
in the e-mail we sent you or otherwise follow the instructions contained therein.
In order to make our e-mails more relevant and useful to you, our servers may receive
a confirmation when you open e-mail from FlexoCleaners.com.
Sharing of Information with Third-Parties:
Independent Contractors:
We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such
as analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance or consulting
services. These third-parties will have access to the information needed to perform
their functions but cannot use that information for any other purpose. Any 3rd parties
who use our data will be fully bound by this privacy policy. In no event will the
data being used by any unrelated third-party include your e-mail address.
Orders:
We will never share any telephone number(s), e-mail addresses or credit card information
which you have given us with any marketing partner(s) or any unrelated 3rd party.
We may, however, share your name and postal mailing address with a few carefully
selected marketing partners. You may opt-out of sharing this information at any
time by calling our customer service department at 888-353-9625.
Aggregate Information:
We provide aggregate information to some of our business partners. This information
does not allow them to identify you individually in any way.
Credit Card Companies and Shippers:
When you buy something from us we send your credit card information, name, billing
address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to verify and
authorize the purchase. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must
be provided to third-party shippers such as UPS, Federal Express and the United
States Postal Service to deliver your purchase. There also may be instances in which
we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers.
These drop-shippers are only given your name, postal address, and telephone number
for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order.
Third-Party Transaction-Level Data:
If you visit our site from a third-party site the third-party site may be able to
access select information from your individual transaction information. In order
to track and credit your transaction the third-party site may give you a unique
code, cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you. This will only happen
if you link directly from a third-party site to our website. Any transactions made
at our website while such a code is active will be reported back to the third-party
site. We will only report non-personal information to these sites such as the date
of the transaction, the product(s) purchased and the amount spent. We will not report
any information to these third-party sites that will allow them to personally identify
you and will never share your e-mail address with any 3rd party. The presence of
a 3rd party navigation bar atop our site is an indication that the third-party site
may be able to see your activity on our site.
Link to Third-Party Site:
Our website contains certain links to third-party sites, such as our vendors and
industry colleagues and associates. FlexoCleaners.com is not responsible or liable
for the privacy practices or content found on these sites. We suggest that you check
the Privacy Notice of each site you visit.
Catalog Requests:
When you request a catalog from FlexoCleaners.com we share your
name and postal address with a 3rd party fulfillment company for the sole purpose
of sending you the requested catalog. This 3rd party does not store the information
nor does it use this information for anything other than its intended purpose.
Information about Third-Parties:
FlexoCleaners.com maintains relationships with other websites that
operate as its affiliates, however, FlexoCleaners.com has no control over their
activities. FlexoCleaners.com will immediately cease doing business with any affiliate
that abuses the terms of the affiliate agreement. This includes, but is not limited
to: spam, trademark infringement, predatory means of attracting visitors or unlawful
activities. To report abuse by an affiliate, please contact our Affiliate Manager
at 631-345-5222 or e-mail : affiliates@FlexoCleaners.com.
Law Enforcement and Protection of Users:
We will release personally identifiable information to third-parties
and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with
the law. We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, comply
with court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users or
when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/or credit risk reduction.
Security:
We employ the latest 128-bit encryption technology in all areas
of the site which require you to provide your personal or account information, including
online ordering, order status, catalog request and most contest forms. Your name,
your personal information and especially your credit card number are safely stored
in our proprietary systems behind our firewall. Once you type your personal information,
it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our order processing system which is
on a server separate from our internet server. To make sure you have the latest
security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version
of your favorite browser, which should have full SSL support.
SSL Data Encryption:
Our FlexoCleaners.com website is registered with site identification
authorities to enable your browser to confirm our security identity before any transmission
is sent. With this technology, the identity of our site is automatically confirmed
behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any customer information requested
to complete an online order and ensures that your data reaches your intended target
or your browser notifies you (prior to your sending any personal information) that
the potential receiving site looks suspicious and should be avoided. Security Guarantee:
if you are using a security-enabled browser (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer
version 2.1 or greater, or Netscape Navigator version 2.0 or greater), the information
you send us regarding your purchase is encrypted, making it extremely difficult
to read even if it is wrongly intercepted. At FlexoCleaners.com, we utilize industry-standard
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of: potentially
sensitive information such as your name and address and other critically sensitive
information like your credit card number. Standing behind our security technology,
we also provide our website Security Guarantee, further ensuring that you are protected
every time you buy online with us. For more details, take a look at this guarantee.
Home
Company Info
MSDS Sheets
Flexo Resources
Sustainability / Social Responsibility
Flexo/EPA Awards
16 Sawgrass Drive Bellport, NY 11713 USA | sales@flexocleaners.com
Toll Free: 1.888.FlexoCleaners
(888.353.9625) | Outside USA: 215.716.3245 | Fax: 631.803.4418
© 2009 FlexoCleaners.com
Privacy Policy |
Terms & Conditions |
Site Map |
Bookmark this Page
Covid 19 Supplies
Wipes
Flexo Ink Cleaners
Anilox Roll Cleaners, Press Cleaners, Hand Cleaners, Solvent Substitutes, Adhesive Removers, Plate Cleaners, Degreasers
Flexo Cleaning Supplies
Anilox Roll Brushes, Plate Cleaning Brushes, Wipes Rags Gloves and Sponges, Anilox Scopes