https://www.sitelmk3.it/en/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy | Sitel Mk3
(+39) 036237081
sales@mk3.it
en
Menu
Products
Dot Peen and micropercussion marking
Data Matrix Readers
Laser marking
Company
Services
Applications
Headquarters
Contacts
itende
Privacy policy
Privacy policy Sitel MK3
This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. This disclaimer explains how to use cookies and may be changed from time to time, without notice. To be certain to star using this site with complete and updated information about our use of cookies we encourage you to check this page. By using this site you accept the placement of cookies on your computer in accordance with the terms of this disclaimer. If you do not want to accept cookies from this site, please, or disable cookies or abstain from the use of this site.
1. What are cookies?
A cookie is a string composed only of text that a website transfers to the appropriate browser files on the hard drive of your computer so that the site can store some information about you. This is the case, for example, the pages viewed, the choices made in the menus, and any information that may be typed in forms time and day of the connection to the site. By themselves cookies can not be used to identify a user.
2. Types of cookies
There are two types of cookies:
Session cookies: these are temporary cookies that expire at the end of a browser session, that is, when you leave the site. The session cookies allow the website to recognize you as you move between pages during a browser session and allow you to use your Web site more efficiently. For example, session cookies help a website to remember that a user has placed the articles in an online shopping cart.
Persistent cookies: unlike the session cookies, persistent cookies are stored on your computer even after the navigation sessions and stored until the expiration or cancellation. They then allow to “recognize” the site on your return and remember your preferences and customizations.
In addition to the session cookies and persistent cookies, there may be other cookies set by the Web site that you have chosen to visit, in order to provide information to us or to third parties.
3. Our use of cookies
Currently we use, and we could use in the future, the following types of cookies on this website.
We use session cookies to: Help us to maintain security and ensure your details to improve your experience on our site.
We use persistent cookies to:
Help us recognize you as a unique user when you return to our Web site, so you do not have to re-enter your data and improve the site’s usability.
Remind us how you customized the use of this site, such as language, preferred currency, time zone, etc..
Collect and compile anonymous, aggregated for statistical and evaluation purposes to help us understand how users use the site and help us improve the structure of our Web site.
Many cookies are designed to give optimum web usage. For example, we use cookies to enable you to improve your user experience when you use our site (for example, recognizes a cookie if your browser supports a specific technological capabilities). This helps, for example, the web pages load faster when you require the large file download.
We also use cookies that collect information that is sent to a third example of this is Google Analytics (for more detail go to: Google Privacy Policy – Opt Out), or the buttons to share our content on major social networks: in this case cookies generated belong to the Social Network selected from time to time.
Please consult the third-party Web site for more information about their use of cookies.
As with the primary cookies, you can block third-party cookies via your browser settings.
Some of our cookies may collect and store personal information, such as your name or email address. We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and ensure that all personal information collected by us will be kept and treated in accordance with the privacy policy.
4. Refusal of cookies on this site
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. However, you have the option to disable cookies if you wish, in general changing the navigation settings of your browser. It may also be possible to configure your browser settings to enable acceptance of specific cookies or to notify you each time a new cookie is about to be stored on your computer. This allows you to decide whether to accept or decline cookies. To manage the use of cookies, there are various resources available, such as sectional.
Contacts
Address:Via Parma, 16 - Varedo (MB), Italia
Phone:(+39) 0362 37081
Fax:(+ 39) 0362.366818
E-mail:sales@mk3.it
SITELMK3 s.r.l.
Iscr. Uff. Imp. Milano – n° REA 1628178 – P.IVA/C.F. 13197010153 – Cap. Soc. € 98.000 i.v.
>
Dot Peen and micropercussion marking
>
Laser marking
>
Data Matrix Readers
Credits
Privacy Policy
SITELMK3 s.r.l.
Iscr. Uff. Imp. Milano – n° REA 1628178 – P.IVA/C.F. 13197010153 – Cap. Soc. € 98.000 i.v.
Credits | Privacy Policy
"Questo sito o gli strumenti terzi da questo utilizzati si avvalgono di cookie necessari al funzionamento ed utili alle finalit\u00e0 illustrate nella cookie policy. Se vuoi saperne di pi\u00f9 o negare il consenso a tutti o ad alcuni cookie, consulta la cookie policy. Chiudendo questo banner, scorrendo questa pagina, cliccando su un link o proseguendo la navigazione in altra maniera, acconsenti all\u2019uso dei cookie."Maggiori Informazioni