https://www.hmcragg.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy2020-11-25T09:12:09-06:00
Welcome to our website. You are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the site to ensure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Information About You
When you visit our site, you may share information with us using internet technology (such as cookies), through forms on this site (such as a contact form) and by other means. This Privacy Policy explains how we use the personal information we collect on our website. Please read this policy, and if you have questions, know that we welcome your inquiry. By using our website, you accept the practices described on this page and in our Terms and Conditions.
Information Collection
Information will be collected via your use of our services as well as what you provide to us. When you visit our website, certain information is automatically collected about your device, which may include information about your web browser, IP address and similar information. This data may include cookies and similar technology. This data will be used both to improve our website and your interaction with it. Aggregate tracking data may be shared with other parties as part of this process. We may also collect your information as it is shared via forms and other interactive elements, both to contact you and to process your requests or transactions.
Information Sharing, Use and Retention
We may be required to share information with governmental agencies or other companies during such activities as fraud prevention or investigation. Our interest in sharing information may also extend to an attempt to fulfill your request when you share contact information or make an inquiry. An example of this is a request to join a newsletter distribution – your contact information would be used to forward information to you via our third-party email communications provider. We will only share information in support of your requests and in compliance with appropriate regulations, services and providers. We will maintain information either until it is no longer needed for communications or processing, or until you request that it be changed or deleted.
Information Access and Editing
You may request a copy of the personal information we maintain about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us directly.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We will regularly review our Privacy Policy to comply with current regulation, best practices, and the best interest of our customers. We will make changes to our practices and post changes to this Privacy Policy page as needed.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices or if you have questions, you may read our Terms and Conditions or contact us directly at any time. Please allow for a response during our typical business hours. Contact HM Cragg: Contact Us via Email.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
About HM Cragg HM Cragg has been providing quality backup power solutions since 1968 as a manufacturer’s representative and distributor of uninterruptible power systems, generators, power electronics, backup battery applications, and other complementary products. Headquartered in Edina, MN, we maintain a national presence with, four distribution centers (Minnesota, Virginia, Texas and Nevada), and sales personnel located across the country.
As an employee-owned company, our “owners” represent the values of the company – honesty, trust, integrity, ethics, and knowledge.
This translates into a customer experience that’s a “WOW" or we make it right!
Go to Top