http://www.flexfit-headwear.com/terms-of-use/
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.TERMS OF WEBSITE USEWe may collect and process the following data about you:Information you give us. You may give us information about you by filling in forms on this Site or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you search for a product, register for our monthly newsletter and when you report a problem with the Site. The information you give us may include your first and last name, the business entity which you represent, address, e-mail address and phone number.Information we collect about you. With regard to each of your visits to the Site we may automatically collect the following information:technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from the Site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.USES MADE OF THE INFORMATIONWe use information held about you in the following ways:Information you give to us. We will use this information:to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;to resolve any dispute arising from any contract entered into between you and us and to enforce such contracts if required (including the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy);If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (email or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale or negotiations of a sale to you;to notify you about changes to our service;to ensure that content from the Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;to comply with any applicable law or legislation or to cooperate with any law enforcement activities including, but not limited to, auditing (or allowing a trusted third party to audit) user accounts for suspected fraudulent activity; to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.Information we collect about you. We will use this information:to administer the Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;to improve the Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;as part of our efforts to keep the Site safe and secure;Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive)DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe may share your personal information with any affiliated companies.We may share your information with selected third parties including:Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you.Advertisers and advertising networks including, but not limited to, for the purposes of targeted marketing on social media sites. Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Site. We may disclose your personal information to third parties:We may disclose your personal information to third parties:In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.If Flexfit Headwear (EMEI) Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or terms and conditions of supplyand other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Flexfit Headwear (EMEI) Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATAThe data that we collect from you is unlikely to, but may, be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we do not store the data within our hosting capabilities in order to minimise the risk to such data and to prevent unauthorised access.CHILDRENMinors (those under the age of 18) may not use the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18, and no part of the website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. Because we do not intentionally collect any 4 information from children under the age of 18, we also do not knowingly share or disclose such information to third parties. If you have reason to believe that a child under 18 years of age has provided us with information, please contact us at admin@flexfit-headwear.com and we will take appropriate action under applicable law.YOUR RIGHTSYou have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at 29 -31 Castle Street, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire HP13 6RU England.The Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.ACCESS TO INFORMATIONThe Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYAny changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.CONTACTQuestions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to 29 -31 Castle Street, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire HP13 6RU England.