https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/retail/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
solutions for retailers
We help you acquire and retain profitable new customers
Data Axle brings together accurate, comprehensive data, deep channel expertise, and robust tools, to help retailers deliver personalized and frictionless marketing experiences to their high-value prospects and existing customers.
Contact us
Drive growth with zero, first, second, and third-party data
Data-driven marketing strategies are key to remaining competitive in a changing retail landscape. They’re also instrumental in providing the personalized experiences today’s shoppers have come to expect. Using Data Axle’s consumer data along with the first party-data they are already collecting, retailers can gain powerful insights about their audience and use them to drive growth, build better experiences, deepen relationships, and stay ahead of the competition.
Tap into consumer data
Flexible master data management
Our database solutions are designed for maximum interoperability with traditional and emerging marketing channels. We know that building a flexible solution that can collect and analyze data across channels and integrate with any new technology, are essential to our retail clients’ ability to remain adaptable and capitalize on new opportunities.
Learn more
Hear what our clients are saying
Full agency support to master predictive marketing
We live in a predictive world, where many of the apps we use and experiences we have each day are designed to be data collection machines. Our agency team is filled with innovative problem solvers, with a wealth of experience in helping some of the world’s best retailers with their data management, analytics, consulting, creative, and execution needs.
Learn more
End-to-end campaign execution for worry-free program implementation
Our team of technologists and campaign managers can take your campaigns from initial campaign build, setup, and testing, through seamless deployment and measurement. Whether it’s email production, display advertising, print production, or insert media, our team of channel and platform experts can execute seamlessly and track KPIs to continually improve performance.
Learn more
"The retail industry has faced many challenges over the past several years and it has been a rewarding experience to partner with those clients to develop unique strategies for their brands. My team supports some of the largest apparel and consumer tech companies in the US and it’s been a privilege to help them understand their customers’ makeup and behaviors so that together, we can create highly personalized experiences that drive loyalty and increase lifetime value.
"
Maureen Gorman
Account Director, Data Axle Enterprise Accounts
Talk with us about how we can help your retail business
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.
Recommended content
webinar
Predictive marketing: a framework to recovery in a COVID-19 world
Learn about the benefits of predictive marketing and how it can shape planning for recovery for three key industries – health insurance, banking, and retail.
View webinar
case study
How Lands' End grew revenue per email by 28%
With Data Axle, Land’s End advanced their customer-centric mission through innovative, data-driven outreach that puts the right message in front of the right people.
Read case study
blog
4 case studies on how machine learning is helping retailers drive revenue
A recent report from Juniper Research predicts spending on machine learning in the retail sector will increase by 230% between 2019-2023 and that 325,000 global retailers will be using machine learning in some form by 2023. But what exactly is machine learning? And how are retailers implementing it?
Read story