http://www.franchise.org.nz/privacy-policy/
LOGIN
+64 9 274 2901
Privacy Policy 1. The Franchise Association of New Zealand Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy when using our services.
2. Within this policy, “you” and “your” means you as the user of our services and/or of our website and “we”, “our” and “us” refers to Franchise Association of New Zealand Inc. (“FANZ”) and related parties.
What Information Does This Privacy Policy Apply To?
3. This privacy policy applies to personal information collected through:
(a) our website, www.franchiseassociation.org.nz;
(b) applications for membership with FANZ (including franchisor and multibrand franchisor applications, affiliate applications and franchisee, associate, individual and student applications);
(c) applications to attend conferences and other events;
(d) applications for the New Zealand Franchise Awards (“Awards”) and
(e) any other personal information collected by FANZ.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
4. Within this policy ‘“personal information” means the same as it does in the Privacy Act 1993. In general terms, this means information that can be used to personally identify you.
We collect personal information from you, including your:
(a) name
(b) email address
(c) other contact information (including phone numbers and address details)
(d) profession, occupation, organisation and job title
(e) organisation details
(f) computer or network
(g) location
(h) interactions with us
(i) event attendance information, including dietary requirements and medical information
5. You are responsible to ensure that all information you provide us is current, complete and accurate. If FANZ believes that the information you provide is not current, complete, or accurate, FANZ may have the right to decline access to information or services, deny access to certain parts of the FANZ website, decline your application for membership with FANZ or applications for event registrations until current, complete or accurate information is provided, refuse registrations for events, conferences or award ceremonies.
Why Do We Collect Personal Information?
6. We collect your personal information in order to:
(a) perform our activities as FANZ,
(b) process membership applications, upgrades and membership renewals,
(c) verify your identity and contact details,
(d) conducting conferences, award ceremonies and events,
(e) distribution of publications, newsletters and promoting our products and services,
(f) communication to individuals and providing requested products or services,
(g) manage the safety and security of our members and other users,
(h) personalise and customise your experience,
(i) to provide you with access to secure areas of our website,
(j) to improve our website and our services – for example through the collection and analysis of statistical and research data and the use of cookies,
(k) to send you information regarding FANZ conferences, Awards, events, opportunities, benefits of membership, updates, information surveys and newsletters and the like pertaining to FANZ and the franchise sector,
(l) to conduct competitions or promotions on behalf of FANZ and selected third parties,
(m) to provide to third parties such as sponsors, strategic partners, exhibitors and guest speakers but only if you have authorised us to do so, and
(n) any other transaction of activity as a result of the performance of our role as an organisation providing, services, products and benefits to our members and to others.
What Happens If We Do Not Collect Personal Information?
7. Providing some information is optional. If you choose not to enter personal information we may not be able to:
(a) provide certain information or services you have requested,
(b) approve your application for membership with FANZ,
(c) approve any event registrations, including applications to attend conferences and award ceremonies,
(d) tailor our content, website and communications for your preferences.
How Do We Collect Personal Information?
8. We do this in a variety of ways, including through:
(a) you providing it directly to us (including by way of an application for membership or registration for a conference, award ceremony or event),
(b) your conversations or email interactions, between you and our staff,
(c) your access and use of our website, apps and other sources.
How Do We Use Cookies?
9. A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed on a device when it is browsing a website to enable the host of the website to store information about website use. We use cookies to improve your on-line experience.
10. The FANZ website uses cookies for the following purposes:
(a) allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit,
(b) to research our users’ habits so that we can improve our services,
(c) to learn about member and user preferences so that we can present customers with web content and advertising that is relevant to them, and/or
(d) to produce data on web traffic and member web activity through our website.
11. The FANZ website uses from time to time the services of Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager and Google ID as well as WordPress PHP sessions and WP settings. These are used for the above purposes as well as to inform, optimise, and serve ads on the internet based on someone’s past visits to the FANZ website. Personally identifiable information is not stored by us or any third-parties. You can visit the Google and WordPress websites to find more information on their privacy practices and how to opt out in relation to specific cookies.
12. You have the ability to disable cookies (for all sites) from within your browser settings and you can control the extent to which your device allows cookies. You can do this by changing the settings on the browser software that your device uses to access the internet.
Will I Receive Communications From FANZ?
13. From time to time, FANZ will communicate with you regarding FANZ, your membership (if applicable) including election and AGM information, franchise practices and advice, new policy or regulation, conferences, Awards ceremonies, events, opportunities, benefits of membership, promotions, sponsor deals, surveys, newsletters and the like. This will include communicating with you electronically, by email, phone or by text/sms.
14. By registering with FANZ for membership or for any event, conference or award ceremony, or by providing us with your details for our database, you consent to receive communications from FANZ. You may opt out of receiving communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in each communication, or by sending an email to contact@franchise.org.nz.
Who Do We Disclose Personal Information To?
15. We may disclose your personal information:
(a) to our board members, employees contractors, sub-contractors and agents,
(b) for the operation of FANZ (or for the operation of our website),
(c) to provide products and services to you and fulfil any requests by you,
(d) to communicate with you electronically, by email, phone or by text/sms,
(e) to other delegates and third parties as part of the delegate list when you have registered for a conference, for Awards and for other FANZ events,
(f) where we are permitted to under the Privacy Act 1993,
(g) to third parties where FANZ utilises third parties to undertake services, but only to the extent required to fulfil those services, and
(h) with your consent.
16. We may share your personal information with third parties if you have authorised us to. This will generally be for the purposes of franchise related competitions, promotions, information and marketing. Third parties may include sponsors, strategic partners, exhibitors and guest speakers. We do not share your information if you do not provide your consent.
17. Beyond the above, we release personal information only when it is permitted under the Privacy Act 1993 or if required by law.
How is Your Personal Information Protected?
18. We take all reasonable steps to protect the personal information that we hold from misuse, loss, unauthorised disclosure or access. If you suspect your personal information may no longer be secure or has been compromised, please let us know immediately.
How Can You Access or Correct Your Personal Information?
19. Registered members of FANZ can update their member details by getting in touch with us. We request that you keep your information as current as possible so we can continue to improve our services.
20. You have the right to ask for a copy of any personal information we hold about you and to ask for it to be corrected if you think it is wrong. If you would like a copy of your information, or to have it corrected, please contact us at contact@franchise.org.nz, or 09 274 2901, or PO Box 33-676, Takapuna, Auckland 0740.
Policy Changes
21. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Updated versions of this privacy policy will be posted on our website. We encourage you to frequently check for changes.
Sign up and receive our events update
Login
Email address
Password
Forgot Password
Create an Account
Latest
News
×
Franchise Industry News
Whoops, please check again later