https://www.cacpa.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
(424) 777-8002
715 S. Averill Avenue, San Pedro, CA 90732
Info@CACPA.com
Client Portal
Services Small Business Accounting
Payroll Services
Tax Services
Virtual CFO
QuickBooks Services
New Business Formation
Non-Profit Organizations
Planning Consultation
About Us
Articles
Payment
Contact
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Our primary goal is to provide you, our clients, with the best accounting, tax and professional consulting services we can. We have always been committed to the protection of our clients’ privacy and are bound to professional standards more stringent than those required by law.Types of nonpublic personal information we collectWe collect nonpublic personal information about you that is provided to us by you or obtained by us with your authorization. We use that information to provide you with tax, accounting, and/or financial planning services to you at your request.Parties to whom we disclose informationFor current and former clients, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information obtained in the course of our practice except as required or permitted by law. Permitted disclosures include, for instance, providing information to our employees, and in limited situations, to unrelated third parties who need to know certain information to assist us in providing services to you. In all such situations, we stress the confidential nature of information being shared. To the extent permitted by law and any applicable state Code of Professional Conduct, certain nonpublic information about you may be disclosed in the following situations: To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons. In the course of a review of our firm’s practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board, or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board or organization.In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger of all or part of our practice, provided that we take appropriate precautions (for example, through a written confidentiality agreement) so the prospective purchaser or merger partner does not disclose information obtained in the course of the review.As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, pursue, or defend against the lawsuit and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record.To provide information to affiliates of the firm and non-affiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party that prohibits it from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed. (Examples of such disclosures include using a third-party software vendor to process and transmit tax returns or engaging a records retention agency to store prior year records.)Should we receive any request for the disclosure of privileged information from any third party, including a subpoena or IRS summons, we will notify you. In the event you direct us not to make the disclosure, you agree to hold us harmless from any expenses incurred in defending the privilege, including, by way of illustration only, our attorney’s fees, court costs, outside advisor’s costs, or penalties or fines imposed as a result of your asserting the privilege or your direction to us to assert the privilege.Protecting the confidentiality and security of current and form clients' informationWe retain records relating to the professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with professional guidelines. In order to guard your non-public personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with the professional standards of our industry.In connection with our work, we may communicate with you or others via email transmission. When providing documents containing private information at your request, they will be password protected. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee or warrant that emails from us will be properly delivered and read only by the addressee. The use of our client portal is subject to the terms and conditions contained therein.Thank you for allowing us to serve your accounting, tax, and financial planning needs. We hope you view our firm as your most trusted advisor, and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call if you have any questions.