http://www.sheahomes.com/terms-of-use/
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Home
Terms of Use
Access to and use of this “Site” by all “Users” is subject to the terms and conditions set forth below ("Terms"). Please carefully review the Terms before accessing or using the Site. Access and use of the Site shall be deemed an acknowledgment of your rights and responsibilities with regard to the use and access of the Site and agreement with the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, please do not use this Site.
General - This Site is intended to be for general reference purposes only and is not an offer to sell real property.  Despite the efforts of Shea Homes to provide accurate information, it is not possible to completely ensure that all information is constantly correct. Therefore, this Site is provided by Shea Homes on an "AS IS" basis. Shea Homes disclaims all warranties with respect to this Site, and to any information or products or services available on this Site, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. Shea Homes also makes no warranty or representation regarding the results that may be obtained from this Site, or regarding the accuracy or reliability of any information obtained from the Site, or that its services will meet any user's requirements, be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free. Shea Homes shall have no responsibility for the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery or failure to store any user communications. Shea Homes makes no guarantees with respect to any information provided on the Site and disclaims any warranties with respect to the accuracy of any mortgage calculators or other features of the Site, or of any floor plans, square footage estimates, or other information on the Site. The mortgage calculator and any other features are for informational purposes only and are not an offer or a guarantee of a loan or an interest rate. Shea Homes makes no representation or guarantee regarding the investment status or future value of any home or lot. All renderings, elevations, and floor plans are an artist's conceptual drawings and may vary from actual plans and homes as built. Shea Homes reserves the right to change prices, floor plans, specifications, elevations, features, colors, prices and other terms without notice or obligation.
Intellectual Property - All copyrightable text, audio, video, graphics, charts, photographs and icons, design, selection, and arrangement of content in any medium on this Site is copyrighted by Shea Homes, unless otherwise noted. The distinctive and original layout and presentation of this Site also constitutes protectable trade dress under federal law. This Site may also contain references to third-party marks, which are the property of their respective owners. Any unauthorized use of any of Shea Homes’ marks, or of its copyrighted material or trade dress or any other intellectual property, is strictly prohibited, and will be prosecuted to the fullest extent that the law provides. All Site content is provided for your personal, non-commercial usage.  Your accessing the Site demonstrates your agreement to not copy, use, modify, republish or transmit any portions of the Site without Shea Homes’ express written permission.
Passwords – Portions of the Site may require you to submit a password. Shea Homes will not share your password with anyone.  You must keep your password secure.
Links - Shea Homes has not reviewed the Internet sites linked to this Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this Site. Your linking to off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. Shea Homes does not endorse any off-site pages and is not responsible for any transmission or material received from any off-site pages. Shea Homes assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable, for any viral infection of your computer equipment or software, or any other types of damages in any form, on account of your access, use of or browsing in this or any other site.
Privacy Policy – Shea Homes takes your privacy seriously. Please review our Privacy Policy.
User Provided Content – Certain portions of the Site may permit you to provide reviews, feedback or other materials (“User Content”). You agree that you will not post any User Content that is unlawful, harmful, tortious, defamatory, libelous, obscene, invasive of the privacy of another person, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist, infringing, pornographic, violent or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate as determined by Shea Homes. Shea Homes may delete your User Content at any time without notice for any reason, including if Shea Homes determines have violated these Terms or the law. Shea Homes reserves the right to permanently restrict access to the Site or a user account. By providing User Content you grant to Shea Homes a non-exclusive, sub-licensable, worldwide, perpetual and royalty free license to reproduce, modify, and other wise use such User Content in an and all known media and media developed at a future point without notice, permission, attribution or payment.
Disclaimer - In no event shall Shea Homes or any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, special, incidental, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data, information, profits or business interruption, arising out of or in any way related to the use or performance of this Site or any linked Site, to any information or products or anything else obtained through this Site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this Site, or to the inability to use the Site, whether based in tort, contact, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Shea Homes has been advised of the possibility of damages. Your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this Site.  Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so some of the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. You understand and expressly agree that use of this Site is at your own risk, that any material or data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the Site or by virtue of interaction with other users is at your own discretion and risk, and that you are solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material or data, and for any other form of damage that may be incurred. Shea Homes shall not be liable to users for any damage resulting from use of the Site, nor is Shea Homes in any way responsible for the conduct of users, or information exchanged on the Site.
Indemnity – In exchange for providing you access to the Site, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold Shea Homes, its affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, officer, partners, employees and web content providers harmless against any claims, damages and expenses related to your violation of these Terms.
I WANT MORE INFO
Get homebuying tips, community news, and other updates from Shea.
*Required Fields
First Name*
First Name Required
First Name Invalid Format
Last Name*
Last Name Required
Last Name Invalid Format
Email Address*
Valid Email Required
Email Required
ZIP Code*
ZIP Code Required
Only Accepting Requests from US and Canada
Phone*
Please provide a phone number to receive SMS/text updates.
Invalid Phone format
SMS/Text Opt-In
Yes, I also want to receive SMS/text updates from Shea Homes (MSG&Data rates may apply)
THANKS FOR SIGNING UP!
Keep an eye on your inbox for all the latest news and updates from Shea, including tips for buying a home, community info, and more.
Close
SAVE YOUR FAVORITES
Save communities, homes, and even site searches to your My Shea Home account so you can easily pick up where you left off.Click here to sign in.
Don't have an account yet? Create one now.
Close
Are you sure you want to remove this from your favorites?
Yes
Oops, no thank you.
Close
Saved!
You can find this search in your My Shea Home account, under Favorites.
Contact Shea Homes
How Can We Help You?
INTEREST LIST
Receive news and email updates about communities you like.
JOIN THE INTEREST LIST
SCHEDULE A VISIT
Submit a request to schedule a visit with one of our representatives.
SCHEDULE A VISIT
GENERAL INQUIRIES
Submit a request for information or leave a comment.
SUBMIT INQUIRY
Service Request
For current homeowners to contact customer care.
SUBMIT REQUEST
Close