http://www.lafertna.com/privacy
Home  /  Privacy Statement
Lafert North America Privacy Statement
1. Privacy Statement
Welcome to https://www.lafertna.com/ (the “website”), administered by Lafert North America. (“Lafert”). This website is subject to all applicable Canadian laws.
This Privacy Statement outlines how personal information about you is collected, used, disclosed and otherwise processed by Lafert with respect to your use and interaction with Lafert via this website as well as through other online activities involving Lafert products and services (“Services”). This Privacy Statement also applies to the personal data we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Lafert in person, such as at an industry event, tradeshow, conference or at our place of business.
2. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is information about an identifiable individual. Personal data does not generally include business names and business contact information used in a commercial context.
You can use our website without disclosing your personal data. You are not required to provide personal information as a condition of using our website, except as may be necessary to provide you a product or service at your request. When you visit our website, Lafert collects technical data including the name of your internet service provider, the website that you used to link to our website, the websites that you visit from our website and part of your IP-Address. Lafert may use the data for statistical purposes but will maintain the anonymity of each individual user so that the person cannot be identified. Aggregated, statistical or de-identified data is not personal data. See “Use of Cookies and Technical Data” for more information.
3. Consent to Collection of Data
By using this website or other Services and by voluntarily submitting your personal information to us, you are consenting to the practices in this Privacy Statement and any applicable terms of use.
4. How does Lafert Collect Personal Data?
Generally, we only collect personal data when you provide it to us through e-mail or telephone as part of an order for products or services or inquiries/requests for quotes on our website. If you do not want your personal information collected, do not provide it to us.
5. What type of personal data does Lafert collect?
Examples of personal data we collect, and use are:
Contact information, such as full name, company name, email address, telephone number and mailing address
Consumer preferences and comments with respect to Lafert products and services
Information you provide when you contact us, provide feedback, make a complaint or other inquiry
6. How do we use the data?
The data we collect will be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested product or service or for other purposes for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law. Other purposes may include:
Analyze the accuracy and effectiveness or our website and services, including administer, troubleshoot and enhance the website and services
Analyze data, identify trends and issues and create statistical reports
Establish and maintain our business relationship with you
Responding to inquiries, complaints and other communications
The data we collect will also be used to improve the content of our website, and may be used to contact you via e-mail or by regular mail, to provide you with information that we believe to be of interest to you, process and store the information provided so that we are able to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services and to provide you with information or services that we believe would be of interest to you.
If you no longer wish to receive communication from Lafert you can select the unsubscribe button at the bottom of our emails or email our staff directly at sales@lafertna.com.
7. Does Lafert share or disclose personal data?
Lafert may share and disclose personal and technical data in the following circumstances:
Lafert Network: Lafert is part of the Lafert Group - a global company. Lafert may transfer any information received to one or more of its affiliated companies in other countries and regions of the world. We do not sell or transfer the information you send to us to others outside of our company.
Service Providers: Like many businesses, Lafert uses third party service providers to assist in administering and providing the website and our services. Providers assist Lafert in data storage, website hosting, marketing, etc. Your personal data will not be passed by our service providers for use by third parties in any form whatsoever, unless we have obtained your consent or are legally required to do so.
Legal Requests and Obligations: Lafert may disclose personal data when required by law, such as to respond to court orders, subpoenas or other legal processes by authorities with jurisdiction.
Business Transfer: Lafert may transfer or assign your personal data as a result of, or in connection of a merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, bankruptcy, reorganization, liquidation or other business transaction.
8. Where is Data Stored?
The database and its contents remain at our company and stay with data processors or servers acting on our behalf and responsible to us.
Some of this data may be stored or processed at computers located in other jurisdictions, such as the United States and Europe, whose data protection laws may differ from the jurisdiction in which you live. Subject to applicable laws in such other jurisdictions, we will ensure that appropriate protections are in place to require the data processor in that country to maintain protections on the data that are equivalent to those that apply in the country in which you live.
9. How long is Data Retained?
We only retain personal data for as long as is necessary for us to render a service you have requested or to which you have given your consent, except where otherwise provided by law (e.g. in connection with pending litigation).
10. Use of Cookies and Technical Data
Like many websites, Lafert automatically collects technical data when you visit and use our website.
Cookies: Cookies, scripts, pixel tags, etags, web beacons and other similar technologies (“cookies”) are identifiers that enable our websites to provide the services to you. If you opted in to receive cookies, we will use cookies to collect information on how users navigate our website, personalize content and provide targeted advertisements through third party advertising networks when you visit other sites.
Most browsers are set-up to accept these cookies automatically. In addition, you can deactivate the storing of cookies or adjust your browser to inform you before the cookie is stored on your computer.
IP Addresses: We may collect your IP address when you visit our website to help us diagnose problems with our main computers, to administer the website and system, to report aggregated information to our partners, to assist in marketing practices and to audit the use of our website. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. In limited circumstances, we may use IP addresses to help us identify you when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our general conditions of use or to protect our services, website, users or others.
Analytics: Lafert uses third party analytics service providers, such as Google Analytics to help better understand how visitors use our website. These technologies may record information such as how often you visit our website, which pages and features you frequent, aggregated use and performance data. This data may be aggregated and analyzed to help Lafert provide you with a better online experience.
11. Accessibility
This policy can be provided to people in accessible formats that consider their disability and information needs.
The principles of the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (AODA) assist Lafert and its employees in taking reasonable efforts and making decisions to ensure that services are as accessible and inclusive as possible. The four guiding principles of the AODA focus on recognizing that all people with disabilities are entitled to:
Independence – Independence means creating an environment in which people with disabilities are able to do things on their own, without unnecessary help or interference from others.
Dignity – Treating people with dignity means not treating people with disabilities as an afterthought or forcing them to accept lesser quality or convenience, but instead enabling people with disabilities to maintain self-respect and the respect of others.
Integration – Integration allows people with disabilities to benefit from the same interactions in the same place and in the same or similar ways as people without disabilities.
Equal opportunity – Equal opportunity means ensuring that people with disabilities are afforded the same choices, benefits, and opportunities as people without disabilities.
Lafert employees will provide and communicate reasonable measures so that customers with disabilities may use their own personal assistive devices (for example, hearing aids, wheelchairs, walkers, oxygen tanks) as required to access Lafert facilities and services.
Feedback regarding accessibility to services and the manner in which Lafert employees interact with people with disabilities is welcome and appreciated. Feedback and questions will be welcomed at 1.800.661.6413.
Information contained on our website or other Lafert material (i.e quotes, product material, etc.) can be obtained in alternative, accessible formats upon request. Email sales@lafertna.com or call 1.800.661.4313 to request and receive Lafert communication in an alternative format.
Copyright ©2020. Lafert North America. All rights reserved. Toll-Free 1-800-661-6413		Fax 1-905-629-2852
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Statement