http://www.thomas-insulation.com/terms/
Home
Insulation Services
Insulation Products
Insulator Education
Publications
Company
Terms of Use.
General Conditions at Thomas Insulation
Insulation services that are estimated and submitted for bid to include the acceptance of the estimation quotation are subject to our standard inclusions and exclusions.
If you proceed to use this site and/or our services & products, you are agreeing to abide by these rules which apply to the purchase of services and/or products from Thomas Insulation
Corporation™.
Find Out More
Visit our Publications section to learn more about Thomas Insulation Corporation in print.
Publications Overview
Company Profile
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Search
Contact
Services & Products Provisions
Accepting a Thomas Insulation Quotation
Are there any additional terms to any signed contracts?
Yes.
Unless otherwise specified herein, the following provisions are expressly incorporated into this quotation contract:
The work described in this proposal shall be done according to the Mechanical Insulation Plans (if any) except in the case
of conflict when the provisions of this proposal shall have control over the Mechanical Insulation plans. All work will meet
applicable state and local codes. All extra work as well as any other modifications to the original proposal shall be specified
and approved by both parties in a written change order. All change orders shall become a part of this contract and shall
be incorporated herein. Thomas Insulation Corporation (TIC) is not responsible for any damage occasioned by delays resulting
from: work done by you, your subcontractors, extra work, acts of yours, or your agent including failure by You to make timely
progress payments or payments for extra work, shortages of material and/or labor, acts of nature, bad weather, fire, strike,
war, governmental regulations, or any other contingencies unforeseen by us or beyond our control. Expense incurred because
of unusual or unanticipated conditions, environmental hazards, concealed damage or existing defects or code violations, hereinafter
collectively called defects, which are discovered during the course of such work shall be paid for by You as extra work.
We are not responsible to repair such defects and work completed by TIC to remedy such will only be done as extra work in
a written order. If any payment is not made to TIC per this proposal, TIC shall have the right to stop work and keep the
job idle until all past due progress payments are received. You agree to pay all collection fees and charges including but
not limited to all legal and attorney fees that result should You default in payment of this contract. Overdue accounts are subject to interest charges at the highest rate allowed by law. If litigation arises out this contract, prevailing party(ies)
are entitled to legal, arbitration, and attorney fees. Thomas Insulation Corporation, any TIC subcontractor, any TIC laborer,
or any TIC equipment or material supplier who performs work or supplies materials or equipment for this project may have
the right to place a lien on the Owners property if they are not paid in accordance with the applicable Lien Laws. Thomas
Insulation Corporation payment terms are Net 30 on all insulation materials and labor, without exception, unless otherwise
noted. By accepting this quotation, you accept these conditions and that these the terms and conditions specified therein
shall be incorporated into and become a part of any subcontract agreement entered into based upon this quotation. General
Exclusions:  Underground, Victaulics, Painting, Exhaust Ducts, Demolition, Fire-Stopping, Pre-Insulated Pipe Support,
Overtime & Night Premiums and Anything not listed on your TIC Quotation. *Additional Exclusions may apply - See you TIC Quotation!
Other Corporate Provisions
Additional Provisions
Pricing, specifications & availability
Pricing, specifications, availability and terms of offers may change without notice, are not transferable and are valid only for purchases from Thomas Insulation Corporation. Taxes, fees and shipping and handling charges are extra, vary, and not subject to discount. TIC cannot be responsible for pricing or other errors, omissions, or consequences of misuse of site and its functions and reserves the right to cancel orders arising from such errors.
Trademarks
Thomas Insulation Corporation, and the stylized "TI" graphic are trademarks of Thomas Insulation Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names may be used to refer to either the entities claiming the marks and names or their products. Thomas Insulation Corporation disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks and names other than its own. Images and video displayed on the Thomas Insulation Corporation web site are licensed and/or the property of Thomas Insulation Corporation.
About our Publications
The Thomas Insulation Corporation publications are available online for your convenience. Thomas Insulation Corporation will use reasonable efforts to include up-to-date and accurate information on this internet site, but make no representations, warranties, or assurances as to the accuracy, currency, or completeness of the information provided. *Multimedia Video requires QuickTime. **Publication pages requires Javascript be enabled.
E-mail Spam Notice
Thomas Insulation does not distribute nor endorse mass marketing e-mails; Any e-mail received as such should be treated as spam.
Disclosure - 3rd Party Sites Notice
Thomas Insulation Corporation is a privately held company and does not dislose corporate information e.g., financial growth, employee work-force size, customer information, etc., to third-party sites claiming to provide fee-based business reports about the company.
These type of companies are as proliferant as e-mail spam. Any information received from such online companies should be viewed as illegitimate and potentially fradulent.
Ordering, Payment & Returns
Payment
What kind of payments are accepted online & offline?
Prepayment is required for all orders with credit card, cash or certified check. Contracting quotations should see their
original quotation for payment terms.
Can I pay with a personal or company check?
Generally not, as guaranteed payment is required. However recurring customers can have their account reviewed for such
authorization.
Insulation Sizing
How do I choose the correct size of insulation?
All associated price schedules display insulation sizes as "Pipe Size x  Insulation Thickness" e.g., a  2"
x 1" listing is indicative of a 2" pipe size with a 1" insulation thickness.  IPS indicates Iron Pipe Size whereas CTS
indicates Copper Tubing Size.  Need additional help?  View Materials Sizing Guide
How do I calculate the outside diameter of a pipe?
TIC offers you a Materials Sizing Guide to aid you in choosing the proper pipe size!
What is the difference between IPS & CTS?  Are they interchangeable?
IPS is the abbreviation for Iron Pipe Size, whereas CTS is used to indicate Copper Tubing Sizes.  In some cases,
IPS & CTS sizes are interchangeable and are so indicated (in the product description) using the following methodology: "IPS
1/2 x 1 or CTS 7/8 x 1".   In addition, copper tubing sizes may also be indicated (in the product title) using
the abbreviation CTS.  This methodology is displayed as "IPS 0.50 x 1.00 or CTS 0.875 x 1.00", where the former indicates
Iron pipe and the latter Copper tubing.  In rare instances, a product indicated for both types e.g., IPS or CTS, may
not be similar in size, but instead in price. For similar (interchangeable IPS & CTS sizes, please review the
Materials Sizing Guide.
Shipping & Delivery
How are your products delivered?
We ship most products using ground services with tracking information.  Tracking information is provided
based upon your specific shipping method.  TIC reserves the right to substitute shipping carriers without prior notification.
Is the shipping cost estimated? Why is shipping so expensive?
In some instances, due to different delivery zones, shipping charges may be estimated.  Residential delivery rates
can vary up to $5.00 additionally per carton based upon delivery zone. You will be advised prior to processing your order
if shipping charges are substantially higher. Please note that shipping charges are calculated on a per unit basis and not
per carton, in most cases*. Your order will be packed partially or completely nested and shipped within 24 hours. Orders
placed after 1pm CST/CDT (M-F) will be shipped the following day.  *Additional charges per carton apply to specific
delivery zones and to international destinations e.g., International Customers are responsible for all duties and/or taxes.
What is FedEx Ground?    Self Pickup?
FedEx Ground shipping applies to residential and business customers and includes free tracking. Self Pickup is for customers
who would like to pickup their order at Thomas Insulation Corporation.  Thomas Insulation Corporation reserves the right
to substitute shipping carriers without prior notification.
Can I ship using my personal or company FedEx account? My own Freight Carrier?
Yes, if you use FedEx!  Simply choose the Customer Pickup option and provide your FedEx Account number via e-mail
when completing your order check out.
Can I track my order?
Yes!  Visit fedex.com and enter the tracking information provided for your order.  Freight order tracking is
dependent upon which carrier is being utilized and is therefore generally not available.
Back orders
TIC will provide you with an estimated ship date for the back ordered products, usually by e-mail or via your order status
page.  In addition, you will also be offered at alternative brand of the same quality if it is available.  However,
different price rates apply to individual products and brands.
Returning your Product Orders
What is your return policy/procedure?
Due to the inherent cost of shipping insulation materials and accessories we offer a 14 day conditional refund policy.
We will gladly accept your complete order for return within fourteen (14) calendar days of delivery, less shipping costs
(Inbound/Outbound).  There are however certain conditions that must be fulfilled by the customer.  If you're unsure
of what to order, please contact Insulation Sales prior to ordering.  Orders returned within fourteen calendar days
(14) are assessed a six percent (6%) or $20.00 restocking fee, whichever is greater, with exception to exchange/replacement
orders. Partial orders and orders outside the fourteen day return policy are not accepted (See the section titled "What if
I ordered the wrong size insulation" for information regarding Exchanges).
Return Procedures
1. Contact us within fourteen (14) calendar days of delivery via fax and/or e-mail.
2. Obtain an RMA number via e-mail.
3. Do not return merchandise collect on delivery (COD)!
4. Ship the product in the same type of packaging via a traceable and insurable route e.g., FedEx, UPS, etc.
5. Notify us of the tracking number via e-mail.
6. Upon receipt and inspection of the materials received in good condition, a refund will be processed.
7. A refund will be issued via your method of payment within 14 business days.
8. Special orders are NOT refundable.
9. Only complete items may be returned and no individual units e.g., full carton vs. partial carton.
Which products & services are NOT eligible for refund?
Special orders, Shipping charges (outbound/inbound), Estimation Take-Off Services, Insulation Consulting are non-refundable.
What if I ordered the wrong size insulation?
If you have ordered an incorrect size of insulation material, TIC will exchange your order without any restocking fee,
excluding special orders. However, this is applicable only if you have an exchange order and you accept a credit towards
the new order.  The standard restocking is applied if you request a separate refund. You are responsible for all shipping
costs (inbound/outbound) including the return of the incorrect merchandise via a traceable route and conditions specified
above under "The Return Procedures".
What if my order arrives damaged?
If your shipment arrives damaged, save all packaging & materials, because the carrier may choose to inspect the damaged
goods and shipping box at the delivery address.  You must contact the carrier and Thomas Insulation Corporation
to report damaged goods within one (1) business day.  Following confirmation from the carrier, a refund will be issued.
Contact Thomas Insulation Corporation by telephone.  We will strive to reach an amicable solution in all cases. If you
are unsure of which size to order, please contact Insulation Sales at +1 (405) 634-7100 prior to ordering.  We will
gladly assist you in choosing the proper size.
Careers & Privacy
Employment Agreements
Does Thomas Insulation utilize employment agreements?
No.
Thomas Insulation is an "at-will" employer and does not engage in employment agreements.
For more information please consult your employee handbook.
The employee handbook does not constitute a contract for employment between Thomas Insulation Corporation and its employees. No person other than the CEO/COO/CFO has authority to enter into any agreement for employment for any specified period of time and any such agreement must be in writing.
At Will Employment
Is Thomas Insulation Corporation an At Will employer?
Yes.
Employees of the Company are considered "at-will", and therefore, either the employee or the Company may terminate the employment relationship at any time with or without cause or notice. Please consult the employee handbook for more information. The Company reserves the right to modify the provisions of the employee handbook at any time.
Privacy
Does Thomas Insulation have a privacy policy?
Yes.
Please visit thomasinsulation.com/privacy for more information.
Consulting
Estimation
Contracting
Fiberglass
FSK/ASJ/PVC Tapes
PVC Fittings
Duct Liner
Careers
Apprenticeship
Founded 1999. © 1999-2017 Thomas Insulation Corporation™
8709 Gateway Terrace, Oklahoma City, OK 73149 - All Rights Reserved.
Insulation Sales: +1 (405) 634-7100
Terms of Use
Privacy
Search
Contact
Pricing, specifications, availability and terms of offers may change without notice, are not transferable and are valid only for purchases from Thomas Insulation Corporation. Taxes, fees and shipping and handling charges are extra, vary, and not subject to discount.
TIC cannot be responsible for pricing or other errors, omissions, or consequences of misuse of site and its functions and reserves the right to cancel orders arising from such errors. Thomas Insulation Corporation, and the stylized "TI" graphic are trademarks of Thomas Insulation Corporation. Other trademarks and trade names may be used to refer to either the entities claiming the marks and names or their products. Thomas Insulation Corporation disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks and names other than its own. Images and video displayed on the Thomas Insulation Corporation web site are licensed from Shutterstock and/or the property of Thomas Insulation Corporation.
E-Mail Spam & 3rd Party Sites Notice: Thomas Insulation does not distribute nor endorse mass marketing e-mails; Any e-mail received as such should be treated as spam. Thomas Insulation Corporation is a privately held company and does not dislose
corporate information e.g., financial growth, employee work-force size, customer information, etc., to third-party sites claiming to provide fee-based business reports about the company. Any information received from such online companies should be viewed as
illegitimate and potentially fradulent.