http://www.ohe.org/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Contact us
HomeAbout UsCharitable StatusMeet the TeamAdvisory CommitteesHow to Find UsContact UsOpportunitiesOHE FundingVisiting FellowsResearchEconomics of InnovationPolicy, Organisation and Incentives in Health SystemsValue, Affordability, and Decision MakingMeasuring and Valuing OutcomesConsultingCase StudiesConsulting ReportsInternational ExperienceOur ClientsOur TeamEventsPublicationsOHE News
You are hereHome »
Privacy Policy
The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to the OHE. This policy explains how and why the OHE uses your personal data and explains your privacy rights under data protection law. For the purposes of data protection law, the OHE is the “data controller”.
This privacy policy is effective as of 28 August 2018. We review our privacy practices on an ongoing basis, and as such we may change this privacy policy from time to time. If we make any significant, material changes, we will provide clear notice of the update on the homepage of our website. Please check this policy frequently to ensure that you are familiar with it. It is also important that the personal data that we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if any of your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Links to Other Websites, Plug-Ins and Applications
This website may include links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links, enabling those communications may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control those third party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website that you visit.
Other Policies that May Apply to You
This privacy policy does not apply to employees or other representatives of the OHE, or to those who are applying for engagements with the OHE.
Who Are We?
In this policy when you see the words, “we”, “us, “our” or “OHE”, it refers to:
OHE Consulting Limited, a company with registration number 09853113; and
Office of Health Economics, a charity with registration number 1170829.
The registered office of OHE Consulting Limited and the Office of Health Economics is 7th Floor, Southside, 105 Victoria Street, London SW1E 6QT.
OHE conducts research and provides consultancy services on health economics and related policy issues that affect healthcare and life sciences industries.
If you have any questions in relation to this privacy policy or how we use your personal data please use the Contact Us function at www.ohe.org.
What is Personal Data & Purpose of this Notice
In this policy the words, “personal data” means any information that identifies you, for example, your name, address, telephone number, email address.
This privacy policy gives you information about how we collect and process your personal data, including through this website as well as any information that you provide when you sign up to receive a newsletter or work with OHE in relation to any activity, project or initiative.
What Personal Data Does the OHE Collect?
The OHE will collect, use, store and transfer the following different kinds of personal data about you:
Your full name, including your title;
Your contact information, including telephone number, email address and postal address;
Photographs and CCTV images;
Attitudes, opinions, feedback;
Communication preferences;
Technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, as well as browser plug-in type and versions, operating system and platform and if you access our website via your mobile;
Information about your visit, including but not limited to the clicks used to navigate to, through and from our website (including date and time), items that you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visit to certain pages, page interaction information (such as but not limited to scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, any phone number used to contact us;
The terms that you use to search our website.
How is Your Personal Data Collected?
Your personal data are collected in a number of different ways including when:
You give us your personal data by:
Completing the Contact Us form on our website:
Working with us in relation to any activity, project or initiative;
Subscribing to receive newsletters and updates;
Corresponding with us (in any form).
You interact with our website as we may collect technical information about your equipment, browsing. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
We receive personal data about you from third parties and public sources, including public websites, as well as paid for subscription services.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Your personal data will be saved by and may be viewed by OHE employees, contractors and representatives.
We will only use your personal data on relevant lawful grounds as set out in the Data Protection Act 2018, such as for performance of a contract with you, to comply with our legal obligations, where you have given us your consent and in pursuit of our legitimate interests. We explain how we rely on these lawful grounds below.
Personal data provided to the OHE will only be used for the purpose or purposes outlined in this privacy policy or in any privacy notice sent to you and in accordance with any preferences that you express. If asked by any police, regulatory or government authority we may need to provide your personal data to these agencies.
The OHE does not sell your personal data and we only share it with the organisations that we work with when necessary.
The main uses of your personal data are set out below, as well as the legal basis that we rely on for this processing.
To Subscribe to Our E-Newsletter
We would like to use your details to keep in touch about things that matter to you and your company.
If you choose to hear from us, we may send you information about activities that may be of interest to you. This might be about our work, government or industry initiatives, events, membership or other matters.
We will only send these to you if you agree to receive them. If you choose to receive this information, you can change your mind at any time. In all communications you will be provided with a link to unsubscribe from all communications.
If you choose not to receive these communications, you may not hear about events of other work that we do that may be of interest to you.
When we send you email communications we use technology that enables us to track who opens particular emails This helps us to understand which issues are of most interest and helps us to ensure that you continue to receive useful information.
When we send communications to you, we rely on your consent to do so.
OHE uses a third party to deliver our E-Newsletter. For more information, please see the MailChimp privacy policy.
To Work With Your Organisation
If you are the nominated representative of your organisation, we will use your identity, career and contact information in order to contact you in relation to the project that the OHE has been commissioned to work on. We consider that using your personal data for this purpose is necessary for our legitimate interests in order that we can exchange information with you and collaborate with you effectively on the relevant project.
To Engage with You if You Are a Member of the Media
The OHE uses contact information in order to contact members of the media to initiate and respond to stories relating to its work. We consider that this is necessary for our legitimate interests in order that we can publicise the findings of our work.
When You Visit the OHE Office
If you visit the OHE office, please be aware that CCTV is in operation at our office door and in the reception area. This is necessary for our legitimate interests for security of our premises and our personnel.
To Respond To A Question Raised Through www.ohe.org
When you contact the OHE using the Contact Us form on www.ohe.org, your contact information will be retained by the OHE. We consider that this is necessary for our legitimate interests in order that we can communicate with you in relation to the matter raised by you and track our response to you.
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
If asked by any police, regulatory or government authority we may need to provide your personal data to these agencies in order to comply with our legal obligations and to pursue our legitimate interests in engaging with and responding to governmental, regulatory and public bodies.
The OHE does not sell personal data to third parties.
Data Security
The OHE has put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents and contractors and representatives who have a business need to know it. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and the relevant regulatory authority of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
For How Long Will Your Personal Data be Retained?
The OHE will only retain your personal data for so long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in the OHE’s retention policy and you can request this from us by contacting us using the Get in Touch form available on the OHE’s website: www.ohe.org
Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have the rights set out below under data protection laws in relation to your personal data:
Access to Personal Information – You have a right to obtain access to the personal information that we hold about you.
Change Inaccurate Information – You have a right to ask us to correct inaccurate personal information and to update incomplete personal information.
Request to Delete Your Information – You have a right to request that we delete your personal information if you believe that we no longer need your information for the purposes for which it was provided; or we are not using your information in a lawful manner; or we have requested your permission to process your personal information and you wish to withdraw your consent. Please note that if you request us to delete your information, we may have to stop engaging with you.
Request to Restrict the Processing of Your Information – You have a right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data if you believe that any of the information that we hold about you is inaccurate; we no longer need your information for the purposes for which it was provided but you require the information to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or we are not using your information in a lawful manner. Please note that if you request us to stop or restrict the processing of your information, we may have to stop engaging with you.
Request Your Personal Data in a Portable Format – You may have the right to ask us to provide your personal information in a portable format.
Object to the Processing of your Personal Information – You have a right to object to the processing of your personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling and legitimate grounds for the processing. Please note that if you object to the processing of your information, we may have to stop engaging with you.
Object to Direct Marketing – You have a right to object to use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
Withdraw Consent – Where we rely on your permission to process your personal information, you have a right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, we may have to stop engaging with you.
To Complain – You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office, the UK regulatory authority responsible for data protection issues. If you are based outside the UK, you can contact your national regulator. We would appreciate the opportunity to resolve any concerns before you approach the Information Commissioner (or your local regulator if outside the UK) and therefore, wherever possible, we request that you contact the OHE in the first instance.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above or have any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy, please use the Contact Us form on www.ohe.org
We may need specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request.
We will try to respond to your request within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case we will provide you with updates.
Cookie policy
For full details on how we use cookies on this website please refer to our cookie policy.
Last Updated: 28 August 2018
Sign UpforOHEUpdates
Readaboutourresearch
Learnaboutourconsulting