http://www.joseph-heler.co.uk/privacy
Our Products
Cheese
Butter
SHOP
Our Story
Our Brands
Our Farms
Careers
Our People
Current Vacancies
Vision & Values
Recruitment Process
Contact
PRIVACYJoseph Heler Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy online. Our policy explains how we will do this.What information do we collect?We collect email addresses.Registration: on some parts of the site we ask you to register, and if you do, we ask for your name, email address, geographical address and other personal information.From time to time we will ask you for further information, for example to enter a competition.We do not sell your personal information to others. We won’t share your information with anyone. Some of our databases are hosted by third parties but we agree with those third parties that they will keep your information secure and not use it for other purposes.A number of other people’s websites have links on our site. If you link to their sites, they may collect information. Such sites are not within our control and are not covered by this privacy statement.If we believe that your use of the site is unlawful or damaging to others, we reserve the right to disclose the information we have obtained through the site about you to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in our opinion to prevent, remedy or take action in relation to such conduct.Usage.Joseph Heler will use your information for the following purposes only:We will send you recipe ideas, offers, news and information about our products and their availability.We will send you information about offers and electronic vouchers for use in store.We may from time to time ask you questions or ask for feedback or research purposes.Copyright and Trade Marks.All materials on this website are the copyright of Joseph Heler Ltd or are reproduced with permission from other copyright owners. All rights are reserved. The materials on this website may be retrieved and downloaded solely for personal use. No materials may otherwise be copied, modified, published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written permission of Joseph Heler Ltd. Disclaimer.Joseph Heler Ltd makes no warranties or representations of any kind concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on this web site for any purpose. All such information is provided ‘as is’ and with specific disclaimer of any warranties of merchantability, fitness for purpose, title and/or non-infringement.Joseph Heler makes no warranties or representations of any kind that the services provided by this website will be uninterrupted, error-free or that the website or the server that hosts the website are free from viruses or other forms of harmful computer code. In no event shall Joseph Heler, its employees or agents be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential damages resulting from the use of this website.This exclusion and limitation only applies to the extent permitted by law and is without prejudice to any express provisions to the contrary in any written licence or subscription agreement from Joseph Heler in respect of the use of any online service provided via this website.
FOLLOW OUR EVERY MOVE...
GET IN TOUCH.WE'D LOVE TO HEAR FROM YOU...
Name
*
Email Address
*
Subject
*
Message
*
Thanks for your message. We look forward to talking to you soon.Team @ JH
Email Address
Sign Up
All done... Lovely stuff.
Cart (0)