http://www.programbusiness.com/info/terms-conditions-services
Terms & Conditions -- Storefront Services
THESE CONDITIONS OF SERVICE (the "Conditions") are an integrated agreement between Customer and Company consisting of these Conditions, the terms contained in the invoice issued by Company to Customer and referencing these Conditions (the "Terms"), any agreement(s) entered into between Customer and Company and any attachments, instructions, or requirements appurtenant to any of the foregoing (each of the foregoing comprising this agreement and referred to herein as the "Agreement"). This Agreement is binding with respect to all business conducted between Customer and Company and applies to and controls all agreements related to the provision of services by Company to Customer.
1. Definitions. Any capitalized term used in this Agreement but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning set forth below:
1.1."Company" means ProgramBusiness.com, a division of NMS Data, Inc., a California corporation d/b/a Neilson Marketing Services.
1.2. "Confidential Information" means confidential, proprietary or non-public information regarding the Company or its business, whether or not reduced to writing or marked as confidential, proprietary or non-public. Confidential Information shall specifically include any and all information as to the Company’s proprietary designs, products and services, any portion thereof and any improvements, innovations, additions, accretions, changes, alterations or modifications thereto of any kind or nature whatsoever. Confidential Information also includes, but is not limited to, the following types of information and other information of a similar nature: works, discoveries, trade secrets, ideas, concepts, designs, personal contractual relationships, projects, courses of dealing, drawings, specifications, improvement, inventions, original works of authorship relating to the Company (including manuals), building and plan designs, techniques, models, data, documentation, diagrams, flow charts, research, development, processes, formulae, computer systems, data, algorithms, source codes, object codes, html codes and scripts, procedures, methodologies, "know-how," marketing techniques and materials, marketing and development plans, actual and potential customer and vendor names and lists, lead lists, and other information related to customers and vendors, price lists, pricing policies, methods of conducting and obtaining business, and financial information. Confidential Information also includes any information described herein which the Company obtains from a third party and which the Company treats as proprietary or confidential, whether or not owned by or developed by the Company. Confidential Information shall not, however, include: (i) any information that is already in the possession of Customer at the time of disclosure by the Company by reasons unrelated to Customer’s relationship with the Company as shown by Customer’s files and records existing prior to the time of disclosure by the Company; (ii) any information that is independently developed by Customer outside the scope of and unrelated to Customer’s relationship with the Company and without reference to or reliance on any Confidential Information, as shown by Customer’s files and records prior to the time of disclosure by the Company; (iii) any information that is at any time provided to Customer by a third party without any breach of Customer’s obligations hereunder or any breach of such third party’s obligations to the Company or to any other party; or (iv) information and business relationships subsequently developed by Customer through Customer’s use of Data in accordance with the terms hereof.
1.3. "Customer" means the Person that orders the Services and is responsible for the payment of fees under, and compliance with, this Agreement.
1.4. "Effective Date" means the day that is the earlier of Customer: (i) returning to the Company a signed copy of the Terms; or (ii) tendering payment to Company in accordance with the Terms.
1.5. "Person" means any individual, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, limited or general partnership, unincorporated organization, governmental authority or other entity.
1.6."Website" means www.programbusiness.com.
2. Company Services.
2.1. The Storefront. Company shall create and maintain (the "Services") on the Website a series of .html pages displaying the products and services of Customer (the "Storefront"). Each .html page contained therein shall be built as a landing page capturing certain information of its visitors in accordance with the Website’s privacy policy and shall be optimized for certain key search terms relative to Customer’s products or services. The Storefront shall be completed within fourteen (14) days from the Effective Date.
2.2. Final Storefront. The Storefront shall be completed and ready for Customer approval within fourteen (14) days of Company’s receipt of all of the materials as provided in Section 3.3. Once the Customer tests the Storefront and gives its approval, the Storefront shall be deemed "final." Once "final," any changes to the Storefront shall be subject to the Ancillary Fees, if any, as provided in the Terms.
3.Obligations of Customer.
3.1. Payment. Customer shall tender payment to Company in accordance with the Terms. All payments are non-refundable. Any taxes are the responsibility of Customer. There shall be no deduction in respect of any such taxes, or any offset against payment for any taxes; and all payments shall be grossed up to take account of any withholding taxes. Any payment due hereunder that is not paid within three (3) business days shall bear interest at the higher of (i) 14% per annum, or (ii) the maximum rate permissible by law. If payment is not received within (30) days from the date of the Terms, Company may, it is option, refuse or cease to perform the Services, and/or may remove the Storefront from the Website.
3.2. Ancillary Fees. Customer agrees to pay ancillary fees ("Ancillary Fees") as provided in the Terms. Customer expressly acknowledges and agrees that such Ancillary Fees are in exchange for services above and beyond that contemplated at the time of issuing the Terms, and accordingly, the Ancillary Fees are in addition to any payment obligation under the Terms.
3.3. Materials. Customer agrees to deliver any and all materials necessary or advisable in connection with Company’s performance of the Services within fourteen (14) days from the Effective Date. In the event Customer fails to deliver such materials by such date, then Company may take whatever steps it may deem reasonably necessary to obtain the information from an alternative source.
Customer represents and warrants that any content or information provided by the Customer, either directly or indirectly, does not constitute defamation or invasion of the right of privacy or publicity, or otherwise infringe on the intellectual property rights of a third-party.
Customer hereby grants to Company a royalty-free, paid-up, worldwide license to use any and all intellectual property that Customer either owns or has otherwise acquired the rights to use. Such license shall be limited to Company’s provision of the Services pursuant to this Agreement.
4. Term.
4.1. Effectiveness of Agreement. Customer agrees to be bound by this Agreement and this Agreement shall become effective upon the Effective Date.
4.2. Term of the Agreement. This Agreement shall continue in effect from the date the Storefront is deemed "final" for a period of one (1) year. A Storefront renewal agreement will be offered on the first day of the 11th month of the one year agreement and is to be paid by the 29th day of the 11th month at the discretion of the Storefront owner in order to protect their current rate.
4.3. Termination.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Company may terminate this Agreement and immediately cease providing the Services hereunder, in the event: (i) of Customer’s breach of this Agreement; (ii) any representation or warranty made by Customer hereunder is reasonably determined by Company to be false or inaccurate; or (iii) that, in the reasonable determination of Company, Customer is using the Services in an effort to threaten, intimidate, annoy, abuse or harass or is otherwise using the Services to promote a morally repugnant matter. In the event of any of the foregoing and Company desires to exercise it right to terminate hereunder, Company shall send notice to Customer describing the violation, and then, if the matter remains uncured to Company's Satisfaction for fifteen (15) days, this Agreement shall thereupon terminate automatically.
4.4. Refusal to Provide the Services. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Company may refuse to provide the Services hereunder if, in its sole discretion, Company determines that any information, material or content to be used in connection with the Services is objectionable, inappropriate or detrimental to the reputation of Company. The foregoing includes, without limitation, any graphics or formatting that disrupts the continuity of the Website.
5. Miscellaneous.
5.1. No Guarantee. Unless agreed to in writing, Company makes no express, implied or implicit guarantee with respect to the effectiveness of the Services.
5.2. Confidential Information. Customer acknowledges that during the course of the Agreement, it may have access to certain "Confidential Information" of Company. During the term of this Agreement and for a period of two (2) years following the termination of this Agreement for any reason, within the geographical region of the United States of America and its territories, Customer shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law: (i) not disclose the Confidential Information to any third party, (ii) not use the Confidential Information in any fashion except for purposes of performing under this Agreement, (iii) exercise reasonable care to prevent disclosure of the Confidential Information, and (iv) promptly notify Company of any unauthorized disclosure or use of the Confidential Information. If Customer becomes legally compelled to disclose any of Company's Confidential information, Customer will immediately notify Company of that requirement so that Company may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy.  Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Customer shall immediately deliver to Company all copies of the Confidential Information received from Company. Customer acknowledges that breach of the covenants contained herein will cause irreparable harm to the disclosing party entitling the Company to injunctive relief, among other remedies, against any breach or threatened breach, without waiving or affecting any claim for damages or other relief.
5.3. Non-Solicitation. To the fullest extent permitted by law, during the term of this Agreement and for one (1) year thereafter, Customer shall not directly or indirectly, either alone or in concert with others, on Customer’s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or entity, solicit, or attempt to persuade or solicit any employee of Company to terminate his or her employment with Company, or to work for anyone in competition with the Company.
5.4. Reasonableness of Certain Conditions. The parties declare that the territorial and time limitations as stated herein, are reasonable and properly required for the adequate protection of each party's business. If any of the territorial or time limitations are deemed to be unreasonable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then all parties agree and submit to adjustment of the limitation as the court deems reasonable.
5.5. Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations, neither party shall be liable to the other for delays or failures in performance resulting from causes beyond the reasonable control of that party, including, but not limited to, acts of God, labor disputes or disturbances, material shortages or rationing, riots, acts of war, governmental regulations, communication or utility failures, or casualties.
5.6. Relationship of Parties. The parties are independent contractors under this Agreement and no other relationship is intended, including a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, employer/employee, fiduciary, master/servant relationship, or other special relationship. Neither party shall act in a manner which expresses or implies a relationship other than that of independent contractor, nor bind the other party.
5.7. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Unless otherwise expressly provided, no provisions of this Agreement are intended or shall be construed to confer upon or give to any person or entity other than the Company and Customer any rights, remedies or other benefits under or by reason of this Agreement. The Company’s subsidiaries and affiliated entities are express third party beneficiaries of this Agreement.
5.8. Equitable Relief. Each party acknowledges that a breach by the other party of any confidentiality or proprietary rights provision of this Agreement may cause the non-breaching party irreparable damage, for which the award of damages would not be adequate compensation. Consequently, the non-breaching party may institute an action to enjoin the breaching party, without the requirement of posting bond, from any and all acts in violation of those provisions, which remedy shall be cumulative and not exclusive, and the parties hereby each consent to the entry of an injunction by any appropriate court or arbitral tribunal enjoining any breach or threatened breach of those provisions, in addition to any other relief to which the non-breaching party may be entitled at law or in equity.
5.9. Attorneys’ Fees. In addition to any other relief awarded, the prevailing party in any action arising out of this Agreement shall be entitled to its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.
5.10. Notices. Any notice required or permitted to be given by either party under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be personally delivered or sent by a reputable overnight courier service (e.g., Federal Express), or by first class mail (certified or registered), to the attention of the President of equivalent officer of the other party. Notices will be deemed effective two (2) business days after mailing, postage prepaid, if mailed, or the next day if sent by overnight courier service. Notices shall go to, in the case of Customer, to the address provided in the Terms, or, in the case of the Company, to our headquarters as provided for on the Website or in the Terms, or to any other addresses subsequently provided in writing by a party.
5.11. Assignment. Customer may not assign its rights or delegate its obligations hereunder, either in whole or in part, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the Company. Any attempted assignment or delegation without the Company’s written consent will be void. The rights and liabilities of the parties under this Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties’ respective successors and permitted assigns. For purposes of this Section, a fifty percent (50%) or more change in control of Customer’s equity ownership shall constitute an assignment. Any assignment or transfer by Customer by operation of law, merger, consolidation, transfer of a majority of the voting equity of Customer or any similar transaction or series of related transactions shall be an assignment prohibited by this Section.
5.12. Waiver and Modification. Failure by either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other provision. Any waiver, amendment, or other modification of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by the parties.
5.13. Severability.If any court, arbitrator, or other tribunal finds any provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.
5.14. Arbitration, Jurisdiction, and Applicable Law. Any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicability of this agreement to arbitrate, shall be determined by binding arbitration in Orange County, California before an arbitrator, rather than in court.  The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law shall apply to this Agreement.  The arbitration shall be administered by JAMS pursuant to its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited. You and we each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated, or representative action.  Judgment on the Award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.  If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the parties waive a right to a jury trial.  This clause shall not preclude parties from seeking provisional remedies in aid of arbitration from a court of appropriate jurisdiction.  The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between them.  To the extent any dispute, claim, or controversy proceeds in court rather than arbitration, it shall proceed in the federal or state courts of Orange County, California. The parties waive any objection they may have to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
5.15. Headings. Headings used in this Agreement are for ease of reference only and shall not be used to interpret any aspect of this Agreement.
5.16. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including all documents or exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior and contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding such subject matter.
5.17. Indemnification. Each party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall indemnify the other party(s) and its directors, officers, agents, employees, contractors, affiliates, or subsidiaries (collectively referred to as "Indemnified Parties") and hold the Indemnified Parties harmless from and against any liability, losses, costs, damages, and fees (including reasonable attorney's fees) incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any breach by the Indemnifying Party of any warranty, covenant, or obligation under this Agreement.
5.18. Limited Liability. The dollar amount of any liability of the Company to any Person under this Agreement or of Company’s indemnification pursuant to this Agreement shall be limited to the amount actually paid to Company by such Person for the Services pursuant to this Agreement.
5.19. Cumulative Remedies. The rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to and not in substitution for any other rights and remedies available at law or in equity or otherwise.
5.20. Further Assurances. Each party to this Agreement shall, with reasonable diligence, take all such actions and execute all such documents as may be reasonably necessary to implement and carry out the intent of this Agreement.
KEYWORD SEARCH
SIC/NAICS CODE SEARCH
COVERAGE SEARCH
Aguadilla/ Mayagüez (AM)Alabama (AL)Alaska (AK)Alberta (AB)All Canada statesArecibo (AR)Arizona (AZ)Arkansas (AR)Bayamón (BY)British Columbia (BC)California (CA)Carolina (CR)Colorado (CO)Connecticut (CT)Delaware (DE)District of Columbia (DC)Florida (FL)Georgia (GA)Guayama (GY)Hawaii (HI)Humacao (HC)Idaho (ID)Illinois (IL)Indiana (IN)Iowa (IA)Kansas (KS)Kentucky (KY)Louisiana (LA)Maine (ME)Manitoba (MT)Maryland (MD)Massachusetts (MA)Michigan (MI)Minnesota (MN)Mississippi (MS)Missouri (MO)Montana (MT)Nebraska (NE)Nevada (NV)New Brunswick (NB)New Hampshire (NH)New Jersey (NJ)New Mexico (NM)New York (NY)Newfoundland and Labrador (NL)North Carolina (NC)North Dakota (ND)Nova Scotia (NS)Ohio (OH)Oklahoma (OK)Ontario (OT)Oregon (OR)Pennsylvania (PA)Ponce (PC)Prince Edward Island (PE)Quebec (QB)Rhode Island (RI)Saint Croix (SC)Saint John (SJ)Saint Thomas (ST)San Juan (SJ)Saskatchewan (SW)South Carolina (SC)South Dakota (SD)Tennessee (TN)Texas (TX)Utah (UT)Vermont (VT)Virginia (VA)Washington (WA)West Virginia (WV)Wisconsin (WI)Wyoming (WY)
States
Alabama (AL)
Alaska (AK)
Arizona (AZ)
Arkansas (AR)
California (CA)
Colorado (CO)
Connecticut (CT)
Delaware (DE)
District of Columbia (DC)
Florida (FL)
Georgia (GA)
Hawaii (HI)
Idaho (ID)
Illinois (IL)
Indiana (IN)
Iowa (IA)
Kansas (KS)
Kentucky (KY)
Louisiana (LA)
Maine (ME)
Maryland (MD)
Massachusetts (MA)
Michigan (MI)
Minnesota (MN)
Mississippi (MS)
Missouri (MO)
Montana (MT)
Nebraska (NE)
Nevada (NV)
New Hampshire (NH)
New Jersey (NJ)
New Mexico (NM)
New York (NY)
North Carolina (NC)
North Dakota (ND)
Ohio (OH)
Oklahoma (OK)
Oregon (OR)
Pennsylvania (PA)
Rhode Island (RI)
South Carolina (SC)
South Dakota (SD)
Tennessee (TN)
Texas (TX)
Utah (UT)
Vermont (VT)
Virginia (VA)
Washington (WA)
West Virginia (WV)
Wisconsin (WI)
Wyoming (WY)
NavigationHow Our Platform Works
Market Directory
Daily Newsflash
Who We Are
Support
Terms & Conditions -- Reseller
Terms & Conditions Services
Terms & Conditions Website
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy
QUICK CONTACT23172 Plaza Pointe Drive
Suite 205
Laguna Hills, CA 92653
Phone: 800.326.2700
Fax: 800.588.4958
STAY CONNECTED
PartnersPartner(s)
Download Compatible Browser
You may experience some issues on older version of Internet Explorer. For optimal experience please upgrade to Microsoft Edge or use alternative browsers such as Firefox, Safari, or Google Chrome.
Please use the following links to download:
Google Chrome
Firefox
Safari
Microsoft Edge
Close
This site is not compatible with Internet Explorer. To receive an optimal experience please upgrade to Google Chrome or Firefox or Safari or Microsoft Edge