https://www.curvedental.com/privacypolicy
Features
Charting
Scheduling
Billing
Smart Forms
Patient Portal
Reporting
Payment Processing
Imaging
Perio Charting
Patient Communication
Business Intelligence
ePrescribe
Files and Letters
Services
Implementation
Data Conversion
Training
Support
Imaging Compatibility
System Requirements
Status
Knowledge Hub
Packages
Resources
Webinars
Blog
COVID-19
Partner
Integration Partners
Curve Envoy
Company
Why Curve Rocks
About
Leadership
Careers
Testimonials
Contact Us
Sitemap
Why Curve Rocks
Schedule Demo
866.351.0749
A new way. A better way.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective as of January 23, 2020.
This “Privacy Policy” describes the privacy practices of CD Newco LLC d/b/a Curve Dental and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Curve”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) in connection with the www.curvedental.com website, any other website that we own or control and which posts or links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”), and our direct marketing communications.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information or other information that we handle on behalf of our business customers. Our use of that information is restricted by our agreements with those customers. If you have questions about personal information that our customers share with us, we encourage you to contact the relevant customer.
In addition, our websites, apps, products, and services are designed for businesses and their representatives. We do not target consumers – individuals who seek to use our products and services for their personal or household purposes. Accordingly, we treat all personal data we collect as pertaining to individuals in their business capacity and not their individual capacity.
Table of ContentsPersonal Information We CollectHow We Use Your Personal InformationHow We Share Your Personal InformationYour ChoicesOther Sites, Mobile Applications and ServicesSecurity PracticesInternational Data TransfersChildrenChanges to this Privacy PolicyHow to Contact Us
Personal Information We Collect
Information you provide to us. Personal information you provide to us through the Service or otherwise may include:
Business and personal contact information, such as your first and last name, email and mailing addresses, phone number, professional title and company name.
Content you choose to upload to the Service, such as text, images, audio, and video, along with the metadata associated with the files you upload.
Registration information, such as information that may be related to a service or a webinar or other training opportunity for which you register.
Feedback or correspondence, such as information you provide when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise correspond with us.
Demographic information, such as your city, state, country of residence, and postal code.
Usage information, such as information about how you use the Service and interact with us, including information associated with any content you upload to the websites or otherwise submit to us, and information you provide when you use any interactive features of the Service.
Marketing information, such as information including your preferences for receiving communications about our activities, events, and publications, and details about how you engage with our communications.
Other information that we may collect that is not specifically listed here but which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection.
Information we obtain from social media platforms. We may maintain pages for Curve on social media platforms, such as LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, and other third-party platforms. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, the platform provider’s privacy policy will apply to your interactions and their collection, use and processing of your personal information. You or the platforms may provide us with information through the platforms, and we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information we obtain from other third parties. We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources, such as business partners, marketing partners, publicly available sources, and data providers.
Cookies and Other Information Collected by Automated Means
We, our service providers, and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and activity occurring on or through the Service. The information that may be collected automatically includes your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device identifier, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, the website you visited before browsing to our websites, general location information such as city, state or geographic area, and information about your use of and actions on the Service, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and length of access. Our service providers and business partners may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. For more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
On our webpages, this information is collected using cookies, browser web storage (also known as locally stored objects, or “LSOs”), and similar technologies. We may also use web beacons (which are also known as pixel tags and clear GIFs) on our Service and in our HTML formatted emails to track the actions of users on our websites and interactions with our emails. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages or within HTML formatted emails. Pixel tags are used to demonstrate that a webpage was accessed or that certain content was viewed, typically to measure the success of our marketing campaigns or engagement with our emails and to compile statistics about usage of our Service, so that we can manage our content more effectively.
See below for information about your choices with respect to cookies and other technologies.
How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection.
To operate the Service. We use your personal information to:
provide, operate and improve the Service;
provide information about our products and services;
communicate with you about the Service, including by sending you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about webinars and other training opportunities;
understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the Service and our communications;
provide support and maintenance for the Service; or
respond to your requests, questions, and feedback.
For research and development. We analyze the use of the Service to improve the Service and to develop new products and services, including by studying user demographics and use of the Service.
To send you marketing and promotional communications. We may send you marketing communications as permitted by law. You will have the ability to opt-out of our marketing and promotional communications as described in the Opt out of marketing communications section below.
To comply with law. We use your personal information — as we believe necessary or appropriate — to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety. As we believe necessary or appropriate, we may use your personal information and disclose it to law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties to: (a) protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
With your consent. In some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use, or share your personal information, such as when required by law.
To create anonymous, aggregated, or de-identified data. We may create anonymous, aggregated, or de-identified data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. We make personal information into anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data by removing or not utilizing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data and share it with third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Service and to promote our business.
How We Share Your Personal Information
We do not share your personal information with third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances or as described in this Privacy Policy:
Affiliates. We may share your personal information with our corporate parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates, for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Service providers. We may share your personal information with third-party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate our business (such as customer support, hosting, analytics, email delivery, marketing, and database management services). These third parties may use your personal information only as directed or authorized by us and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy and are prohibited from using or disclosing your information for any other purpose.
Professional advisors. We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Business partners. We may share information with integration, joint marketing, and other business partners that provide products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. These business partners may use the information we share with them for their own purposes. You may opt out of our sharing of your information with such business partners by following the instructions provided below.
For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety. We may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above.
Business transfers. We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution. In such a case, we will make reasonable efforts to require the recipient to honor the Privacy Policy.
Your Choices
In this section, we describe the rights and choices available to all users.
Access or update your information. You may request to review and update certain personal information by contacting us at info@curvedental.com.
Opt out of Curve marketing communications. You may opt out of marketing-related emails by following the opt-out or unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the email, or by contacting us at info@curvedental.com. You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Cookies and other technologies. Most browsers let you remove or reject cookies. To do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. Many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, the Service may not work properly.
Users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above. If you choose to opt-out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. Even if you do choose to opt out, not all companies that serve online behavioral advertising are included in this list, and so you may still receive some cookies and tailored advertisements from companies that are not listed.
Opt out of sharing. You may opt out of our sharing of your information with integration, joint marketing, and other business partners by emailing us at info@curvedental.com, using the subject line “Opt Out of Sharing”.
Do not track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Other Sites, Mobile Applications and Services
The Service may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages, in mobile applications, or on online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third-party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites, mobile applications and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services that you use.
Security Practices
The security of your personal information is important to us. We employ a number of organizational, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
International Data Transfers
Our headquarters is in the United States, and we have service providers in other countries. Your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, or country where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.
Children
The Service is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, anyone under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us. We will delete such information from our files as soon as reasonably practicable. We encourage parents with concerns to contact us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the Service. We may (and if required by law will) also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via e-mail (if we have your contact information) or another manner through the Service.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the Service (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Service after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
Please direct any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or privacy practices to info@curvedental.com. You may also write to us via postal mail at:
Curve DentalAttn: Legal – Privacy5255 N. Edgewood Drive, Suite 250Provo, UT 84604
Ready to see how Curve Hero can streamline, strengthen and secure your practice?
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms
Subscribe Here
Subscribe Here!
A new way. A better way.
Contact
Curve Dental, LLC
5255 North Edgewood Drive
Suite 250
Provo, Utah 84604
Email
info@curvedental.com
866.351.0749
To the top
© Copyright 2020
Curve Dental, LLC
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED