https://www.invesco.com/apac/en/footer/site-policies.html
Skip to content
Main content
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
Neither Invesco, nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers or employees, nor any third party vendor will be liable or have any responsibility of any kind for any loss or damage that you incur in the event of any failure or interruption of this site, or resulting from the act or omission of any other party involved in making this site or the data contained therein available to you, or from any other cause relating to your access to, inability to access, or use of this site or these materials, whether or not the circumstances giving rise to such cause may have been within the control of Invesco or of any vendor providing software or services support.
Privacy Policy
Invesco is committed to maintaining the absolute privacy of the information you share with us when you use this Web site.
When you visit our website, we do not collect any non-public personally identifiable information about you. Nonetheless, some areas of our website allow you to provide to us voluntarily your email address as well as personal and company names if you wish us to provide you with certain market information. We will not use your email for any purpose other than to respond to your request, and in doing so your personal information may be accessible to third parties who are engaged to support us in responding to your request. In addition, when you click on our posts through other websites, your personal information may be collected by these websites and passed to us, on an aggregated and anonymized basis, and we may share such aggregated and anonymized information with our service providers and advertisers who will assist us in the formulation of marketing strategies.
By clicking on our posts, you knowingly consent to the use of your personal information as specified above. You may opt out of providing such consent by checking the name(s) of the relevant websites at this link: http://optout.aboutads.info/#!/. Please note that Invesco does not give any warranty about the effectiveness of this link.
This privacy policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. If you wish to request access to and correction of your personal data held by these websites, please contact these websites directly.
Information about invesco.com/apac users is not sold to third parties.
Invesco will not be responsible for any abuse of publicly available information.
Copyright and Other Notices
All copyright, patent, intellectual and other property rights in the information contained herein are owned by Invesco. No rights of any kind are licensed or assigned or shall otherwise pass to persons who access this information. Under no circumstances should this information or any part of it be copied, reproduced or redistributed. Invesco or its affiliates and their directors and employees may or may not have a position in or with respect to the securities mentioned.
If you are in any doubt about any of the information contained herein please consult your stockbroker, lawyer, accountant, bank manager or other professional adviser.
Invesco Hong Kong Limited is relying on SEC Order under Section 206A of The Investment Advisers Act of 1940,  granting exemptions from specified provisions of the Investment Advisers Act and certain rules thereunder.  This exemption is with respect to the filing of Form ADV or delivery of its brochure, summary of material changes, or brochure supplement required by Rule 204-3(b)(2) or (b)(4). Invesco Hong Kong Limited will file the Form ADV and deliver the brochure (or summary of material changes) and brochure supplement required by Rule 204-3(b)(2) and (b)(4) under the Advisers Act, as soon as practicable, but not later than 45 days after the original due date for filing or delivery, as applicable.
Online Security
Welcome! It is important to protect your personal information on-line, here we provide you tips on on-line security.
What is "Phishing"?
Phishing is when fraudsters try to con individuals to divulge confidential or personal account information by imitating legitimate organizations via spoofed emails and websites. Usually, the emails will contain a hyperlink that takes you to a spoof website that looks very similar to the organization's genuine site. Clicking on a hyperlink may also download malicious software which will record your use of the Internet and forward this information to the fraudsters.
Cookies Policy
A cookie is utilized on this page. It is used to stop this page from reappearing on your browser for a period of one month. If you do not want this page cookies, please adjust your browser. All information we receive is confidential and will not be sold to third parties.
Disclaimer
While this website provides information on Invesco products, such information should not be regarded as an offer or a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any of such investments.  The information contained in this website is obtained and / or compiled from sources believed to be reliable and current.  However, Invesco cannot and does not warrant, guarantee or represent, either expressly or impliedly, the accuracy, validity or completeness of such information.  Invesco or its affiliates or any directors or employees of Invesco or its affiliates shall not be liable for (whether in tort or contract or otherwise) any damages arising from any person’s reliance on this information and shall not be liable for any errors or omissions (including but not limited to errors or omissions made by third party sources) in this information.  The information provided herein is subject to change without further notice.
The information contained herein does not constitute a distribution, an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any securities in any jurisdiction in which such distribution or offer is not authorized to any person. In particular, the information herein is not for distribution and does not constitute an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy or sell any securities in the United States of America to or for the benefit of United States persons (being residents of the United States of America or partnerships or corporations organized under the laws of the United States of America or any state, territory or possession thereof). This website is not directed to any person in any jurisdiction where (by reason of that person’s nationality, residence or otherwise) the publication or availability of this website is prohibited. It is your responsibility to be aware of and observe all applicable laws and regulations of any relevant jurisdiction in connection with your entrant to this Website.
This website may contain statements that are "forward-looking statements," which are based on certain assumptions of future events. Forward-looking statements are based on information available on the date hereof, and Invesco does not assume any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Actual events may differ from those assumed. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements, including any projected returns, will materialize or that actual market conditions and/or performance results will not be materially different or worse than those presented.
Invesco does not provide legal or tax advice and you are encouraged to consult your own lawyer, accountant or other advisor before making an investment.
Investment involves risks.  Past performance is not indicative of future returns. Investors should note that the information provided herein may not have set out all the risks and other significant aspects involved in investing in any Invesco products mentioned herein and should therefore refer to the relevant prospectus for details and are advised to obtain professional advice where appropriate.
The investment decision is yours but you should not invest unless the intermediary who sells this product to you has advised you that this product is suitable for you and has explained why, including how investing in it would be consistent with your investment objectives.
When using an external link, you will be leaving the Invesco website. Any views and opinions expressed subsequently are not those of Invesco.
Site Policies
Corporate Site
Press and Media
This document has been prepared only for those persons to whom Invesco has provided it for informational purposes only. This document is not an offering of a financial product and is not intended for and should not be distributed to retail clients who are resident in jurisdiction where its distribution is not authorized or is unlawful. Circulation, disclosure, or dissemination of all or any part of this document to any person without the consent of Invesco is prohibited.
This document may contain statements that are not purely historical in nature but are "forward-looking statements", which are based on certain assumptions of future events. Forward-looking statements are based on information available on the date hereof, and Invesco does not assume any duty to update any forward-looking statement. Actual events may differ from those assumed. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements, including any projected returns, will materialize or that actual market conditions and/or performance results will not be materially different or worse than those presented.
The information in this document has been prepared without taking into account any investor’s investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs. Before acting on the information the investor should consider its appropriateness having regard to their investment objectives, financial situation and needs.
You should note that this information:
may contain references to amounts which are not in local currencies;
may contain financial information which is not prepared in accordance with the laws or practices of your country of residence;
may not address risks associated with investment in foreign currency denominated investments; and
does not address local tax issues.
All material presented is compiled from sources believed to be reliable and current, but accuracy cannot be guaranteed. Investment involves risk. Please review all financial material carefully before investing. The opinions expressed are based on current market conditions and are subject to change without notice. These opinions may differ from those of other Invesco investment professionals.
The distribution and offering of this document in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this marketing material may come are required to inform themselves about and to comply with any relevant restrictions. This does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such an offer is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
©2020 Invesco Ltd. All rights reserved
Follow Us On