http://www.bartlett1898.com/privacy-policy
Privacy & Security Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on Bartlett & Co. website.
The only personal information we collect is name, address, email address, and telephone number.
We use the personal information collected from you to answer the email we receive and to send you information requested. Such personal information as we collect is not used for any other purpose and is not shared. We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put into place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under the age of 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13 to provide information to us.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request detailing the error(s). To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
In the unlikely event any of the personal information you supply us online is misused, you may redress these issues by contacting us directly at bartlett_webmaster@Bartlett1898.com, or mail to:
Bartlett & Co., 600 Vine Street, Suite 2100, Cincinnati, OH 45202
Should you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please call us at 513.621.4612 or send us an email at bartlett_webmaster@Bartlett1898.com.
Online Privacy Practices
Our practices concerning information gathered during online sessions are explained below. These practices are consistent with and remain subject to our general Privacy Policy stated above.
Our web site utilizes a variety of technologies (such as cookies and web beacons) to collect, store, and aggregate data about usage and browsing patterns. These technologies help us analyze and tailor the site for all users and better understand how our site is used.
Except as noted herein, we do not have any personally identifiable information about you unless you choose to give us such information during an online session. If you do give us personal information during your session, we will collect that information and use it to service your request and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
If you are a registered user of our Web site who has enabled online access for your account(s), we collect all information that you submit through an online session, such as a transaction you’ve requested us to make. In this manner, your general usage patterns and other information noted above would be linked to you specifically.
Click here to view Bartlett’s 2019 Privacy Policy.
513.621.4612
150 South Wacker Drive, Suite 3050Chicago, IL 60606
312.630.9666
CONTACT US
Our goal is reaching yours.
Investment Advisory Services are offered through investment advisor representatives of Bartlett & Co. Wealth Management LLC, a Federally Registered Investment Adviser. Bartlett Wealth Management does not provide tax or legal advice.
This site is published for residents of the United States only. Registered representatives and investment advisor representatives may only conduct business with residents of the states and jurisdictions in which they are properly registered. Therefore, a response to a request for information may be delayed. Not all of the products and services referenced on this site are available in every state and through every representative or advisor listed. For additional information, please contact Bartlett Wealth Management at (513) 621-4612.
Copyright © 2020 Bartlett & Co. All rights reserved. Disclaimers | Privacy & Security Policy | 2020 FORM ADV | Form CRS