http://www.bcbsm.com/index/health-insurance-help/faqs.html
Frequently Asked Questions
Plan Documents and Forms
Calculators and Tools
Contact Us
Walk-in Centers
Browse by Topic
How Health Insurance Works
Buying Health Insurance
Understanding My Benefits
Getting Care
Managing My Account
Claims
Health Care Reform
Other Topics
Browse by Plan Type
HMO / Blue Care Network
Dental
Pharmacy
Health Spending Accounts
Physician Choice PPO
Frequently Asked Questions
How health insurance works
How do deductibles, coinsurance and copays work?
This page defines the common terms deductible, coinsurance and copay, and explains how they affect your health care costs.
What’s the difference between in network and out of network?
Learn how choosing between in-network or out-of-network doctors and facilities can affect how much you pay for your health care services.
What’s the difference between HMO and PPO plans?
Watch a video and find out more about what makes HMOs and PPOs unique so you can choose the one that’s right for your health care needs.
More how health insurance works FAQs
Understanding my benefits
How to read your explanation of benefits
Get tips on how to understand your Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan EOB.
What do I need to know about autism coverage?
If you’re a Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan or Blue Care Network member, find out more about what types of autism services we cover.
What do I need to know about preventive services?
Understand what preventive services are and how they can help you stay healthy.
More understanding my benefits FAQs
Managing my account
How can I pay my health plan bill?
If you pay the bills for an individual health care plan through us, this information will help you understand more about the payment process.
How can I choose or change my primary care physician online?
It's easy to manage your health care information online. Find out how to make changes or choose your PCP here.
More managing my account FAQs
Claims
What should I do if I need help with my claims?
Learn how to report a problem with a claim and the appeals and grievance process.
More claims FAQs
Contact Us
Need help finding the right phone number?
Looking for insurance
PPO members
HMO / Blue Care Network members
Medicare members
Are you finding what you’re looking for?
If not, the MIBlue Virtual Assistant can help you find the plan information you’ve been searching for.
Just log in and select the virtual assistant icon in the upper right corner of your screen to get started.
Log in