https://www.rochestermidland.com/privacy_statement
one
column.
Basic
Privacy Statement
Rochester Midland Corporation recognizes the right to privacy of all Internet users, and is committed to protecting the privacy interests of visitors to its web site.  This policy summarizes the collection and use of information gathered by Rochester Midland web site, and other relevant privacy issues.
Rochester Midland only collects personal information voluntarily provided by users of this site.  Collected information will be used only for internal Rochester Midland purposes and will not be sold to third parties.  Rochester Midland Corporation implements appropriate security safeguards to protect personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.  Certain technical information, such as the type of browser or operating system used and user domain named may be automatically collected in an aggregate, non-identifiable form.  This information enables Rochester Midland to measure site usage and improve this site to better suit customer needs.
This site may use “cookies” to enhance the user experience.  Your web browser places cookies on your hard-drive for record-keeping and sometimes to track information.  You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies. Note that if you do so, some parts of this website may not function properly.
While using this website, you may choose to link to third party websites that are not affiliated with Rochester Midland Corporation.  These third party links may also assign their own privacy policies and/or cookies, a process we do not control.  We do not have access to third party cookies or to any information they contain and we are not responsible for any third party privacy policies or cookies.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Rochester Midland Corporation does not knowingly or intentionally solicit or collect information from minors, and our marketing is not directed to minors.  If we determine that a user is under eighteen (18) years of age and has submitted information by way of our website, we will immediately delete such information.
Rochester Midland reserves the right to change this policy at any time and from time to time.  Any updates or modifications will be posted promptly on this page.  Using this site constitutes your acceptance of the foregoing terms.
If you have any questions about Rochester Midland's privacy policy, or would like any personal information you have submitted through this site to be modified or removed, please contact the webmaster.
Fresh from our blog
About Us
Standard Purchase Order Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Drum & Tote Return Guidelines
Employee Login
Press Releases
Contact Us
Call us
Phone 585-336-2200 • Emergency Phone Info-trac 1-800-535-5053 Outside US: 1-352-323-3500
©2020 Rochester Midland Corp
Terms of use | Privacy policy