http://www.jcolynconsulting.com/privacy.aspx
Register
Login
Home
About Us
Company
Consultants
Services
Quality Consulting
Quality Management System Development
Current Good Tissue Practice (cGTP)
AATB Standards for Tissue Banking
EBAA Medical Standards
ISO 9001
ISO 1345
ISO 15189
Quality System Documentation
Quality Manual
SOPs and Forms
Specifications
Corrective and Preventative Action System
Validation Planning
Audit Management
Quality Assurance Training
Quality Course Series
QT101: Writing and Managing Compliance Documents
QT102: Auditor Training Course
QT103: Setting Up an Effective CAPA System
QT104: Root Cause Analysis
QT105: Complaint Handling - Biovigilance Reporting
QT106: cGTP Regulations Basic Training
QT107: Good Documentation Practices
QT108: Statistical Techniques
QT109: Preparing and Conducting Management Reviews
QT110: Cleaning Training and Aseptic Processing
QT111: Preparing - Hosting Regulatory Inspections
Management Training Series
MT101: Train the Trainer
MT102: Creating a Quality Culture
Human Resources Series
HR101: Basic Human Resources
HR Resources
Testimonials
Resources
Developing a Positive Quality Culture
Essential Components of an Effective CA/PA System
Overcoming Ineffective Problem Solving with RCA
Other Available Resources
Contact Us
Links
Privacy Statement
Jim Colyn & Associates is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Jim Colyn & Associates Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Jim Colyn & Associates website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Jim Colyn & Associates collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Jim Colyn & Associates also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Jim Colyn & Associates. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Jim Colyn & Associates for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Jim Colyn & Associates Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Jim Colyn & Associates public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Jim Colyn & Associates
does not read any of your private online communications.
Jim Colyn & Associates encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Jim Colyn & Associates so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Jim Colyn & Associates is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Jim Colyn & Associates
and Jim Colyn & Associates family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Jim Colyn & Associates collects and uses your personal information to operate the Jim Colyn & Associates
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Jim Colyn & Associates also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Jim Colyn & Associates and its affiliates. Jim Colyn & Associates may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Jim Colyn & Associates does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Jim Colyn & Associates may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Jim Colyn & Associates
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Jim Colyn & Associates, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Jim Colyn & Associates does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Jim Colyn & Associates keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Jim Colyn & Associates, in order to determine what Jim Colyn & Associates services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Jim Colyn & Associates to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Jim Colyn & Associates Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Jim Colyn & Associates or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Jim Colyn & Associates; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Jim Colyn & Associates, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Jim Colyn & Associates Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Jim Colyn & Associates pages, or
register with Jim Colyn & Associates site or services, a cookie helps Jim Colyn & Associates
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Jim Colyn & Associates Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Jim Colyn & Associates
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Jim Colyn & Associates services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Jim Colyn & Associates secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Jim Colyn & Associates secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Jim Colyn & Associates will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Jim Colyn & Associates encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Jim Colyn & Associates is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Jim Colyn & Associates welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Jim Colyn & Associates has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Jim Colyn & Associates at host@change.me.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Terms Of Use |
Privacy Statement
Copyright 2020 Jim Colyn & Associates Quality Consultants, LLC