https://www.universalapproach.com.au/privacy-policy
Universal Approach Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Under the stage 4 restrictions imposed in Victoria, Universal Approach services can remain open for onsite work subject to COVID-safe plan.
Universal Approach Pty Ltd
Specialists in printing, mailing, packing & storage
Request A Quote
+61 3 9706 5599
Home
Printing
PrintingBooklets/MagazinesBrochuresCoastersFlyersLetterheadsMagnetsNotepadsPostersPresentation FoldersStickersVinyl StickersWith Compliments
All Products
Mailing
Packing
Envelopes
Business Cards
Banners
Specials
Categories
Advanced Search
Search
My Account
Checkout
Sign In
My CartMy Cart -
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Introduction:
This Privacy Statement applies to Universal Approach Pty Ltd (ABN 48 683 880 401) to the extent that they affect or involve the collection, use, disclosure or handling of personal information.
Universal Approach understands the importance to its clients and to their customers of the discreet and confidential handling of their personal information. It is our policy to comply with the requirements of the Privacy Act and the National Privacy Principles contained in that Act in all activities of Universal Approach involving the collection, use, disclosure and handling of personal information.
In this Privacy Statement, personal information means information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an individual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion.
Collection:
Whether for Universal Approach or its clients, Universal Approach will not collect personal information unless the information is necessary for one or more of our functions or activities. Universal Approach will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and not in an unreasonably intrusive way.
Use and Disclosure:
Universal Approach will not use or disclose personal information concerning an individual for a purpose other than the primary purpose of collection, unless the secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose of collection and if the individual would reasonably expect Universal Approach or its clients to use or disclose the information for the secondary purpose.
If it is not practicable to obtain the individual's consent and the individual has made known to Universal Approach or Universal Approach’s client the individual's desire, not to receive any further direct marketing communications, Universal Approach will cease any direct marketing communications to the individual.
Personal information collected and/or stored for one client is never used for or disclosed to another client or to any other third party.
Data Quality:
Universal Approach will take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal information that it holds is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
Security of Personal Information:
Personal information in document form is filed in secure storage with access restricted to those who specifically need it to conduct their responsibilities.
Computer records are protected with secure passwords and other security measures.
Staff who are responsible for handling records are aware of the requirements of the National Privacy Principles and the Privacy Act.
Openness:
On request by individuals, Universal Approach will make known to those individuals the types of personal information it holds, the purpose for which it is held and how Universal Approach collects, holds and uses that information.
Accuracy of Personal Information:
Universal Approach will take reasonable measures to ensure that information is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
Identifiers:
Universal Approach will not use tax file numbers or other government-issued identifiers, other than the ABN, to identify a record of personal information relating to an individual.
Anonymity:
Where practicable, Universal Approach will maintain the anonymity of an individual in a database of personal information unless the identity of the individual is necessary to perform a lawful activity.
Tran border data flows:
Universal Approach will not transfer personal information relating to an individual outside Australia unless the individual has consented to such a transfer or Universal Approach has satisfied itself that the recipient of the personal information will uphold principles for the handling of personal information which are similar to the National Privacy Principles.
Sensitive and Health Information:
Universal Approach will apply particularly stringent procedures to its collection, use, disclosure and handling of any personal information which includes sensitive information (e.g., information concerning race, religion, political affiliations) or health information.
Universal Approach's Clients:
Universal Approach will seek from its clients assurances that all such personal information has been collected lawfully and in compliance with the National Privacy Principles and that all required consents have been obtained for the intended use of that personal information.
Subcontractors:
Universal Approach requires strict compliance with the National Privacy Principles by all of its subcontractors.
Get Friendly and Professional Service
Contact US
Useful Links
Why Choose Us
BMP
ECO
Our Sevices
FAQ
Testimonials
Videos
About us
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Our Products
Flyers
Posters
Banners
Business Cards
Envelopes
Booklets - Magazines
JOIN OUR NEWSLETTER
Subscribe
We Accept
Contact Us
33 Superior DriveDandenong South VIC 3175Australia
+61 3 9706 5599
info@universalapproach.com.au
www.universalapproach.com.au
Monday - Friday : 8:30am - 5:00pm
Add to Favourites
Privacy Policy
Feedback
Sitemap
Postcode Search
Shipping Information
Returns and Refund
Universal Approach Pty Ltd © 2020. All Rights Reserved.