https://www.cookgroup.com/privacy-policy/
This website privacy policy is provided by Cook Group Incorporated (“the company”), including our affiliated companies and subsidiaries. It contains information about our practices for collecting, using, and safeguarding the information you provide to us through this website. California residents should refer to the California Privacy Policy.
Depending on your relationship with the company, additional privacy notices may apply to you and your personal information. For example, healthcare professionals and other customers should consult our Data Protection Notice and suppliers should consult our Data Protection Notice for Suppliers.
Personal information
In order to access certain options, offers, or services on our site, you will be asked to provide relevant personal information, such as contact information for enrollment in a program or information about the service you are seeking. You always have the option of unsubscribing from our commercial programs at any time. Occasionally, we may invite you to participate in a survey or poll about our site content, services, or products. Your responses will be anonymous unless you choose to provide your contact details so that we can provide you with additional information regarding the survey or poll.
Sharing your information
Consistent with applicable laws and requirements, as well as with the data protection notices that we provide in relation to various programs or projects, the personal information that you provide to us through this website may be combined with other information that we have about you from other sources, may be used by the company for marketing and promotional purposes, and/or may be shared with other companies within the Cook Group. We may also share some of it with third-party business partners who assist us with initiatives such as order fulfillment or improving our site. When we do share this information, we require those third parties to adopt measures to protect your information in a manner consistent with this policy. We do not rent or sell your information or otherwise share it with any unaffiliated third party for their own use.
There may also be limited types of legal situations in which we are required to share some of your information, such as in the event of a transfer of ownership of the business, in connection with regulatory or legal matters, where required for safety and security, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. When we do share your information in such a situation, we limit the transfer to the information that is relevant under the circumstances and, to the extent possible, require the recipient to uphold an equivalent level of protection for the data.
EU-US Privacy Shield
As further described in Cook Group Incorporated’s Privacy Shield Notice, certain Cook Group companies have certified to and comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and/or the United Kingdom to the United States. The Privacy Shield principles are: Notice; Choice (Consent); Accountability for Onward Transfer; Security; Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation; Access; and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability. For more information on the EU-US Privacy Shield or to view our certifications, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
Cross-border data transfers
As a global business, your information will be transferred and stored in the United States and other locations around the world. In addition to our limited Privacy Shield certification, Cook has also put in place appropriate measures to comply with the cross-border data transfer obligations that apply to our business. This includes, for example, relying on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses for situations that are not covered by our Privacy Shield framework, and putting in place an intra-company data transfer agreement that is aligned with those Clauses or other applicable laws.
Cookies and web tracking
We use cookies and other similar web technologies on our websites. Please read about our practices for using cookies and similar technologies, including those from third parties who we may use to advertise our products to you when you visit our, or other non-affiliated websites in the future, by clicking on our cookies notice and disclosure statement.
Safeguarding your information
To be consistent with applicable laws, we have adopted reasonable and appropriate measures that are designed to safeguard the confidentiality of your information and protect it from loss, misuse, alteration, destruction, or unauthorized access. Please note that, despite our efforts, there is always some risk that your data will be improperly accessed, including, for example, during your transmission of the information to us. We kindly remind you to safeguard any passwords and user IDs that you may obtain for restricted sections of our sites and to contact us immediately if you believe they have been compromised.
If you need to update or correct your personal information profile, you may do so directly on our website or by contacting us at the address below.
Policies for children
This website is not intended to collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 13 (or any other higher age threshold for children required by applicable data protection law). If we learn that we collected any information from anyone under the relevant age, we will purge it immediately, except for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from the individual.
Right of access, correction, or objection
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information on file with us is accurate and up-to-date. In that regard, we invite you to contact us to update your information, such as your email address if it changes, so that you can continue to receive the information that you have requested from us. In accordance with applicable laws, you may also access or request correction of the information that we have retained about you, object to the processing of your data, request that your data be sent elsewhere, or request that we delete your information. There are certain exceptions that apply to these rights, and Cook upholds them in accordance with the regional/local requirements, such as in relation to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the implementing laws in the EU member states. As noted above, you always have the right to withdraw consent to our use of your data for any marketing purpose. EU residents also have the right to contact their local supervisory authority.
Linked sites
Our website contains links to third-party (“external”) websites, and, occasionally, we may purchase space on a social media or other third-party site, such as Facebook or Shopify, to provide information about our Company, our products, or other offerings. Cook Group Incorporated does not endorse or make any representations or warranties for the accuracy of content located on linked external websites and we are not responsible for any linked external website’s privacy policies, content, products, data collection procedures, materials, software, business activities, etc. We strongly encourage you to read and review the website and other policies of those organizations. Where possible, and in accordance with applicable laws, we also post our own website privacy policy for website users who visit the pages that Cook Group Incorporated has included on those third-party sites.
Changes to this policy
We encourage you to review this policy periodically when you return to our site as we may update it from time to time to reflect changes to our practices, new requirements, and new security risks and safeguards. The changes become effective upon posting the new version of this policy, and those changes that relate to the use of personal information apply to information that is collected after posting.
Contact us
If you have any questions or if you have a complaint or claim about our data privacy practices, please contact us at the address below:
Global Director of Privacy
Cook Group Incorporated
P.O. Box 1608
Bloomington, Indiana 47402-1608
USA
Phone: +1 812.331.1025
Fax: +1 812.331.8990
Email: Privacy@CookMedical.com
For EU/EEA/Switzerland countries:
European Data Protection Officer
Cook Medical
O’Halloran Road
National Technological Park
Co. Limerick
Ireland
Phone: +353 61 334440
Email: DataProtectionEurope@CookMedical.com
For the Asia-Pacific region:
Data Privacy Manager
Cook Asia Limited
41/F, AIA Tower
183 Electric Road, North Point
Phone: +852-3472 1646
Email: DataProtectionAPAC@CookMedical.com
Policy revised in July 2020.