http://www.gtbcases.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=page.privacypolicy&CFID=119575616&CFTOKEN=8e70250f8310ae3-2A0B75C7-163E-C407-910B47D3ACC4CBC6
Toggle navigation
GTB Cases Corp.
Protective Cases
Protective Cases
Shell-Case, Ltd.
Fieldtex Products
Fieldtex Products
Fieldtex Medical
Fieldtex Military
Fieldtex Instruments
FieldTex Custom Sewn Products
Pelican Cases
Pelican Cases
Pelican Storm Cases
Pelican Laptop Cases
Micro Pelican Cases
Small Pelican Cases
Medium Pelican Cases
Large Pelican Cases
Pelican-Hardigg Rackmount Cases
Pelican Air Cases
Pelican-Hardigg V-Series Rack Mount Cases
Pelican-Hardigg V-Series Rack Mount Cases
Classic-V Sizes
Super-V Sizes
ZERO Cases
ZERO Cases
ZERO Centurion Cases
ZERO Centurion MIL-Spec Cases
ZERO Deep Drawn Cans
ZERO Modular and Reusable Containers
VAL-AN 900 Series Rackmount Front Opening Cases
ZERO Val-An Transit Cases
ZERO Valuline Instrument Cases
Zero ZeRoller Cases
Hardigg Cases
Hardigg Cases
Mobile Armory
Mobile IT
Mobile Master
Mobile Medical
Mobile Office
Ruggedized Roto Mold Cases
Custom Protective Cases
Custom Protective Cases
Military & Government
Elite Coolers
Custom Engineering
Custom Engineering
New Product Engineering Services
QA / QC Inspection & Reverse Engineering
Advanced Engineering Analysis
Lean Manufacturing Implementation
Machine Design
3D Rapid Prototyping
Metal Fabrication
Metal Fabrication
Design & Engineering
Forming, Rolling & Bending
Laser Cutting
Metal Welding
Powder Coating & Liquid Painting
Precision Metal
Sawing Machining
Shearing Services
Sheet Metal Punching
Specialty Jobs
Turnkey Assembly
Professional Grade Lighting
Professional Grade Lighting
Headsup Lites
IR and NVG Lights
LED Series
Nemo & Trade - Dive Series
Recoil LED & Trade Series
Tactical Lights
Home
Register For A Track Day
Website Privacy Policy
This document was last updated on 09/13/2008.
Click here to view our Terms of Use / Service Agreement
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
www.gtbcases.com is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing www.gtbcases.com, you acknowledge and fully understand www.gtbcases.com’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES
Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in www.gtbcases.com services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
www.gtbcases.com collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies.
Web Server Logs.
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.
The kind of browser or computer you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
Use of Cookies
www.gtbcases.com may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
www.gtbcases.com reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into www.gtbcases.com.com a site that relies on third-party cookies).
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
Personal Information Users
Visitors to our website can register to purchase products and/or services. When you register, we will request some personal information such as name, address, email, telephone number or facsimile number, account number and other relevant information. If you are purchasing a service, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider. For other types of registrations, we will ask for the relevant information. You may also be asked to disclose personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For example, such data may be warranted in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for services.
To protect ourselves from liability,
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
www.gtbcases.com Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow www.gtbcases.com to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. www.gtbcases.com may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. www.gtbcases.com prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. You may review this information by clicking here to contact us via web form
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
www.gtbcases.com has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please click here.
www.gtbcases.com will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
Sitemap
Home
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Shipping & Return Policy
Special Offers!