http://www.runza.com/privacy
Privacy | Runza
[Skip to Content]Location
Search
Close
Careers
Runza® SandwichesLegendary BurgersSidesCombo MealsVarietyGarden Fresh SaladsKids MealsDessertsChicken SandwichesDrinks
KidsJoin the Birthday ClubFranchisingProcessSupportFAQSuccess StoriesContactNutritionCheck Gift Card BalanceContact
Search
Close
PrivacyCCPAPrivacy PolicyIntroduction
Welcome to the Runza.com website (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by Runza National, Inc. (“Runza®” or “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting your privacy. We have established this privacy policy and are providing it to you so that you can understand the manner in which we collect, use, maintain, and disclose your information and the efforts we use to protect it. This policy applies to information we collect: (a) on this Site; (b) in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Site; and (c) through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Site. Please note that this policy is for the Runza.com website and does not apply to third-party websites linked from our Site. Please check the privacy policies on those web sites for more information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Age of Users
Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site, make any purchases through the Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have inadvertently and without authorization obtained any information from a child under 13, please contact us.
Individuals who are age 13 or older but under the age of 18 (individually, a “Permitted Minor”, and collectively, “Permitted Minors”) are only allowed to use the Site with the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by this policy. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a Permitted Minor without the supervision or consent of a parent or legal guardian, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have inadvertently obtained any information from a Permitted Minor without parental consent, please contact us.
California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see “Your California Privacy Rights” below for more information.
Personal Information Collected
We recognize the need for consumers to control the use and management of personal information. By personal information we mean information that can be used to identify or contact an individual. This may include, but is not limited to, a first and last name, a physical address, an email address, a credit card number, a date of birth, or a phone number. We may, from time to time, collect information from parents about their minor children (for example, we may ask about your child’s date of birth), for purposes of marketing, providing products and services, and future hiring efforts. If you are a parent providing personal information about your minor child, your provision of such information constitutes your consent to our collection of such information and your consent to our use of the information for the purposes set forth in this policy. If you are visiting our Site to browse or find information about Runza® products or services, you do not need to provide any personal information about yourself or about any other person. If you decide to register or make a purchase, however, we may collect this information so that we can provide you with the product or service you requested.
The information we collect on or through our Site may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site or purchasing our products or services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest, promotion, or sweepstakes sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Site.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.Your submission of stories to us about your experience with Runza®.Details of transactions you carry out through our Site and/or the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Site.
Automatic Information Collected
Like most website operators and social media, we collect certain information automatically, without your input, of the sort that web browsers and servers and social media typically make available, such as your internet connection, operating system, browser type, language preference, referring site or source, location data, and other usage details. Our purpose in collecting this automatic information is to better understand how our visitors use the Site and social media. This information, and information about internet IP and social media, as well as the date and time web pages are visited, are stored in various security and traffic logs. Our service provider reviews these logs, using statistical analysis, in an effort to track and predict traffic patterns and estimate resource needs. Unless we are tracking down a technical problem or we suspect either fraudulent behavior or illegal conduct, we do not trace specific user sessions.
Supplemental Technologies
Our Site uses browser cookies, session identifiers, JavaScript™, and browser detection technology to provide consumers with a more pleasant, personalized online experience. Many browsers provide consumers with the ability to disable some or all of these technologies. Disabling them, especially in the case of JavaScript™, may prevent you from viewing some webpages. Cookies we use do not place any personally identifiable information on your computer.
Third-Party Use of Supplemental Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Site are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies, alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies, to collect information about you when you use our Site. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Personal Information Use
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Site and its contents to you.To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To service your account.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.To notify you about changes to our Sites or any products or services we offer or provide though it.To contact you about potential hiring opportunities for you or your child. For example, we may collect information from you about your child’s date of birth in connection with the Runza® Rex Birthday Club, and we may retain that information until the child reaches an employable age such as 14 or 15 (depending on the circumstances), at which point we may then send you information about hiring opportunities for your child.To post stories that you submit through the Site, such as through https://www.runza.com/about/runzatic-story; provided that when we post any stories you submit through the Site, such as through https://www.runza.com/about/hall-of-fame, we will not identify you by name or address.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent.
If you submit an order through our Site, you will receive an email confirmation from our system. As your order status changes, you may also receive notifications via email. These notifications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We may also periodically send you email or social media notifications concerning products or services and newsletters. Any such notification will include instructions for opting out of future mailings. We delete credit card data following successful processing of the payment transaction.
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.To third parties to make their products or services available to you if you purchase such third-party products or services.With your consent.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our Terms of Use , our Terms of Sale, and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Runza®, our customers, or others.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we disclose information provided by you are obligated to protect your information on our behalf. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party advertisers or for any other web sites reached through links from our site.
We will not sell or trade your information to unrelated third parties without your consent.
Information Control
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of personal information you provide to us when registering for Runza® Tast-e-mail or making purchases. We use the information you provide when registering for a Runza® Tast-e-mail account to send you promotional emails and for no other purposes. After registering, you are responsible for updating your contact information as needed.
Promotions
We periodically run promotions, contests, and sweepstakes drawings. If you choose to participate in a promotion, contest, or sweepstakes, we may collect information about you in addition to the personal information generally described in this policy. We may also use the information we collect from you in ways other than those described in this policy. If you want to participate in a promotion, contest, or sweepstakes, please refer to the rules of that promotion, contest, or sweepstakes for more information on the types of information we will collect from you and how we will use that information.
Confidentiality and Security
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is protected. Our Site is hosted in a data center which makes use of multiple levels of redundant firewalls and database encryption to protect information. Internally, we limit access to your information to those employees or agents whom we believe have reasonable need to use the information to provide products or services to you, or to perform their jobs. In addition, any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
Notifications
This Site may send you e-newsletters and notifications via email or on social media in order to communicate with you and service your Runza® account. These communications are considered part of our service and may not be disabled. We will send the email, but we cannot guarantee delivery. You are responsible for providing a valid email address and for updating it when your address changes.
History
This privacy policy was last updated on June 1, 2019. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Site homepage. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Your Rights; Contact
If you do not want to have your contact information used by us to promote third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by contacting us below. If you no do not want us to retain information about your minor child beyond a certain date or if you do not want us to use information of your minor child for hiring or any other purposes, please so advise us by contacting us at the address indicated below. You may also contact us at the address indicated below to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see “Your California Privacy Rights” for more information.
Please direct all privacy-related questions and concerns to the following address:
Runza® National, Inc.                      or        website@runza.com
Attn: President
8800 Firethorn Lane, Suite 300
Lincoln, NE 68520
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit www.runza.com/ccpa.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write or email to us at the address indicated above.
Runza® is a registered trademark of Runza National, Inc.  Copyright © 2019 Runza National, Inc. All rights reserved.AboutHistoryCommunity SupportShare Your StoryRunzatic® Hall of FameOur Menu
Runza® SandwichesLegendary BurgersSidesCombo MealsVarietyGarden Fresh SaladsKids MealsDessertsChicken SandwichesDrinks
Nutrition
ShopSandwichesCinnamon RollsFunShirtsGift Cards
LocationsCareersKidsFranchisingCheck Gift Card BalanceTast-E-MailContactFood & Service FeedbackFacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube
ContactPrivacyLegalRunza®, Runzatic®, and Temperature Tuesdays® are registered trademarks of Runza National, Inc.   © 2015-2020 Runza National, Inc.