https://www.theartfile.com/terms
Subscribe to our newsletter
Home
Shop
Greeting Cards
Photo Albums & Address and Birthday Books
Christmas
Face Coverings
About Us
Exhibition dates
International Customers
News
Contact Us
Trade Area
Login
Trade Registration
Search
Subscribe to our newsletter
(0)
Keywords
Terms
Delivery: Provided we have stock, you will receive your order within 3-5 Working days. Delivery may require a signature, so please be certain to have the goods delivered to an address where someone can accept your parcel. All parcels are sent recorded delivery by Royal Mail.
Refunds: If for any reason you are not satisfied with your goods then please send an email to sales@theartfile.com and we will organise a full refund.
Privacy Policy: At The Art File we are committed to your privacy. All personal information obtained through this website is kept secure in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. The personal information requested from you at the checkout is considered the minimum required to process your order efficiently.
On occasion we would like to inform you of new products arriving or special promotions that we have on the website. We will never pass your details on for any purpose. If you would prefer not to receive emails from us, please send an email to sales@theartfile.com stating your request.
Customer Services and Support: If you have any further queries, please contact us at sales@theartfile.com
Alternatively, call us on 0115 850 7490 Monday to Friday 9.00am – 5.00pm GMT. All calls will be charged at standard rate. We will endeavour to respond to all complaints within 3 working days.
If you wish to write to us, our address is:
The Art FileUnion Chambers11 Weekday CrossNOTTINGHAMNG1 2GB
The Art File (“Company”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This is the privacy policy for www.theartfile.com (“the Website”).
By using the Website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
Who has access to your information:The Company has access to your information. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the Company is the data controller and the Company’s address is available here. The Company owns the data that it collects on the site.
The Company also uses contractors to service the site or to fulfil orders from customers. Where these contractors require access to personal information, the Company tries to seek assurances that they comply with the DPA and that your information will be kept confidential. They will not use your information except to fulfil their obligations to the Company, and will not use it except in line with this privacy notice.
The Company may have to disclose information about customers to the Company’s professional advisers to obtain professional advice.
The Company will not disclose your information to anyone else.
Location of data:The data that the Company collects from you is stored within the European Union.
Information the Company collects and uses
The Company collects and processes the following data about you:* Information that you provide by filling in forms on this website. This includes information provided at the time of registering with the Company, ordering products, posting material or requesting information or further services. The Company may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by the Company and if you report a problem with the Website.* If you contact the Company, the Company may keep a record of that correspondence.* Details of your visits to the Website including traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
IP addresses:The Company may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type. The Company uses this for Website administration. This is statistical data about the Company’s users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify you.
Cookies:The Company uses cookies to identify your computer when you are on the website. A cookie is a file sent by the website to your computer, and used by the website to identify you, to improve the Website and to deliver a personalised service.
You may configure your browser to refuse or restrict the use of cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer, go to Tools > Internet Options. If you refuse or restrict the use of cookies, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website and may not be able to purchase goods.
How the Company uses your data:The Company uses data about you in the following ways:
* To provide you with access to parts of the Website;* To allow you to purchase goods on the Website;* To allow you to supply the products or services you have requested;* To collect payment from you;* To contact you about your orders and requests;* To use and analyse the information the Company collects so that the Company can administer, support, improve and develop the Company’s services;* To tell you about important changes or developments to the Website;* To tell you about other products and services which the Company offers which may be of interest to you. The Company only does this if you have agreed to receive this type of information;
Data & password security:All data you provide to the Company is stored on the Company’s secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted. Once the Company has received data from you, the Company uses certain procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Where you have a password, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential. Do not share the password with anyone.
Sending information on the internet is not completely secure. Although the Company does its best to protect your personal data, the Company cannot guarantee the security of the data transmitted to the Website. Any transmission is at your own risk. Unless the Company has been negligent the Company is not liable for any loss arising from a breach of security.
Choice – receiving marketing emails:You can choose to receive promotional and marketing emails from the Company. You can do this by choosing to opt in to our newsletter on either forms on the web site. You can choose not to receive these emails later by choosing to unsubscribe from any received newsletters.
Other websites:This site contains links to other sites. The Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Changes to privacy policy:The Company occasionally changes this privacy policy. You should therefore look at the policy regularly.
The Art File are proud sponsors of
Let's get social:
Delivery
Terms
Privacy
Cookies
Site Map
Web Design
©2020 The Art File. All rights reserved.
Back to top