http://www.glengerybrick.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main navigation
Brick
Brick
View All Brick
By Type
By Collection
Type
Handmade
Glazed
Klaycoat®
Molded
Thin Brick
Extruded
Brick Pavers
Personalized Brick
Brick Shapes
Collection
Cushwa Brick
International
Lawrenceville
Sioux City Brick
Stone
Stone
View All Stone
By Collection
Collection
Burlington Collection
Creative Mines Collection
Landmark Collection
Natural Collection
Wall Systems
Wall Systems
View All Wall Systems
Terraçade Ceramic Façade System
Thin Tech Wall Systems
Tru-Brix Wall Systems
Feldhaus Thin Brick
Glen-Gery Thin Brick
Masonry Accessories
Mortar
Resources+Events
Resources
View All Resources
Brochures
Product & Technical Profiles
Shape Drawings
Sizes & Dimensions
Tilable Images
Videos
Events
View All Events
Inspiration
Inspiration
Gallery
Case Studies
Virtual Designer
Gallery
Residential
Commercial
Interior
View All Galleries
Title
Privacy Policy
Glen-Gery recognizes the importance of protecting the personal privacy of its website visitors. The following Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes the types of information Glen-Gery may collect and permissible use that information.
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of information in the manner described below.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Glen-Gery does not collect personal information (name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, etc.) through its website unless you provide it to us voluntarily. Glen-Gery may ask you for personal information to respond to your questions; to process or fulfill your order, request, or employment inquiry; or to register you in contests and sweepstakes. In some instances, Glen-Gery may need additional personal information in order to process or fulfill your order, request, or employment inquiry. The decision to provide the additional information rests with you; however, if you do not provide some information, you may not be able to take advantage of all of our services or special offers.
Glen-Gery will not share your personal information with third parties without your permission, except as otherwise necessary (i) to process or fulfill your order; (ii) to respond to your request or answer your inquiries, including employment inquiries, (iii) to enter you in contests, sweepstakes or other promotional activities that you voluntarily participate in, or (iv) to comply with any applicable law, court order or other judicial process. Glen-Gery may occasionally hire other companies to provide certain services on its behalf, including management of contests, sweepstakes and surveys. Glen-Gery may provide such companies with the minimum amount of personal information necessary to deliver the service. Glen-Gery will take reasonable steps to ensure that any personal information shared under these circumstances will not be used for any other purposes.
Glen-Gery does not sell or provide personal information data to non-affiliate third parties for promotional purposes, and you will not receive e-mails or mailings concerning Glen-Gery or its products, services or promotions unless you specifically elect to receive such information.
Collection and Use of Statistical Information
When you connect to our website, Glen-Gery may automatically collect technical, non-personal information. Examples include the type of Internet browser used, your computer operating system and the IP address of the website from which you linked to our website. Glen-Gery may share aggregate website statistical information (such as sales, traffic patterns or related information) with third parties to develop ideas for improving its web site and the services offered through the site. No such shared statistics will contain any personal information.
Cookies
When viewing our website, information in the form of a "cookie" or similar file may also be stored on your computer. This information helps Glen-Gery to tailor its website in a manner to better match your interests and preferences. If you do not wish to receive cookies or want to be notified when they are placed on your computer, many Internet browsers allow you to erase existing "cookies," block cookies, or warn you before a cookie is stored on your computer. Consult your specific browser's instructions to learn more about these features.
Access by Children
Glen-Gery has no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our web site. If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without consent from a parent or guardian, the child's parent or guardian should contact us, and we will take reasonable steps to remove the information from our files.
Modification or Deletion of Personal Information
If you need to change or correct any personal information provided to us, or wish to have all personal information we have collected removed from our files, please contact us and we will take reasonable steps to comply with your request.
Security
Although no system is currently 100% immune from external attack, Glen-Gery has taken commercially reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of your personal information.
Scope of Policy and Third Party Sites
This Policy applies only to this website. The privacy policy of other web sites, including those accessible by links from this site, may differ from ours. We encourage you to read the privacy policy for each website you visit, to ensure you understand and agree with the applicable policy.
Changes to Policy
Glen-Gery reserves the right to change the Policy at any time without notice. Policy revisions are effective upon posting and apply only to data collected thereafter. You should periodically visit this Glen-Gery to review the current terms.
Whether you’re building a new home or planning a special project, you’ll find everything you need at a Glen-Gery Masonry Supply Center.
Where to Buy
Sign Up For Trending Design and Styles
Your Email