http://www.foraco.com/privacy/
Linked In Facebook Twitter Contact Us
English
EnglishFrançais
Foraco
i3
Company
Company Overview
Directors
Management
Corporate Governance
Capabilities
Our Capabilities
Where We Work
Mining Services
Water Services
Equipment
Core Case Studies
Investors
Why Invest with Foraco?
News Releases
Events Calendar
Financials & Earnings
Analysts
Investor Briefcase
Shareholder Information
Contact
Careers
Careers at Foraco
Contact
Foraco Offices
Request for Information
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION CHARTER
1.    Purpose of  Personal Date Protection Charter
FORACO undertakes, in the course of its activities and in accordance with the applicable legislation, to ensure the protection, confidentiality and security of the Users personal data using Foraco website, as well as to respect their privacy.
By connecting to or consulting FORACO website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accepted, without limitation or reservation, this “Personal Data Protection Charter” (the “Charter”) and the general terms and conditions to use the website.
2.    Collect and Use of Personal Data
We may ask you for personal data for the use of certain services. Depending on the services you subscribe to, you will be asked to provide certain information, mandatory or optional, such as your name and email address (“Personal Data”). In our online form, the required fields are marked with an asterisk. If you do not answer the mandatory questions, we will not be able to provide you with the requested information.
If you are on the mailing list for financial (or other) information by e-mail, you may opt out of receiving such information either as indicated below or by following the instructions at the end of these e-mails when you receive them.
3.    Cookies
The Foraco website (www.foraco.com) uses cookies. The user is informed that, during his visits to the site, a cookie may be automatically installed on his browser. These files, stored on your computer, are used to facilitate your access to the services offered by FORACO. A cookie is a block of data that does not allow the user to be identified but is used to record information relating to the user’s navigation on the site. The purpose of using these cookies is to carry out traffic analyses, audience measurements, statistics and traffic volumes in order to improve the quality of the site, as well as to identify you when you connect to the site. Site cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and are only used to keep this site running smoothly.
You can prevent these “cookies” from being saved by configuring your computer by disabling this option in your browser settings. However, if you configure your browser to refuse all cookies (including cookies essential to user functions), it is possible that some essential and/or partial functions of our website may not be accessible.
4.    Communication of Personal Data
FORACO reserves the right to disclose at any time any information from the site concerning users, in order to satisfy legislative or regulatory requirements and to report to the competent authorities information concerning violations of the regulations applicable to the site by users as well as any activity that may be illegal.
FORACO does not sell any personal information to third parties.
5.       Right of opposition, right of access, modification and deletion of Personal Data
In accordance with the regulations in force, you have the right to access, modify, rectify, delete and oppose for legitimate reasons the processing and distribution of your personal data.
To this end, the user is invited to contact FORACO at the following address: dataprotection@20.188.47.23
In accordance with the legislation protecting personal information, the right of access to Personal Data is a personal right that can only be exercised by the concerned person in relation to his or her own information. The user acknowledges that he or she is authorized to produce the personal information concerned.
However, the data controller reserves the right to refuse any request that would be considered abusive.
6.       Personal Data Process
FORACO makes every effort to process Personal Data in accordance with the intended purpose. FORACO sets a duration of conservation according to the nature of the Personal Data collected and of the purpose of their collection.
7.       Security
FORACO implements appropriate measures to preserve the security and confidentiality of Personal Data and, in particular, to prevent it from being distorted, damaged, or accessed by unauthorized third parties.
8.       Modification
FORACO reserves the right to update and modify the provisions of this Charter as necessary and without notice.
The user is invited to review the terms of this Charter regularly so that he/she is aware of how FORACO uses Personal Data.
Foracoi3
Company
Capabilities
Investors
Careers
Contact
Foraco
i3
Company
Capabilities
Investors
Careers
Contact
Linked In Facebook Twitter
Contact Us
© 2020. Foraco International SA is the copyright holder for this and any subsidiary websites and/or promotional materials herein located. All rights are reserved worldwide.
Privacy is important to us.
There are rules to using this website.