http://www.baltlife.com/legal-notices
Important Notice:
Baltimore Life’s utmost concern is the safety of our customers, their families, and our colleagues. While our workforce is working remotely, we remain open for business. If you have questions about your policy, please feel free to contact your agent directly or our Policyholder Relations department at (800) 628-5433. Read a message from our President and CEO.
Get Quote
Contact Us
Agent Login
Menu
Advice & Guidance
Advice & Guidance
Explore My Needs
Life Insurance
Retirement Planning
Critical Life Needs
Achieve Financial Fitness
Insurance at the Workplace
Planning Tools
Calculators
Video Learning
Fundamentals
Life Insurance
Long-Term Care
Health
Disability Income
Products & Services
Products & Services
Products
Life Insurance
Retirement
Workplace
Services
Financial Needs Analysis
ScriptSave® WellRx Card
Personal Planning Guide
Grants Program
Identification Program
Join Us
Join Us
Career Agency Sales Group
Baltimore Life Sales Agent
Independent Agents
Agent for Independent Marketing Organizations
Corporate Office
Careers at our Corporate Office
About Us
About Us
Corporate Information
Our Mission
Financial Overview
Our Leadership
Our History & Values
Giving Back
Ratings
Sales Distribution
Press Room
Logo Center
Media Contacts
Press Releases
Customer Support
Customer Support
Frequently Asked Questions
Claims
Customer Service
Payments
Make a Payment
Home / Legal Notices /
Legal Notices
Expand All
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by The Baltimore Life Companies*. You may forward any correspondence to the following postal address: 10075 Red Run Boulevard, Owings Mills, Maryland 21117-4871. You may also telephone us at (800) 628-5433, or e-mail us.
We recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide to us and how we treat that information. To answer these concerns, we have developed the following Privacy Policy. Please note that this Policy may be updated from time to time.
Our Policy
Personally-identifiable information from individuals is not collected by this web site unless the user provides it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means you do not have to provide any personal information to us before viewing our public site. However, if you participate in any giveaway promotion through use of our web site, and complete the request form, you specifically agree to be contacted by us and placed on our mailing list. As such, we may contact you from time to time.
Cookies
Many companies use "cookie" technology on their web sites. Baltimore Life also takes advantage of this technology. Cookies are small electronic files stored on your computer by your browser. When you visit our web site, the cookie tells us whether you are a new visitor or whether you have visited us in the past. Cookies do not obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie does not extract any information from your computer. We do use the cookie to help us identify site features in which you have the greatest interest. This data will help us provide better site content and layout.
Third-Party Information Sharing
All personal information that you voluntarily supply to us through this web site is treated with the utmost confidentiality. Baltimore Life does not share this information with anyone outside of our company.
Social Security Number Privacy Protection Policy
Baltimore Life strives to protect the security and confidentiality of Social Security numbers that we obtain in the course of business. We limit access to Social Security numbers and maintain strong security controls that are designed to safeguard Social Security numbers from unlawful disclosure.
* The Baltimore Life Companies consist of The Baltimore Life Insurance Company and Baltimore Financial Brokerage, Inc.
Do Not Call Policy
At Baltimore Life (referred to as “we”, “our” or “us”), we value your privacy and respect your right to avoid unwanted solicitation phone calls. We screen all telephone numbers against the National Do Not Call Registry and the applicable state do not call lists prior to placing ALL phone calls, with the exception of calls to current or recent customers with whom we have an established business relationship or calls to an individual that has recently initiated contact with us or granted us express written permission to call, which is permitted by law. We adhere to federal and state requirements for making such calls and reserve the right to make them under these circumstances. Contracted independent agents are not Baltimore Life employees, and are solely responsible for compliance with federal and state do not call laws.
If you are a current or recent customer, we may contact you to tell you about a new product or offering that we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such calls, you must request that your phone number be added to our company do not call list. Our company list is in addition to the national or any state do not call list on which you may have registered. Please understand that adding your phone number to our company list would prevent us from calling you regarding the sale of a new Baltimore Life product or offering. If you wish to add your phone number to our company do not call list, you may inform our representative who contacted you or call our Customer Service department toll free at 1.800.628.5433.
Social Media Disclaimer
For your security, do not post personal information such as phone numbers, account numbers, or any other financial or personal information.
We welcome your opinions, but please show respect for others. Any obscene, abusive, or threatening content will be removed from the site. Posts containing advertising or solicitation may be removed. Opinions posted on our social networking sites are those of whoever posted them and do not necessarily reflect the views of Baltimore Life. The views or opinions expressed in third-party posts are not necessarily endorsed by Baltimore Life, unless noted otherwise.
Social media sites are third-party sites not affiliated with Baltimore Life, and are responsible for their own privacy and security policies.
Miscellaneous
The Baltimore Life Companies (NAIC Number 61212). Information contained herein may not be reproduced without the express permission of The Baltimore Life Insurance Company.
The Baltimore Life Insurance Company is domiciled in Maryland. It is licensed in all states except New York. It is not licensed outside the United States.
Legal Notices
Copyright © 1998-2020 The Baltimore Life Insurance Company
Employee Login