http://www.hostsg.com/legal/aup.php
Sales: +65 6305 9999
WEB SOLUTION
Cloud Sites
Cloud Email
Email Archiving
Starter Hosting
Domain Name
SSL Certificate
BUSINESS HOSTING
Business Linux Hosting
Business Windows Hosting
Business Cloud Hosting
ENTERPRISE HOSTING
Linux VPS Hosting
Windows VPS Hosting
Dedicated Server
Colocation
SUPPORT
Open A Ticket
Transfer to HostSG
Pre-Sales Question
User Guides
COMPANY
About HostSG
Awards & Achievement
Network Infrastructure
Our Clients
Channel Partners
Guarantees
Contact Us
ORDER ONLINE
Legal
Please Read Through Our Policies For Service Agreements
Home › Legal
› Acceptable Usage Policy
Acceptable Usage Policy
As a provider of Internet access, web site hosting, and other
Internet-related services, HostSG offers its customers (also known as
subscribers), and their customers and users, the means to acquire and
disseminate a wealth of public, private, commercial, and non-commercial
information. HostSG respects that the Internet provides a forum for free
and open discussion and dissemination of information, however, when
there are competing interests at issue, HostSG reserves the right to
take certain preventative or corrective actions. In order to protect
these competing interests, HostSG has developed an Acceptable Use Policy
("AUP"), which supplements and explains certain terms of each
customer's respective service agreement and is intended as a guide to
the customer's rights and obligations when utilizing HostSG's services.
This AUP will be revised from time to time. A customer's use of HostSG's
services after changes to the AUP are posted on HostSG's web site,
www.hostsg.com, will constitute the customer's acceptance of any new or
additional terms of the AUP that result from those changes.
One important aspect of the Internet is that no one
party owns or controls it. This fact accounts for much of the Internet's
openness and value, but it also places a high premium on the judgment
and responsibility of those who use the Internet, both in the
information they acquire and in the information they disseminate to
others. When subscribers obtain information through the Internet, they
must keep in mind that HostSG cannot monitor, verify, warrant, or vouch
for the accuracy and quality of the information that subscribers may
acquire. For this reason, the subscriber must exercise his or her best
judgment in relying on information obtained from the Internet, and also
should be aware that some material posted to the Internet is sexually
explicit or otherwise offensive. Because HostSG cannot monitor or censor
the Internet, and will not attempt to do so, HostSG cannot accept any
responsibility for injury to its subscribers that results from
inaccurate, unsuitable, offensive, or illegal Internet communications.
When subscribers disseminate information through the
Internet, they also must keep in mind that HostSG does not review, edit,
censor, or take responsibility for any information its subscribers may
create. When users place information on the Internet, they have the same
liability as other authors for copyright infringement, defamation, and
other harmful speech. Also, because the information they create is
carried over HostSG's network and may reach a large number of people,
including both subscribers and nonsubscribers of HostSG, subscribers'
postings to the Internet may affect other subscribers and may harm
HostSG's goodwill, business reputation, and operations. For these
reasons, subscribers violate HostSG policy and the service agreement
when they, their customers, affiliates, or subsidiaries engage in the
following prohibited activities:
Spamming -- Sending unsolicited bulk and/or
commercial messages over the Internet (known as "spamming"). It is not
only harmful because of its negative impact on consumer attitudes toward
HostSG, but also because it can overload HostSG's network and disrupt
service to HostSG subscribers. Also, maintaining an open SMTP relay is
prohibited. When a complaint is received, HostSG has the discretion to
determine from all of the evidence whether the email recipients were
from an "opt-in" email list.
Intellectual Property Violations -- Engaging in
any activity that infringes or misappropriates the intellectual property
rights of others, including copyrights, trademarks, service marks,
trade secrets, software piracy, and patents held by individuals,
corporations, or other entities. Also, engaging in activity that
violates privacy, publicity, or other personal rights of others. HostSG
is required by law to remove or block access to customer content upon
receipt of a proper notice of copyright infringement. HostSG
reserves
the right to remove or block access to customer content upon receipt
of
notice of copyright infringement. It is also HostSG's policy to
terminate
the privileges of customers who commit repeat violations of
copyright laws.
Obscene Speech or Materials -- Using HostSG's
network to advertise, transmit, store, post, display, or otherwise make
available child pornography or obscene speech or material. HostSG is
required by law to notify law enforcement agencies when it becomes aware
of the presence of child pornography on or being transmitted through
HostSG's network.
Defamatory or Abusive Language -- Using HostSG's network as a means to transmit or post defamatory, harassing, abusive, or threatening language.
Forging of Headers -- Forging or misrepresenting message headers, whether in whole or in part, to mask the originator of the message.
Illegal or Unauthorized Access to Other Computers or Networks -- Accessing illegally or without authorization computers, accounts, or
networks belonging to another party, or attempting to penetrate
security measures of another individual's system (often known as
"hacking"). Also, any activity that might be used as a precursor to an
attempted system penetration (i.e. port scan, stealth scan, or other
information gathering activity).
Distribution of Internet Viruses, Worms, Trojan Horses, or Other Destructive Activities -- Distributing information regarding the creation of and sending
Internet viruses, worms, Trojan horses, pinging, flooding, mailbombing,
or denial of service attacks. Also, activities that disrupt the use of
or interfere with the ability of others to effectively use the network
or any connected network, system, service, or equipment.
Facilitating a Violation of this AUP --
Advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available any software,
program, product, or service that is designed to violate this AUP, which
includes the facilitation of the means to spam, initiation of pinging,
flooding, mailbombing, denial of service attacks, and piracy of
software.
Export Control Violations -- Exporting encryption software over the Internet or otherwise, to points outside Singapore.
Usenet Groups -- HostSG reserves the right not
to accept postings from newsgroups where we have actual knowledge that
the content of the newsgroup violates the AUP.
Other Illegal Activities -- Engaging in
activities that are determined to be illegal, including advertising,
transmitting, or otherwise making available ponzi schemes, pyramid
schemes, fraudulently charging credit cards, and pirating software.
Other Activities -- Engaging in activities,
whether lawful or unlawful, that HostSG determines to be harmful to its
subscribers, operations, reputation, goodwill, or customer relations.
As we have pointed out, the responsibility for avoiding
the harmful activities just described rests primarily with the
subscriber. HostSG will not, as an ordinary practice, monitor the
communications of its subscribers to ensure that they comply with HostSG
policy or applicable law. When HostSG becomes aware of harmful
activities, however, it may take any action to stop the harmful
activity, including but not limited to, removing information, shutting
down a web site, implementing screening software designed to block
offending transmissions, denying access to the Internet, or take any
other action it deems appropriate.
HostSG also is aware that many of its subscribers are,
themselves, providers of Internet services, and that information
reaching HostSG's facilities from those subscribers may have originated
from a customer of the subscriber or from another third-party. HostSG
does not require its subscribers who offer Internet services to monitor
or censor transmissions or web sites created by customers of its
subscribers. HostSG has the right to directly take action against a
customer of a subscriber. Also, HostSG may take action against the
HostSG subscriber because of activities of a customer of the subscriber,
even though the action may effect other customers of the subscriber.
Similarly, HostSG anticipates that subscribers who offer Internet
services will cooperate with HostSG in any corrective or preventive
action that HostSG deems necessary. Failure to cooperate with such
corrective or preventive measures is a violation of HostSG policy.
HostSG also is concerned with the privacy of on-line
communications and web sites. In general, the Internet is neither more
nor less secure than other means of communication, including mail,
facsimile, and voice telephone service, all of which can be intercepted
and otherwise compromised. As a matter of prudence, however, HostSG
urges its subscribers to assume that all of their on-line communications
are insecure. HostSG cannot take any responsibility for the security of
information transmitted over HostSG's facilities.
HostSG will not intentionally monitor private
electronic mail messages sent or received by its subscribers unless
required to do so by law, governmental authority, or when public safety
is at stake. HostSG may, however, monitor its service electronically to
determine that its facilities are operating satisfactorily. Also, HostSG
may disclose information, including but not limited to, information
concerning a subscriber, a transmission made using our network, or a web
site, in order to comply with a court order, subpoena, summons,
discovery request, warrant, statute, regulation, or governmental
request. HostSG assumes no obligation to inform the subscriber that
subscriber information has been provided and in some cases may be
prohibited by law from giving such notice. Finally, HostSG may disclose
subscriber information or information transmitted over its network where
necessary to protect HostSG and others from harm, or where such
disclosure is necessary to the proper operation of the system.
HostSG expects that its subscribers who provide
Internet services to others will comply fully with all applicable laws
concerning the privacy of on-line communications. A subscriber's failure
to comply with those laws will violate HostSG policy. Finally, HostSG
wishes to emphasize that in signing the service agreement, subscribers
indemnify HostSG for any violation of the service agreement, law, or
HostSG policy, that results in loss to HostSG or the bringing of any
claim against HostSG by any third-party. This means that if HostSG is
sued because of a subscriber's or customer of a subscriber's activity,
the subscriber will pay any damages awarded against HostSG, plus costs
and reasonable attorneys' fees.
We hope this AUP is helpful in clarifying the
obligations of Internet users, including HostSG and its subscribers, as
responsible members of the Internet. Any complaints about a subscriber's
violation of this AUP should open a support ticket at https://manage.hostsg.com/submitticket.php
Terms and Condition
Acceptable Usage Policy
Web Design TOC
Privacy Policy
Billing Policy
Money Back Guarantee
WE CAN HELP
Want to find out more about our hosting solution?
Call us at : +65 6305 9999
Email us
WEB SOLUTION
CLOUD SITES
CLOUD EMAIL
EMAIL ARCHIVING
STARTER HOSTING
DOMAIN NAMES
SSL CERTIFICATE
EMAIL MARKETING
BUDGET HOSTING
BUSINESS HOSTING
BUSINESS LINUX HOSTING
BUSINESS WINDOWS HOSTING
BUSINESS CLOUD HOSTING
ENTERPRISE HOSTING
LINUX VPS HOSTING
WINDOWS VPS HOSTING
DEDICATED SERVERS
COLOCATION
IT OUTSOURCING
COMPANY
ABOUT HOSTSG
AWARD & ACHIEVEMENT
NETWORK
OUR CLIENTS
CHANNEL PARTNERS
GUARANTEES
CONTACT US
Follow us:
HostSG specialized in offering Web Hosting, Dedicated Server and Domain Name and VPS Hosting since 1997. Trusted by over 280,000+ users worldwide.
750C Chai Chee Road
#02-02 Viva Business Park
Singapore 469003
Copyrights © 1997-2017 HostSG - Singapore Web Hosting Company
GST Registered as of 5 May 2014
Legal | Privacy Policy | Sitemap