http://www.marketbuilding.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Why MBT?
Services + Packages
Ask Mr. Marketing
Contact
Back
Why MBT?
About Those Guarantees
Experience and Industries
Case Histories
Testimonials
Privacy CommitmentsPrivacy commitments are fundamental to the way Rob does business every day. These apply to everyone with whom he has a relationship, including clients and web site visitors.Rob will protect your privacy and keep your personal information safe. He uses encryption and other security safeguards to protect customer data. He will not sell your personal information to anyone, for any purpose. Period!Your information will not be used for marketing purposes beyond receipt of Rob’s monthly newsletter or similar promotions from him. Please feel free to unsubscribe to these promotions at any time, and Rob promises to not be offended. You are in control of your information.Rob and his team want to hear from you. You can send them questions or feedback on this privacy policy at any time. Contact Rob and his team by mail at MBT Consulting, PO Box 270241, San Diego, CA  92198; by e-mail at rob@marketbuilding.com; or via telephone at 858-774-2420.Privacy PolicyThis is the web site of Rob Weinberg, a marketing consultant doing business as MBT Consulting and/or MarketBuilding Team. The postal address is PO Box 270241, San Diego, CA
92198. Rob can be reached via e-mail at rob@marketbuilding.com or via telephone at 858-774-2420.He collects information volunteered explicitly by visitors to this web site, such as requests for white papers, handbooks, or brochures, registrations for archived Web events, and subscriptions to my blog or newsletter, as well as information provided through your web browser: “hits”, search terms, etc.If you supply Rob with your e-mail address or telephone number, you may receive contact via e-mail or telephone in follow-up to your request, or via his newsletter or other information regarding new material, services, events, or other offers that he believes may be of interest to you.If you supply him with your postal address online, you may also receive periodic mailings with information on new material, events, or other offers that he believes may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let him know by sending an e-mail or writing to him at the above address.If you choose to visit any third party site after leaving this website, that third party may place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising purposes. The types of data collected for targeted advertising purposes could include IP addresses, cookie identifiers, website activity, for example. This data may be used by third parties to target advertising on other sites based on your online activity. You may opt out of receiving targeted advertising by visiting the DAA opt-out site www.aboutads.info or the NAI opt-out site networkadvertising.org/choices, or for those in Europe, the EDAA opt out site youronlinechoices.eu.From time to time Rob may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. If his information practices change at some time in the future, he will post the policy changes to this web site to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at this web site periodically.Upon request Rob also offers visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Visitors can have this information corrected by sending the correct information via e-mail, or writing to him at the above address.If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact Rob at the above address or phone number.You may choose to unsubscribe at any time via a link contained within each e-mail communication, or by sending rob an e-mail, or writing to him at the above address.No LiabilityRob Weinberg, MBT Consulting, MarketBuilding Team, its agents, employees, or subcontractors shall not be held liable to anyone under any circumstances for any errors, omissions or inaccuracies on this website. The entire risk for utilizing the information contained on MBT Consulting Websites and related web sites rests solely with the users of these sites.Updated March 31, 2020