http://www.numerix.com/privacy-policy
Numerix Privacy Policy
Home
Share
Your right to privacy and data security is a significant concern of Numerix LLC and our subsidiaries [henceforth referred to as Numerix]. Numerix has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy.
This policy explains when and why we collect personal information about our customers, partners, prospects and consultants, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this policy from time to time so please check this policy occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices, should be sent by email to support@numerix.com or by writing to our corporate office at, 99 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, NY, NY  10016.
DEFINITIONS
The capitalized terms listed below have the following meaning in this Policy:
“CUSTOMER” means the counterparty to a Service or license Agreement with NUMERIX;
“CUSTOMER DATA SUBJECTS” shall mean the former and current directors, officers and employees and customers of Numerix
“DATA PROTECTION LAWS” means in relation to any Personal Data which is Processed in the performance of the Service/License Agreement, the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR") together with all implementing laws and any other applicable data protection, privacy laws or privacy regulations;
“PERSONAL DATA” or "PII" means any information through which a Customer Data Subject can be identified directly or indirectly;
“SERVICES/LICENSES” means services or software NUMERIX provides to the Customer under the Service/License Agreement;
“SERVICE/LICENSE AGREEMENT” means any written contract, any written statement of work, or any other written binding agreement, including any annexes thereto, between NUMERIX and the Customer;
“NUMERIX” means NUMERIX or any of its entities that is the contracting entity to the Service/License Agreement;
INFORMATION GATHERED AUTOMATICALLY
Please see our Cookie Policy for more information.
WEBSITE TERMS & CONDITIONS
Our Policy as it pertains to web information collected on NUMERIX web properties can be found in our Website Terms and Conditions.
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU?
We obtain information about you from you. We do this so that we can conduct business with you and your company. The data we hold is very restricted and generic in nature.
WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION IS COLLECTED FROM YOU?
Through your interactions with Numerix, and the use of our web properties, we may collect business, behavioral and personal information about you. Numerix only retains personal information (PII) when it is necessary to conducting our business with you. The scope of information we use and retain may include but is not limited to:
Identity information such as Name, Title, Country of Residence
Cookies or IP address – see our Cookie Policy for more information
Business contact information such as work phone and business email address – which are owned by your company
Mobile phone – only in select instances
Behavioral, geographic or demographic attributes – used to track preferences, assign regional sales representation, maintain our relationship with you, etc. /li>
If you have provided any forms of PII to Numerix, such as a mobile phone number; home phone number, it is your option to request the removal of such data.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
Numerix may use your personal information for the purposes specified at the time it was collected. This may include but is not limited to the following purposes:
to provide access to content and news from Numerix;
to enable the company to carry out surveys designed to improve the quality of the service provided
to support your needs as a customer or partner through our customer portal or by phone or email;
to send updates on user groups and information regarding the products and services offered by the company;
to provide release and product updates.
To provide these services to you we may do so by email; regular mail or telephone.
In addition, NUMERIX uses aggregated data – to the extent this can no longer be considered Personal Data - for analysing purposes, for website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, for statistical purposes and for improving the quality of its Services.
Numerix uses certain trusted third parties (for example, providers of customer support and IT services) to help us provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. These third parties will access your information only to perform tasks on our behalf in compliance with this Policy, and we’ll remain responsible for their handling of your information per our instructions.
NUMERIX shall not process, transfer, modify, amend or alter the Personal Data or disclose or permit the disclosure of the Personal Data to any third party and will not do so without your express consent other than:
as necessary to provide the Services/Support/Licenses of the Customer, or
as required to comply with Data Protection Laws or other laws to which NUMERIX is subject, in which case NUMERIX shall (to the extent permitted by law) inform Customer of that legal requirement before processing the Personal Data.
What are your rights around this data?
As the personal data owner, you have the right to:
Access your personal data
Correct errors in your personal data
Erase your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Export personal data
You can withdraw your consent of access at any time; you have the right “to be forgotten” (a request of complete deletion).
At Numerix, we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information as described above and for that period necessary to perform these services.
The provision of consent is conditional. It may be rescinded at any time. However, should you decide to avail yourself of this option it may become untenable for Numerix to support you or the deployment of our software at your location. If you wish to rescind any or all of the PII we hold for you please let us know by return email. Please be aware that Numerix does not share or sell your information to any third party and will not do so without your express consent.
IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SHARED?
Numerix may use your personal information for the purposes specified at the time it was collected. By sharing your information with this website, you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide to Numerix including to transport, share, and utilize your information across our parent company and global subsidiaries in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Numerix does not rent, sell or otherwise distribute to third parties, your personal information collected on this Website without your consent, unless required by law or as disclosed to you when the information is collected. Such third parties do not include our partners, website hosting providers, or other parties who assist Numerix in operating this Website. Numerix may use your personal information for other purposes where permitted by law, such as to provide you with better customer service, to provide you with targeted promotions, to fulfill a request you have made, to assist us in conducting business, or to contact you if necessary. If you do provide Numerix with consent to share your information with other companies, Numerix may share your information with companies who offer products and services that may be of interest to you. These companies may then contact you directly with product or offers, personalized offers and information, or to ask for your feedback on products and programs that they think may be of interest to you. If you subscribe to one of our mailing lists you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking here.
HOW CAN YOU UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION?
If you want to update any personal information you previously provided to Numerix, you can do so via any of the following ways: - send an email to support@numerix.com with an explanation of your specific request; or write to: Numerix LLC, Attn: Support Department – Privacy Request; 99 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10016 USA with an explanation of your specific request.
In jurisdictions where your consent is required at the point of collection before any sharing of your information can take place, you will be notified at the collection point that your information will be shared, and submission of your contact information will be confirmation of your consent to opt-in for the transfer of your contact information to the referenced third party.
Different countries and states may require specific privacy policies to be provided, and so, will only apply to you provided you live in such a jurisdiction. Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding Numerix’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To request such information, please contact us through the “Contact” page. If you are a Germany resident, please be aware that by transferring your name, postal address, phone number, E-mail address, VAT ID (optional), company name (optional), and information about selected products and services may be transferred from Numerix Deutschland GmbH (An der Welle 4, 60322 Frankfurt/Main, Germany) to Numerix’s IT-service provider and their vendors and to Numerix LLC (99 Park Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, New York 10016 U.S.A.)
Please be advised that in certain instances, it may be required for Numerix to disclose your personal information to a governmental body by law for example under a: subpoena, warrant or court-issued request for information.
HOW DOES NUMERIX SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION?
Numerix uses reasonable electronic, physical, and administrative means to protect your personally identifying information from improper access and disclosure. Even so, security breaches and mistakes can and do happen and Numerix does not guarantee the security of personal information you may provide. Also, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Numerix does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Numerix, and you do so at your own risk. Numerix shall not be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access. Numerix may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by updating this posting, without prior separate notice to you.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
Any Personal Data held by NUMERIX shall be kept confidential. Numerix staff is trained to do the same. NUMERIX has implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security of the Personal Data appropriate to the risk required pursuant to applicable Data Protection Laws and, where the Processing concerns personal data of EU residents, shall take all measures required pursuant to article 32 GDPR.
Last Revised: May 22, 2018
View All Awards