http://www.srtechnics.com/legal/cookie-guideline/
Home
Cookie Guideline
INTRODUCTION
This cookie guideline (“Cookie Guideline”) relates to the website http://www.srtechnics.com/ and/or any sub-website and/or associated domains (and/or sub-domains) of http://www.srtechnics.com/ hereinafter referred to as the “Site” owned by SR Technics Switzerland Ltd and its affiliated companies (individually and collectively “SR Technics”). In this Cookie Guideline, "We", "Us", "Our", “Ourselves” and/or “SR Technics” shall refer to “SR Technics” and "You" and "Your" and “User” refer to an identified or identifiable natural person being the user of this Site and/or client of any of SR Technics’ services. Our full details, including contact details, can be read below. We process your personal data (as defined in the GDPR) only in compliance with the applicable laws, in particular the Privacy and Electronic Communications ("EC Directive") Regulations 2003 and of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). For more information about how We process Your personal data, please read Our Privacy Guideline.
CONTENTS OF THIS COOKIE GUIDELINE
INTRODUCTION
CONTENTS OF THIS COOKIE GUIDELINE
WHAT ARE COOKIES
WHY WE USE COOKIES
ESSENTIAL COOKIES
NON-ESSENTIAL COOKIES
SPECIFIC COOKIES USED ON THIS SITE
HOW TO DELETE OR DISABLE COOKIES VIA YOUR BROWSER
COMPANY DETAILS
UPDATES
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Our Site uses a technology called “cookies”. A cookie is an element of data (usually a very small file) that a website can send to Your browser, which may then store it on Your computer or mobile device.  These cookies allow Us to correctly operate the Site and/or to provide You with web pages or content that are tailored to You. For example, some cookies remember Your custom preferences. This information can, in some cases, be carried from one visit of our Site (or related site) to the next (for example, to help You avoid having to re-enter certain information when You visit the same page later. Some of these cookies require Your consent (as explained below).
Some cookies are created for each session when You visit Our Site, while others are persistent and may remain for a number of months or years to facilitate Your access to Our Site.
WHY WE USE COOKIES
We absolutely respect Your right to privacy. We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our Site and to make Your website experience better.  You can remove any cookies already stored on Your computer or mobile device (as explained below) but this may prevent You from using parts of this Site or may cause You to see this message, or part thereof, again.
Apart from the cookies We make use of Ourselves, Google Analytics cookies may also be stored on Your computer or mobile device (https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies). We strongly suggest that You read the cookie policies of any such third-party cookies.
ESSENTIAL AND NON-ESSENTIAL COOKIES
We divide cookies into two main categories namely:
1) ESSENTIAL COOKIES. These are strictly necessary to ensure that the Site functions in Your everyday use of it or for Us to provide You with the service(s) You expect from Us. Cookies used for the sole purpose of carrying out or facilitating the transmission of a communication will also be considered as essential cookies. The duration of the cookies used is in most cases restricted to a particular session, meaning that cookies cannot persist on the user terminal after the user is no longer using the website. We do not require Your consent to use such essential cookies but You may still block or delete them (see below).
Some examples of essential cookies as found in the European Commission’s EU Internet Handbook (see http://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm) are as follows:
USER INPUT cookies (session-id) such as first party cookies to keep track of the User's input when filling online forms, shopping carts, etc., for the duration of a session or persistent cookies limited to a few hours in some cases
AUTHENTICATION cookies, to identify the User once he has logged in, for the duration of a session
USER CENTRIC SECURITY cookies, used to detect authentication abuses, for a limited persistent duration
MULTIMEDIA CONTENT PLAYER cookies, used to store technical data to play back video or audio content, for the duration of a session
LOAD BALANCING cookies, for the duration of session
USER INTERFACE CUSTOMISATION cookies such as language or font preferences, for the duration of a session (or slightly longer)
THIRD PARTY SOCIAL PLUG IN CONTENT SHARING cookies, for logged in members of a social network
2) NON-ESSENTIAL COOKIES. These are not required for the essential functioning of the Site, although they may greatly enhance Your experience of using Our Site. For example, non-essential cookies may be used for the following reasons:
PREFERENCES. These cookies would remember Your custom preferences. For example, this helps You avoid having to re-enter certain information when You visit the same page later;
MARKETING. Here, the cookies would be used to gather information about Your browsing habits allowing Us to provide You with more relevant information and material that would be of interest to You;
STATISTICS. These help Us gather information about users on Our Site(s), such as when You first visited the Site and/or how often You access it and at what particular time. These also include cookies that log how You came across the Site, using which search engine or other link.
WE SHALL ONLY PLACE NON-ESSENTIAL COOKIES ON YOUR COMPUTER OR MOBILE DEVICE IF YOU CONSENT TO THAT SPECIFIC CATEGORY OF COOKIE being placed by way of a pop-up on relevant areas of our Site the first time you visit it and possibly subsequently (if necessary) and/or by accepting this Cookie Guideline (or other similarly effective mechanism). This will not prevent You from deleting or disabling cookies by modifying Your browser settings as explained below.
YOU MAY WITHDRAW SUCH CONSENT FOR NON-ESSENTIAL COOKIES AT ANY TIME BY THE SAME METHOD IN WHICH YOU GAVE IT TO US.
SPECIFIC COOKIES USED ON THIS SITE:
The specific cookies we use on our Site are as follows:
Name of Cookie
Purpose of Cookie
First or Third Party
Session Cookie or Persistent Cookie?
Type (HTTP/Local Storage etc.)
_gat
_gat is used to throttle requests
3rd party
has an expiration of 10-minutes
HTTP
_gid
_gid is used to distinguish users
3rd party
has an expiration of 24-hours
HTTP
_ga
_ga is used to distinguish users
3rd party
has an expiration of 2-years
HTTP
HOW TO DELETE OR DISABLE COOKIES VIA YOUR BROWSER
Even if We obtain Your consent to use non-essential cookies or if We use essential cookies (where we don’t need your consent), You can still control Your settings in Your browser to delete or disable cookies.
If Your browser is NOT configured, by default, to block all or certain cookies, You may manually configure Your browser to either reject all cookies or control which cookies are set on Your computer or mobile device through the Site. Should You wish to reject all or certain cookies used by Our Site, You may modify Your web browser preferences to do so.
If You reject ALL cookies (including Essential Cookies) then You might be unable to use some of the features or services available on Our Site and You might also experience a lack of full functionality of the Site.
Usually, the information on how to change Your options regarding cookies can be obtained by referring to Your operating system’s manual or to the ‘Help’ section of Your web browser, or by contacting Your Internet Service Provider.
You may also find all the necessary information on how to make the necessary configuration settings by visiting the following helpful site: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
Please read Our Privacy Guideline which, among other things, explains all Your rights as a data subject.
For more information please feel free to contact us as indicated below.
COMPANY DETAILS
SR Technics is the data controller responsible for processing of Your personal data that takes place via the Site or in the manner explained above.
If You have any questions/ comments about privacy, You should contact Group Data Protection Controller at: dataprotection@srtechnics.com.
UPDATES
We reserve the right, at Our complete discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Cookie Guideline at any time. If You are an existing client with whom We have a contractual relationship You shall be informed by Us of any changes made to this Cookie Guideline (as well as other terms and conditions relevant to the Site). We shall also archive and store previous versions of the Cookie Guideline for Your review.
As a User of this Site with which We have no contractual relationship or even a lawful way of tracing, it is in Your interest to regularly check for any updates to this Cookie Guideline, in the event that Our attempts to notify You of such updates do not reach You.
Close navigation menu
Aircraft Services
Reveal next level
Capabilities
Embodiment Cabin Modifications
Cabin Refurbishments
VIP Aircraft Interior Experts
Base Maintenance
Non-Destructive Testing Services
Lease-End Transitioning Services
SR Technics Malta
Component Services
Reveal next level
Capabilities
Integrated Component Services (ICS)
Component Repair
Sales, Loan and Exchange of Component Parts
Inventory Optimization Services
Engine Services
Reveal next level
Capabilities
Quick Turn Line Services
Remote Table Inspection of Engines, Modules and Parts
Engine Maintenance
Engine Parts Repair Services
Material Supply and Management Services
Spare and Lease Engine Services
On-Wing Services and Field Assistance Support
Engineering Services and Fleet Management
Financing Services
End-of-Life Solutions
Material.Monetary.Solutions
Engine Services in Russia
Line Maintenance
Reveal next level
Capabilities
Line Stations
Line & Light Base Maintenance Checks
Worldwide AOG Recovery & Field Team Assistance
Additional Line Maintenance Services
Training Services
Reveal next level
Capabilities
Training Courses
Training Centers
Safety & Quality
Reveal next level
Safety & Quality Management
Certifications & Approvals
Calibration Services
About Us
Reveal next level
Facts & Figures
Compliance & Values
Our Management
History
Our Locations
News
Reveal next level
Press Releases
Articles
Media Materials
Careers
Reveal next level
Working at SR Technics
Meet our people
Jobs
Students
Apprenticeships
Contact Us
Login