http://www.senioraluminium.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Product Finder
Log In
Register
Site Guide
Log In
01709 772600
Technical Manual (PDF/DWG/DXF)
Product Finder
Search
Logout
">Login
Senior Architectural Systems
Innovative window, door and curtain wall systems that bring buildings to life
Navigation
Home
About
Our Story
Choose Us
Our Values
Your Guarantee
Environment
Accreditations
Products
Windows
Doors
Curtain Wall
Shopfront
Roof Glazing
Secondary Glazing
Projects
Featured Projects
Projects Map
Project Videos
News
General News
Events News
Project News
Blog
Resources
Branch Network
Downloads
BIM Objects
CPD
BREEAM
NBS Plus
Contact
Showrooms
Site Guide
Innovative window, door and curtain wall systemsbringing buildings to life
Home
COVID-19 Statement
In light of the new restrictions across the country, we can confirm that our branches remain fully operational as we continue to support our customers across the construction industry. Read our full statement here
We have made some important changes to our operations and services to keep our staff safe. Customers can find more information about these changes by Logging onto our Fabricator Tools area.
Featured Project
Confetti Institute
Senior’s thermally efficient SF52 aluminium curtain walling complements the weathered steel and dark brick work of this extensive £5.6 M sustainable refurbishment project...
read more
Design Challenge
Ali SLIDE Door
New Ali SLIDE Door
Available as Standard or Slimline versions with 50mm interlock for maximum daylight and uninterrupted views. Both versions can also achieve PAS 24... read more
SF62
New SF62 Curtain Wall
The SF62 Aluminium Curtain Wall System is ideal for ultra-high-rise projects and those where structural movement is a challenge on the project... read more
PURe®
Environment
Protecting your Environment
At Senior we take our environmental responsibilities very seriously. From our choice of responsibly sourced recyclable materials, to our constant search for new ways to save energy, we are 100% committed to reducing our impact on the environment... read more
Site Guide
Site Guide
Our website has so much to offer.
Use our new site guide to find your way around fast and discover shortcuts to the product and technical information you need at your fingertips.
VISIT THE SITE GUIDE
Need Help Finding Something?
Select from our frequently visited locations below, or visit our Site Guide.
Technical Manual
Downloads
Product Finder
Projects
PRODUCT APPLICATIONS
Windows
Doors
Curtain Wall
Shopfront
Roof Glazing
Secondary Glazing
Browse Products
PROJECTS
Featured Projects
Projects Map
Browse Projects
LATEST FROM SENIOR
Senior makes a Grand EntranceDecember 9, 2020Our 2020 Christmas Gift for Those in NeedNovember 25, 2020Senior brings home the benefitsNovember 9, 2020COVID-19 Update from Senior Architectural SystemsNovember 5, 2020
BLOG
Focus on London and the South East: A Dozen Stand Out Building Projects
As one of the big 5 fenestration systems houses in the UK, our products feature in buildings nationwide. Take a look at some of our favourite projects recently completed in London and the South East.Read more...
LATEST TWEETS
Twitter
Let’s talk windows! Read our latest article with Specification Online in which we discuss the different benefits al… https://t.co/sFm0onajqF
2 days ago
Earlier this year we launched the Ali SLIDE slimline #aluminium sliding door, the perfect companion to our Ali VU a… https://t.co/7DIdZEIt95
4 days ago
#TBT to when we worked with @Aedas, Miller Construction and @Acorn_Aluminium to deliver the fenestration package on… https://t.co/03i0fp6UMU
1 week ago
We know from experience that early engagement and close collaboration can bring many benefits to a project, which i… https://t.co/SJ3ZLFXDni
1 week ago
PRODUCTS AT A GLANCE
View our Product Finder
TECHNICAL MANUALView the Technical Manual
SEARCH THIS WEBSITE
Home
Product Finder
Technical Manual
Events
News
Site Guide
Contact
ProductsWindows
Doors
Curtain Wall
Shopfront
Roof Glazing
Secondary Glazing
Senior Aluminium Systems
Senior Hybrid Systems
Website Design by Dales.Net
Latest ReleasesAli SLIDE Door
Ali VU Window
PURe FOLD Door
PURe SLIDE Door
Ali FOLD Door
Recently ReleasedPURe Window
SF52 Curtain Wall
Aluminium Series 2 Window
Series 2 Window
Projects Featured Projects
Projects Map
ResourcesContact
Branch Network
Downloads
CPD
BREEAM
NBS Plus
Terms and ConditionsPrivacy and Cookie Policy
Follow Us
Company Information Senior Architectural Systems LtdEland Road, Denaby Main Doncaster
DN12 4HA
T: 01709 772600
F: 01709 772601
Company Registration No: 3909137
VAT Registration No. 708477217
We've updated our Privacy Policy
Who We Are
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd ('we' or 'us' or 'our') gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection Regulation and laws. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data.
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd's registered office is at Eland Road, Denaby Main, Doncaster, DN12 4HA and we are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 3909137. We are registered on the Information Commissioner's Office Register; registration number ZA303461, and act as the data controller/data processor when processing your data. Our designated GDPR Representative (Melanie Bagley), who can be contacted at Eland Road, Denaby Main, Doncaster, DN12 4HA, Tel: 01709 772600, melanieb@sasmail.co.uk.
Information That We Collect
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than as specified in this notice.
The personal data that we may collect from you is:
Name
Job title
Business Address
Personal Email
Business Email
Business Telephone Number
Business Fax Number
Mobile Telephone Number
We collect information in the ways below:
General:
Face to face meetings
Email correspondence
Website:
Online registration form
Credit/account application forms
Face to face meetings
Other Sources:
Paid subscriptions or datasets from Glenigans Ltd (part of Ascential PLC) and Insight Data.
Attendee lists from RIBA CPD Roadshow events.
How We Use Your Personal Data
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent; unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purpose(s) specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw this consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below:
Uses to which data is used stored at the site:
Contractual
Ongoing management of trading relationship
Administer the website
Improve your browsing experience by personalising the website
Enable your use of the services available on the website
Send you general (non-marketing) essential commercial communications
Deal with enquiries and complaints, made by you.
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes
Legitimate Interest
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
Business Operations. We use data to develop aggregate analysis and business intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions and report on the performance of our business.
Consent
Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested
Send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business, where you have specifically agreed to this (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications)
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data
We will not provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing without your express consent.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. Senior Architectural Systems Ltd uses third-parties to provide the below services and business functions; however, all processors acting on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We share your data with the following partners:
Our technology partners - to ensure the online experience and communications are the best they can be
Our marketing partners - to support us in marketing support activity for our customers
Our accreditation bodies - to ensure full legal compliance with our accreditations
Our appointed auditing and legal partners - to perform our legal responsibilities to our stakeholders
Safeguarding Measures
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd takes your privacy seriously and takes every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect you and your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place, including:
SSL access to the website
IT authentication
Firewalls
Anti-virus/malware software
Restricted access to data for essential personnel only.
Encryption of personal data at webserver
Locked and secure filing/archiving locations on site
Password protected infrastructure including devices like mobile phones
Transfers Outside the EU (if applicable)
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd utilise some products or services (or parts of them) that may be hosted/stored in non-EU countries, which means that we may transfer any information which is submitted by you through the website outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for the below purposes:
The MailChimp email management services are used for non-marketing and marketing. More information is provided at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy
Therefore, when you use our website/send us an email/sign up to our newsletter, etc, the personal information you submit may be stored on servers which are hosted in The United States of America.
Where this is the case, we will take steps to ensure that those providers use the necessary level of protection for your information and abide by strict agreements and measures set out by Senior Architectural Systems Ltd to protect your data and comply with the relevant data protection laws.
Consequences of Not Providing Your Data
You are not obligated to provide your personal information to Senior Architectural Systems Ltd, however, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services/deliver your products/legitimate interests, we will not be able to offer some/all our services without it.
How Long We Keep Your Data
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations. We are required under UK tax law to keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed.
Personal data is retained on the website for the duration of any contracts
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
Cookies
This Website may place and access certain Cookies on your computer. Senior Architectural Systems Limited uses Cookies to improve your experience of using the Website and to improve our range of products and services. Senior Architectural Systems Limited has carefully chosen these Cookies and has taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times.
All Cookies used by this Website are used in accordance with current UK and EU Cookie Law.
Before the Website places Cookies on your computer, you will be presented with a message bar requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies, you are enabling Senior Architectural Systems Limited to provide a better experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of the Website may not function fully or as intended.
This Website may place the following Cookies:
First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
WordPress
Our website runs the popular WordPress Framework and cookies may be used to store basic data on your interactions with WordPress depending on how you use the website. We use session cookies to remember your log-in for you if you are a registered user and we deem these as being strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
The Session Cookies We Use
Cookie Name: wordpress_
Cookie Name: wordpress_logged_in_
Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Google Analytics
Cookie Name: __ga
Cookie Name: __gid
Cookie Name: __gat
We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
Type of Cookie Purpose.
Strictly necessary cookies
These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies.
They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies.
These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time; however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Website more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
Your rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data - email sar@sasmail.co.uk to request a subject access request form.
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
Request correction to the personal data we hold about you.
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to do so as quickly as possible; unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Also known as the right to be forgotten, you can request the deletion of personal data.
Please note that we may not always be able to comply with this request for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you at the time of your request.
Where applicable, you have the right to data portability of your information and the right to be informed about any automated decision-making we may use.
Object to the processing of your data
Request the restriction of processing your data
Request the transfer of your data to you or a third party
Withdraw consent at any time.
Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data, you can withdraw this using either your profile preferences via our online portals (Fab Tools and SAS Hub), unsubscribing at the bottom of the emails we send to you, or in writing to the GDPR representative.
Please note that if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you.
You will not be charged to access your data or to exercise your rights set out above.
However a reasonable fee may be charged for requests which are clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
Alternatively we may refuse to comply with the request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you in order to confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data or to exercise any of your other rights.
We aim to respond to all legitimate requests within 30 days.
Depending on the complexity of the request it may be necessary for us to take longer.
In this case, you will be notified of this and be updated on the progress of the request.
Lodging a Complaint
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd only processes your personal information in compliance with this privacy notice and in accordance with the relevant data protection laws. If, however you wish to raise a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data or are unsatisfied with how we have handled your information, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Senior Architectural Systems Ltd
Melanie Bagley
Eland Road, Denaby Main, Doncaster, DN12 4HA
Telephone: 01709 772600
Email: sar@sasmail.co.uk
Information Commissioner's Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Telephone: 0303 123 1113 (local rate) or 01625 545 745 (national rate)
Fax: 01625 524 510
Email: enquiries@ico.org.uk
Don’t miss out – we have lots of new products and services in the pipeline – tick the box below to make sure you get the latest news delivered to your inbox
Yes, I would like to receive emails from Senior Architectural Systems with the latest news about products, services, offers, training opportunities and events
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
CLOSE
Pin It on Pinterest