https://www.spearhead-training.co.uk/privacy-policy-statement
Privacy Policy Statement
Spearhead Training Privacy Policy Statement
Introduction
Spearhead Training Group is committed to providing quality information and training services to the business community. For the purposes of data protection, spearhead-training.co.uk is the internet publishing platform for Spearhead Training Group. Spearhead Training is a trading name of Spearhead Training Group Ltd.
The following website has been provided for information pertaining to Spearhead Training and their services. The information set out below is how Spearhead uses and protects the data collected via this website. When using this site, you are legally bound to the following privacy policy, so please make time to read it carefully. Your privacy and its protection is something that Spearhead is fully committed towards.
What information is collected?
We have several services available on the website that require you to supply us with your personal information. For example, when making a course booking or using the BUY NOW option, we will ask for your full contact details. These include your exact name, postal and e-mail address.
Through the use of booking forms, information requests and newsletter sign-ups on the website, we may collect, but are not limited to, the following information:
Your full name and job title
Your contact information - including email address and telephone number
Your demographic information - such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What do we do with the information gathered?
We require the aforementioned information in order to process course bookings you make, to understand your needs and to provide you with a better service. We may use the information for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping
We need your e-mail address in order to send you confirmation of any booking you make via the website and to send out course information, booking invoices and access codes to online courses.
The improvement of our products and services
To customise the website according to your interests
We may use some parts of your personal information to operate certain functions, for example, banner advertising, contained within the Spearhead Training Group website
People who send us their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from Spearhead Training Group with information regarding bookings or questions they have placed online, and/or with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
If you send us your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from Spearhead Training Group with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
Securing Your Data
Spearhead are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. We follow strict data protection policies and adhere to high standards of security when gathering personal information. Your personal details are stored at our head office which has no unauthorised access.
All of the information collected from the website is retained by Spearhead Training. We do not divulge any information to third parties outside of the company without prior consent from the website visitor – unless it is necessary to provide a requested service, such as our newsletters.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or we are required by law to do so.
We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that may be relevant to your indicated needs.
Cookies
Cookies are files which can be placed onto your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are used to identify when you visit a particular site, as well as analyse web traffic. Cookies also facilitate a more personal web experience, allowing web applications to gather information about your personal preferences, and respond to you as an individual.
You have the choice of whether or not to accept cookies. The majority of web browsers accept cookies, but you can decline cookies within your web browser settings if you wish to. However, doing so will not give you full functionality of the website.
Please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org for more information on cookies.
How we use cookies
At Spearhead Training, traffic log cookies are used to identify the pages that are being used. From the data provided by these cookies, we analyse web page traffic and tailor our website to our customer’s needs. This information is only used for the purpose of statistical analysis to identify which pages our visitors find useful. This data allows us to design our website so it provides a better user experience: to create more pages that users like and to remove unused content.
We do not have access to your computer, or to any other information about you, through the use of cookies.
This website uses the following cookies:
Google Analytics: This cookie allows us to see information on user website activities including, but not limited to page views, source and time spent on website. The information is depersonalised and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked back to an individual, so protecting your privacy. By using Google Analytics we can see what content is popular on our website, and so strive to give you information that is useful and educational.
Google AdWords: Using Google AdWords code we are able to see which pages helped lead to contact form submissions. This allows us to make better use of our marketing budget allocated to paid search.
Social Sharing Cookies
On our blog we use social sharing buttons for services including, but not limited to, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. These allow you to share pages with your friends via those networks. Whilst you will be asked to login to use these services, this process is handled directly with the social sharing providers and their databases and servers. These sites may also monitor your usage of these buttons, through the use of external tracking codes that are required to run the buttons on this website.
Email codes
If you have opted in to receive our newsletter, then this may include tracking codes that help us understand who, as well as how many people have opened or clicked on each email. These data helps us to create better newsletters in the future, and so provide you with a better service. These data are stored on the servers of our email partners and covered under their security measures.
Links to other websites
This website may contain links to other websites our customers may find interesting. Please note that once you have used these links to leave our site we do not have any control over the website(s) you visit. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting other sites and these sites are not governed by this privacy statement. We recommend that you exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website you are visiting.
Links
Hyperlinks on this website may be shortened for the purpose of hiding long links to improve functionality and for tracking purposes.
Associations
We do not receive physical products or cash directly in exchange for any reviews or posts. To avoid any conflict of interest no one has ever paid or will ever pay us for reviews or posts on this site. We only promote the products and services of other parties whom we trust. We aim to give honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on the topics or products that we write about and promote on our website.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
1. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may opt-out at any time by writing to or emailing us via the contact page. You can opt out of receiving newsletters/emails by following the instructions at the bottom of any email marketing we send you
2. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. We will provide you with a copy of the information we hold free of charge. However, we retain the right to charge a small if a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. We also reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee to comply with requests for further copies of the same information. If you would like a copy of the information held then please write to us.
3. If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to us (or email us). We will act promptly to correct any information we hold that is found to be incorrect.
4. If you would like to ensure that we do not contact you as a result of having used our site, please contact us at info@spearhead-training.co.uk
5. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at info@spearhead-training.co.uk . We will be sure to address your concerns.
Variations to the Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice and we reserve the right to alter and change information provided in this document at our discretion. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, we recommend that you review this Privacy Statement periodically, as the Spearhead Training Group may update it from time to time.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, our contact details are as follows:
Spearhead Training Ltd
18-19B Cheriton House
Cromwell Park
Chipping Norton
Oxon
OX7 5SR
T: +44(0)1608 644144
×
We use Cookies - By using this site or closing this you agree to our Cookies policy.