http://www.labusinessjournal.com/privacy-policy-la/
Fri, Dec 11th, 2020
Subscribe
Log In
Lists
Book of Lists
The Money Issue
LA500
Wealthiest Angelenos
Health Care
Finance
Real Estate
Manufacturing
Tech
Infrastructure
Travel/Leisure
Media
Professional Services
Events
2020 Events
2019 Events
Custom Features
Custom Content
Trusted Advisors
People on the Move
Companies on the Move
Videos
Los Angeles Business Journal Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting LABusinessJournal.com.
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at the LABJ site.
If you object to any terms and conditions of the privacy policy at anytime, you should immediately discontinue use of the site.
Users of LABusinessJournal.com
LABusinessJournal.com does not sell, rent, give away, or loan any identifiable information regarding its members to any third party without the user's consent.
In order to subscribe to our weekly email newsletters, provide LA Business Journal with feedback, make advertising requests, or receive email updates-users are required to provide us with their email address.
The information we collect may be used by us to contact registered users for LABusinessJournal.com marketing purposes.
LABusinessJournal.com will not disclose any of your specific personal information unless you consent to disclose it.
If you elect to participate in a special program, your specific personal information may be shared with participating vendors in order to complete the transaction.
LABusinessJournal.com may share aggregate or summary information regarding its users with third parties.
We collect information on Web usage, but this information remains anonymous.
We may use this information, in aggregate, for research reports and to benchmark and evaluate our performance.
LABusinessJournal.com does use cookies to assign a unique identification to your computer in order to allow access to password-protected areas of our site.
We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect may be used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please notify us by contacting us through the email address or telephone number listed below.
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please notify us through the email address or telephone number listed below.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us regarding orders they have placed online.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about the LABJ online policy for this site or its implementation you may e-mail:
Read Our Newsletter (FREE)
Reader Poll
READER POLL: What impact will the new stay-at-home order have on local businesses?
It won’t have any impact
Reader Poll
READER POLL: What impact will the new stay-at-home order have on local businesses?
It will force more small businesses to close permanently
It will hurt businesses in the short term, but they’ll recover
It will have some impact, but it won’t be as bad as the spring lockdown
It won’t have any impact