http://www.br-automation.com/en/about-us/privacy-policy/
Login
Please choose country and language
Perfection in AutomationCompanyPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Preamble
This website is operated by B&R Industrial Automation GmbH, B&R Strasse 1, 5142 Eggelsberg, Austria, Commercial register number: FN 111651 v.
(hereafter “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy describes, how we – as controller in accordance with the GDPR – process your personal data in connection with this website. This Privacy Statement applies to the use of our website and the provision of our digital services – which also include member areas –, as well as our e-mail contact and newsletter services.
With this notification, we comply with our data protection obligations pursuant to Articles 12 – 14 General Data Protection Regulation (hereafter “GDPR”). When referring to consent as the legal basis of processing in the following, this shall presuppose that you have given consent for the respective processing. If there is no consent, we may not process your personal data. Personal data shall only be processed pursuant to the GDPR and the Austrian Data Protection Act (DSG). We inform you in this Privacy Policy, which data we process or which data we do not process;the purposes of processing;the legal bases why we are entitled to processing;to whom and to which states we transfer your personal data;how long we keep your personal data;which external tools and plugins we use;which rights you have in relation with your personal data;how you can contact us in connection with data protection issues or inquiries.
2. Which of your personal data we do (not) process, Purposes and Legal Bases of Processing,
2.1	When you visit our websiteWe will collect the following information when you access our website: access date and time, your IP-address, name and version of your web-browser, the website (URL) you have visited prior to accessing our website.We process this data to provide you with this website, to improve and develop it. Processing also enables us to simply and cost-efficiently create usage statistics and to detect, prevent and investigate attacks on the website.The legal basis for processing your personal data is our prevailing legitimate interest pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR, which is to achieve the aforementioned purposes.
Your personal data will be deleted after a period of 1 month, unless further processing is necessary in individual cases (eg in the case of a hacker attack).2.2	Contact formsWe provide you with contact forms on this website so that you can contact us and we can answer to your inquiries. We process only personal data which you insert in the respective fields. We process your personal data on the basis of our prevailing legitimate interest pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to contact you. Your data will be stored for the duration necessary to process your request, unless it is subject to longer statutory retention.2.3	Newsletter, Event mailingsYou may subscribe on our website to our newsletter and event mailings. By providing this service we inform you about news from the company, notify you about the latest products and updates and provide editorial articles about current industry trends. By sending you Event Mailings, we inform you about current events. By signing up to our newsletter / our event mailings, you give B&R Industrial Automation GmbH consent to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of sending you the newsletter / the event mailings. We process your personal data pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR. We may use external mailing providers to send the newsletter/event mailings.We process your personal data for the transmission of newsletters and event mailings until you withdraw consent. You may withdraw consent at any time. To withdraw, simply click the out-out-link contained within received e-mails. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.2.4	Subscription to the free magazine „Automotion“You may subscribe to our magazine „Automotion“ on our website. We process your personal data for delivery and may transfer your data to external print and delivery service providers. By ordering the magazine, you give B&R Industrial Automation GmbH consent to the processing of your personal data (Article 6 (1) (a) General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR) for the aforementioned purpose. Subscription automatically ends after delivery of four issues. Your personal data will be deleted automatically after delivery of the last issue.This consent may be withdrawn at any time via e-mail to privacy•@•br-automation.com. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.2.5	Download NotificationsBy providing this service we inform you about recent downloads or products in accordance with your preferences and selected time intervals.
By selecting download categories and/or download ranges, and clicking the „Save“ button, you give consent to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. The purpose of processing your data is to send you the selected notifications. We process your personal data until your withdrawal.You may withdraw your consent at any time. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. To withdraw consent, please uncheck all download categories and download ranges and click “Save”.2.6	Trial License Automation StudioWe offer you the possibility to apply for a trial license of Automation Studio free of charge. We process only personal data which you enter in the respective fields. The purpose of processing is to provide you with a trial license for „Automation Studio“.We process your personal data pursuant to the initiation at your request and performance of a contract (Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR). You are not obliged to provide your personal data; if you do not provide your personal data, we cannot issue you a trial license. We will not transfer your data to third parties unless required to do so by law (Article 6 (1) (c) GDPR).After expiration of the trial license your data will be stored for the duration necessary to prevent misuse of “Automation Studio” by repeated applications of a test license by the same person. The legal basis for processing your personal data is our legitimate interest pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR to prevent such continuous use.2.7	Usage of the Upload-ServiceWe offer you the possibility to submit large files to our employees. We process your personal data pursuant to our prevailing legitimate interest (Article 6 (1) (f) General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR). The purpose of processing your personal data is to transfer your file to the specified employee of B&R Industrial Automation GmbH. Your data will be stored on our servers for 14 days to be downloaded by our employee. If you have selected a preferred region outside the EU, your data will be transferred to third countries, for which there is either an adequacy decision by the European Commission or appropriate or adequate safeguards to ensure data protection. The entry of the data is voluntary.B&R Industrial Automation GmbH assumes no liability for the content of the uploaded files. The usage of this service is voluntary and at your own risk. This service may only be used for the transfer of files without copyright or for which you are the copyright holder.2.8	Account; Access to areas that require registrationOur website offers an internal area which can only be accessed by registered users. Registration is done by one of our sales representatives either at your request or because of an existing business relationship between you and the sales representative. When the employee has created a user account, you are immediately informed by e-mail. Purposes of processing are the development and expansion of a customer network as well as customer management. For the purposes of creating a user account and notification via e-mail, we process your personal data pursuant to our prevailing legitimate interests (Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR). By logging in for the first time, you give consent to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. The purpose of processing your data is to provide you this portal. Your personal data will be processed as long as your user account exists. If you do not click on the activation link within 72 hours, your personal data will be automatically deleted.You may withdraw your consent at any time via e-mail to privacy•@•br-automation.com. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.2.9	Usage of our internal portalsRegistered users (see Section 2.8) may – depending on the configuration – use our portals (MyPortal, B&R-Support-Portal, Material Return-Portal, B&R-Product-Configurator). The purpose of processing your personal data is to process your orders or possible returns and to support you with product configuration. We process your personal data pursuant to the initiation or performance of a contract (Article 6 (1) (b) General Data Protection Regulation – GDPR). You are not obliged to provide your personal data; if you do not provide your personal data, you may not be able to use all functions of the portals. We will store your data only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the aforementioned purposes, unless it is subject to longer statutory retention.2.10 Seminar BookingsWe offer you the possibility to sign up for seminars on our website.We process your personal data on the basis of the initiation at your request/performance of a contract pursuant to Article 6 (1) (b) GDPR to enroll you for the desired seminar. If you choose a room reservation, we will forward your data to the respective hotel service providers and/or travel agents. The entry of mandatory fields is required for the contract. If you do not provide this data, we will not be able to register you for the desired seminar. All other information is voluntary.2.11 Data we do not processWe do not process special categories of personal data pursuant to Article 9 GDPR. Such special categories comprise ethnic origin, political opinion, religious or personal beliefs, trade union memberships, genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.We also do not process personal data relating to criminal convictions and offenses pursuant to Article 10 GDPR.
3. Transmission of your Personal Data
For the purposes set out above, we will transmit your personal data to the following recipients:IT service providers commissioned by us;Group companies of B&R Industrial Automation GmbH or partner companies of B&R Industrial Automation GmbH, depending on your selected country (eg in contact forms);external accommodation and travel service providers in connection with seminar booking.Some of the recipients referred to above are located outside your country or process personal data there. The level of data protection in another country may not be equivalent to that in your country. However, we only transfer your personal data to countries for which the EU commission has decided that they have an adequate level of data protection, or we take measures to ensure that all recipients provide an adequate level of data protection. We do this for example by entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses (2010/87/EC and/or 2004/915/EC). Such agreements are accessible upon request at privacy•@•br-automation.com.
4. Storage Period
If you visit our website without registration, we will keep your personal data for a period of three months. Beyond this period, we will keep your personal data only to the necessary extent to investigate identified attacks on our website.
If you are registered to our website or if you use any of its other services (newsletter, contact form, trial license, seminar booking), we will keep your data as long as your account exists or as long as it is necessary for the relevant processing purpose; beyond this period, we will keep your personal data as long as it is required to meet statutory or contractual obligations. If this privacy policy or other privacy statements on this website deviate from this Section, the provisions described therein shall prevail.
5. Cookies
This website uses cookies. A cookie is a small file which can be stored on your computer when you visit a website. Basically, cookies are used to provide users with additional features on a website. For example, they may be used to help you navigate a website, allow you to continue a website when you have left it and/or store your preferences and settings when you return to the website. Cookies may not access, read or modify any other data on your computer.
Most of the cookies on this website are so-called session cookies. They are automatically deleted when you leave our website. However, persistent cookies remain on your computer until you manually delete them in your browser. We use such persistent cookies to recognize you when you visit our website.
If you wish to control cookies on your computer, you can configure your browser to notify you if a website requests to be allowed to store a cookie. You can also block cookies or delete them, if they have already been stored on your computer. Please use the “Help” function in your browser if you require further information how to set these steps.
Please note that blocking or deleting cookies could affect your online experience and prevent you from fully using this website.
6. Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA („Google“). Google Analytics uses “Cookies”, which are text files stored on your computer to help the website analyze how users use our website. We process your data on the basis of our prevailing legitimate interest to cost-efficiently generate easy-to-use website access statistics pursuant to Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address and the URLs of the accessed pages) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. We do not store any of your personal data collected in connection with Google Analytics.
This website uses an IP anonymization feature provided by Google Analytics. Your IP address will therefore be truncated/anonymized by Google as soon as it receives it. On our behalf, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of this website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google’s collection and use of your data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Further information about Google’s terms of use and privacy statement can be found at https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/ https://policies.google.com.
7. Social Plugins
YouTube Plugins (video)This website uses plugins from Youtube.de/Youtube.com, which is operated by Youtube, LLC, Cherry Ave., USA and represented by Google LLC. We use the advanced privacy mode, which – according to the provider – stores personal data only when the video is playing. When the playback of embedded YouTube videos starts, YouTube uses cookies to collect information about user behavior. If you access a webpage of our website containing such a plugin, a connection will be made to the YouTube servers and the plugin will be displayed. This will tell the YouTube servers which of our websites you have visited. If you are logged in as a member of YouTube, YouTube will associate this information to your personal user accounts. When using these plugins such as clicking the start button of a video or sending a comment, this information will be sent to your (eg) YouTube user account. You can prevent this by logging out before using the plugin. You can find information relating to the collection and use of personal data by YouTube or the associated plugins at https://policies.google.com/privacy
8. 8. Transfer to third countries
8.1	Soziale PluginsCountryCompanyApplicationType of data USAGoogle LLCGoogle Analyticsanonymized IP address, title of website, browser-specific data, data about the usage of the websiteUSAYouTube LLCYoutube VideosIP address, pages visited on the website, accessed videos The transmission of personal data to the US is based on the EU Commission’s decision C(2016) 4176 of 12.07.2016 („EU-US Privacy Shield“, available at http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/ALL/?uri=CELEX:32016D1250. The companies mentioned in this Section have subjected themselves to the EU-US privacy shield framework. 8.2	Contact forms, supportDepending on the country you enter, your data will be transmitted to subsidiaries and/or partner companies of B&R in third countries. You can find a detailed list of subsidiaries and partner companies as well as their locations. For these countries, either adequacy decisions have been issued by the European Commission, or B&R Industrial Automation GmbH has taken appropriate measures to ensure data security.
9. Your rights relating to Personal Data
You are, inter alia, entitled (under the conditions of applicable law):(i)	to check whether and what kind of personal data we store about you and to request copies of such data;
(ii)	to request rectification, completion or deletion of your personal data that is inaccurate or processed in non-compliance with applicable requirements;
(iii)	to request us to restrict the processing of your personal data;
(iv)	in certain circumstances, to object for legitimate reasons to the processing of your personal data or to withdraw consent previously granted for the processing;
(v)	to request data portability;
(vi)	to know the identity of third parties to whom your personal data is transferred;
(vii)	to file a complaint with the competent authority. If you feel that you wish to contact B&R and review, update, change or delete any of your data and preferences of how B&R processes it, please complete the relevant form below and follow the instructions shown. Any current B&R employees globally may also use this form to access their data.
Regardless of which law applies you can use a digital GDPR Request Form but you need to clearly explain if you refer to GDPR, CCPA or Turkish law. In this case please note that all the references in the form relate to GDPR so they may not be fully applicable to other laws. We will only respond when requests are made using the form and the process described.Data subject rights (link to ABB website)
10. Our contact information
In case of questions or concerns relating to the processing of your personal data, please contact us:B&R Industrial Automation GmbHB&R Strasse 15142 EggelsbergAustriaTelephone: +43 7748 6586-0 Fax: +43 7748 6586-26 privacy•@•br-automation.comEffective from: December 12th, 2018.
About us
Philosophy
Press Room
Customer magazine
Newsletter and event invitations
Career
Locations
Contact
Publishing information
Privacy Policy
Suppliers
Please choose country and language
OK
Please choose country
France
Switzerland