https://www.sdix.com/cookie-policy/
SDIX Cookie Policy
HomeSDIX Cookie Policy
What are cookies?
SDIX websites use cookies, which help to improve your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that stores internet setting. It is downloaded by your internet browser the first time you visit our websites. If you desire, you can disable these cookies in your browser settings, which then will affect your use of our online services.
Any change to our user of cookies for SDIX websites will be updated on this page. By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookie Policy.
Type of cookies we use
Based on their purposes and function, cookies generally can be divided into four categories: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, functional cookies and cookies for marketing purposes.
Strictly necessary cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are essential for you to swimmingly navigate around our website. Without these cookies, certain services you request can no longer be provided, for example, remembering previous actions (e.g. entered text) when going back to a page in the same session.
Performance cookies
Performance cookies gather information about how our website is used – for example, which pages a visitor opens most often, and which links visitors choose to click. These cookies do not save information that would allow the user to be identified.
Functionality cookies
Functionality cookies enable a website to save information which has already been entered (such as user names, languages choices, and your location), so that it can offer you improved and more personalized functions.
Marketing cookies
Marketing cookies is to display advertisements to users that are more targeted and adapted to their interests.
Managing Cookies
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Click on “Tools” at the top of your browser and select “Internet Options”
Navigate to the “Privacy” tab and select the settings
For more information, refer to this page
Google Chrome
Click on the Customization at the top of the page and select “Settings”
Click “Show advanced settings” then “Content Settings”
Choose the settings you want under “Cookies”
For more information, refer to this page
Mozilla Firefox
Click on “Tools” at the browser menu and select “Options”
Select the “Privacy” panel and choose the settings under “Cookie”
For more information, refer to this page
Safari
Click on “Safari” at the menu bar and select the “Preferences” option
Click on “Security” then “Privacy”
Choose under “Cookies and website data” option
For more information, refer to this page from Apple
All other browsers
Please look for a “help” function in the browser or contact the browser provider.
If you have any question about this Policy, please contact us at sales@SDIX.com
This Policy is updated on May 21, 2018
Learn About Our Privacy Policy
Element
Become a Member
Continue
site by Think it First
By continuing to use this site you agree to the use of cookiesSDIX uses cookies to improve your experience on the website and to provide you with services and content tailored to your interests
Learn more about The SDIX Cookie Policy
Learn more about The SDIX Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!