http://www.ccu.org/privacy-policy
Skip Navigation Download Adobe® Acrobat Reader to view. Privacy Policy Download Privacy Policy (PDF)
Your credit union is required, by law, to provide you with a Privacy Policy disclosure that explains how your personal information is collected and disclosed as we conduct business at the credit union. A written form of the Privacy Policy is mailed to all members annually and may be downloaded from the website. Colorado Credit Union does NOT share your non-public, private information with entities unrelated to our business. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your non public personal information.
Colorado Credit Union collects non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on member applications or other forms
Information about your transactions with us or others
Information we receive from consumer reporting agencies
Information obtained when verifying the information you provide on an application or other forms
This may be obtained from your current or past employers, or from other institutions where you conduct financial transactions.
Colorado Credit Union may disclose your non-public personal information for member initiated transactions and requests and to service providers such as our data processor, card processor, credit reporting agencies, etc., as required to conduct business. We may disclose your non-public information to the Internal Revenue Service and other regulatory agencies as required by law.
If you terminate your membership, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as permitted or required by law.
Colorado Credit Union restricts access to your personal and account information to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you.
Website: Colorado Credit Union uses “cookies” on our website and online banking. Cookies are small pieces of information a website stores on a visitor’s web browser to remind the site about the user the next time the site is visited. We do not store confidential or sensitive information through the use of cookies. Our use of cookies enhances our member’s online transactions and eases navigation through our website. For certain applications, such as online transactions, cookies are required to help protect the privacy of member’s transactions (for example: terminating the session if the member forgets to log out). We collect email addresses from members who request electronic services, and from users of our website who choose to provide their addresses.
Protection of Your Children’s Online Privacy: Colorado Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of your children. We do not knowingly solicit, market, or collect data from children online without express parental consent or notification.
Modification: The Credit Union reserves the right to modify, change or amend this Privacy Policy at any time without notice other than as expressly required by applicable law.
Your Responsibility to Protect Information: While the Credit Union is committed to protecting the privacy of its members, you can help by taking some simple precautions. Never share any of your passwords or PIN information. Keep this information separate from your computer, your wallet, or any card. When someone calls you, please take extreme caution when disclosing any account numbers, social security numbers, or other information. Keep your phone number and address with us current, so if we detect potential fraud or unauthorized account activity, we can attempt to contact you immediately. Please contact us if you have any questions regarding the Credit Union’s Privacy Policy or other questions regarding the privacy or security of your information, call us at 303.978.2274.