https://www.nwl.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
MenuMenuHomeProducts
Electrostatic Precipitators (ESP) Products
Power Supplies & Ancillaries for ESPs
Switch Mode Supplies / PowerPlus
T/R Sets
Current Limiting Reactors
PowerCubes & SCRs
Switch Arrangements
Controls for ESPs
Graphic Rapper Controller (GRC)
Graphic Voltage Controller (GVC), T/R Controls
Precipitator Control and Management System (PCAMS)
Communications & Networking Options
Software/Firmware
Capacitors
High Energy Storage, Pulse Discharge
DC Continuous Voltage, Input Filtering, DC Link
AC Voltage, Resonant Tank, Harmonic Filtering
Snubber Protection, Clamping, Commutation
Military & Industrial
Military Transformers, Inductors & Capacitors
Industrial Transformers, Inductors & Capacitors
Power Supplies
High Frequency Switch Mode Supplies - PowerPlus™ Series
Mid Frequency Switch Mode Supplies - ML™ Series
Linear 50/60 Hz. Supplies
Power Supplies for Dehydrators/Desalters
Service & SupportResources
ESP Industry ResourcesSDS InformationNWL Quality Certifications
CareersAbout Us
NWL HistoryWhy NWL?Manufacturing CapabilitiesQuality CertificationsNWL LocationsPower Thoughts Blog
Contact UsClient Login
Home
» Website Terms and Conditions / Legal Notices / Privacy Policy Statement
Website Terms and Conditions / Legal Notices / Privacy Policy Statement
1. Introduction. NWL, Inc. including its subsidiaries and affiliates (“NWL, Inc.” “NWL” or “we” or “us” or “our”) provides the information contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website (“website”) to visitors (“visitors”) (cumulatively referred to as “you” or “your” hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions (“terms”) set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website. Your access to and use of this website signifies your agreement with these terms.
2. Information on the website. While every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither NWL nor any third party or data or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy, completeness or reliability of information, opinions, research information, data and/or content contained on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) (“information”) and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. NWL reserves the right at any time to change or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered for information purposes only. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
3. Trademarks. The NWL trademarks, names, logos and service marks (collectively “trade marks”) displayed on this website are registered and unregistered trade marks of NWL. Other companies’ trade marks that are also used on this site are used with their permission. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any trade mark without the prior written permission of NWL or its respective owner. The contents of this website are protected from copying or distribution under national and international copyright laws and treaties throughout the world. Copyright NWL, All rights reserved.
4. External links. External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of NWL and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of NWL
5. Warranties. NWL makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system.
6. Disclaimer of liability. NWL shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither NWL nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
7. Use of the website. NWL does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use. By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to NWL that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website.
8. General
8.1 Entire agreement. These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and NWL in relation to your use of the website. Neither you nor NWL shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments, undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and NWL in respect of your use of the website.
8.2 Alteration. NWL may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the “current version”) and, unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing the then current version each time you visit the website.
8.3 Conflict. Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
8.4 Comments or questions. If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us at:
NWL
312 Rising Sun
Bordentown, NJ 08505 USA
email: nwlinfo@nwl.com
Voice: (609) 298-7300
Fax: (609) 298-1982
Last updated: April 6, 2015
General Privacy Policy Statement
At NWL, we have a long tradition of integrity and customer service. These are a part of our Company’s core values, and are reflected in the way we serve our customers each day. NWL recognizes its obligation to its customers, community and online visitors to adhere to the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all its operations. Likewise, NWL is dedicated to the fundamentals of protecting your privacy on the Internet.
Gathering and Use of Information
NWL only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. We do not require any personal information from visitors to obtain access to our site. However, in order to respond to inquiries via the contact form sections on our website, you will have to provide personal information. Personal information received from any visitor will only be used for internal marketing, supply or employment purposes and will not be sold or provided to any non-affiliated companies except to provide products and services that you have requested. We may collect non-personal identification information about visitors to our website, including but not limited to browser name, device type, connection type, operating system, Internet service provider and other similar information. Our website may use web browser cookies, placed on the user’s device, to enhance the user experience as well as to track information about use of the website. Users may set their web browsers to refuse cookies, or alert when cookies are placed. If cookies are refused, this website may not be able to provide all its functionality.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who need that information to provide products or services to you. We use appropriate data storage practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure of any personal information collected via our website.
Links
The NWL website may contain links to other sites. We make every effort only to link to websites that share our high standards of decency, fairness, and integrity. The privacy and data collection practices on any linked websites are entirely separate from NWL and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. NWL shall not be responsible for any failure on the part of any linked websites to comply with any privacy policy posted on the website, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which the operators of such website may be subject. In addition, other websites may link to NWL’s website without NWL’s knowledge or consent. NWL has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of any other websites.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
NWL’s website content and features may be updated, revised, modified and supplemented. NWL reserves the right to change the information, features, products, policies, promotions, disclosures and disclaimers at any time. Changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our website. Please check the policy periodically for changes. The date of the last update to this Privacy Policy is listed at the bottom of this page. The continued use of this website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy means you accept those changes.
Last updated: April 6, 2015
CONTACT NWL
About NWLNWL History
Why NWL?
Manufacturing Capabilities
Quality Certifications
Careers at NWL
NWL Locations