https://www.mtginfo.com/privacy-policy/
Mortgage Information Services, Inc.
(888) 901-4647
Home
Company
Background
Announcements
Submit a Testimonial
Services
Settlement
Title
Property Reports
Valuations
MIS Knowledge Exchange
Appraisers with Geographic Competency
AMC Licenses
Value Your Entire Portfolio
Flood
CheetahDocs
Technology
Customer Tools
Workflow Tools
Orders
Careers
Employee Opportunities
Independent Contractors
Contact Us
Browse:HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Mortgage Information Services, Inc. is Committed to Safeguarding Lender/Consumer Information
In order to better serve your needs now and in the future, we may ask you to provide us with certain information.  We understand that you may be concerned about what we will do with such information – particularly any personal or financial information.  We agree that you have a right to know how we will utilize the personal information you provide to us.  Therefore, Mortgage Information Services, Inc. (“MIS”) adopted this Privacy Policy to govern the use and handling of personal information.
Applicability
This Privacy Policy governs our use of the information which you provide to us.  It does not govern the use of information we have acquired from any other source, such as information obtained from a public record or from another person or entity.
Types of Information
Depending upon which of our services you are utilizing, the types of nonpublic personal information that we may collect include:
Information we receive from lenders, consumers, or borrowers on applications, forms and in other communications to MIS, whether in writing, in person, by telephone or any other means;
Information about transactions with MIS, our vendors, our affiliated companies, or others; and
Information which MIS receives from a consumer reporting agency.
Use of Information
MIS requests information for our own legitimate business purposes and not for the benefit of any nonaffiliated party.  Therefore, MIS will not knowingly release information to nonaffiliated parties except: (1) as necessary for us to provide the product or service you have requested of us; or (2) as permitted by law.  MIS may, however, store information indefinitely, including the period after which any customer relationship has ceased.  This information may be used for any internal purpose, such as quality control efforts, vendor management, or customer analysis.  MIS may also provide all the types of nonpublic personal information listed above to one or more of our affiliated companies or contractors.  These affiliated companies or contractors include financial service providers, such as title insurers, banks, savings and loan associations, credit unions, credit bureaus, property and casualty insurers, and trust and investment advisory companies, or companies involved in real estate services, such as appraisal companies, real estate valuation companies, home warranty companies, loan signing companies, and escrow companies.
Former Lender or Consumer Customers
Even if you are no longer an MIS lender customer or consumer customer this Privacy Policy will continue to apply.
Confidentiality and Security
MIS will use our best reasonable efforts to ensure that no unauthorized parties access any of your information.  MIS reasonably restricts access to nonpublic personal information to those individuals and entities who need to know that information to provide the products or services which MIS sells.  MIS will use our best reasonable efforts to train and oversee our employees and agents to ensure that your information will be handled responsibly and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  MIS currently maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that reasonably guard nonpublic personal, consumer, and lender information.
Contact Information4877 Galaxy ParkwaySuite ICleveland, OH 44128
Toll Free: (888) 901-4647Local: (216) 514-7480Fax: (888) 901-4648
Contact Us
Industry NewsContinued Deterioration in Origination Quality October 26, 2018Best Mortgage Lenders By Category October 26, 2018Business Falls to 6-Month Low at Freddie October 26, 2018Large Agency MSR Offering Hits Market October 25, 2018 MenuWorkflow ToolsCustomer ToolsAnnouncementsEmployee OpportunitiesIndependent ContractorsPrivacy PolicyDisclaimerConsumers & RealtorsClientsBackground AnnouncementsMIS Featured in RMD articleBy David Stroop on April 9, 2020Click here to read a great article penned by Chris Clow for Reverse Mortgage Daily. Aaron Stein-Sapir, Josh VanHorn and David Stroop all contributed to this feature on how MIS is effectively dealing with the COVID-affected appraisal process.
Category: NewsNew Ohio Account RepresentativeBy David Stroop on January 21, 2020Mortgage Information Services, Inc. (MIS) is excited to announce that Tabitha Brettrager has been appointed as their new Account Representative for Ohio. Tabitha has worked for MIS in an operations capacity since 2013 and will bring a wealth of knowledge and expertise to both existing clients and those looking for a better title and appraisal […]
Category: News
Copyright © 2020 Mortgage Information Services, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Disclaimer | Privacy Policy