http://www.audeo.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - AuDeo
+44 (0)1256 891700 sales@audeo.co.uk Video callWHAT’S YOUR PAIN? +44 (0)1256 891700WHAT’S YOUR PAIN?
We Are AudeoWhat We Do Video MeetingsVideo MeetingsEXPLORE Meeting SpacesMeeting SpacesEXPLORE Remote WorkingRemote WorkingEXPLORE Communications CollaborationCommunications & CollaborationEXPLOREfAVeoOther StuffGet In Touch
We are AuDeo What We Do
Video Meetings Meeting Spaces Remote Working Communications & Collaboration fAVeo Other Stuff Get In Touch
+44 (0)1256 891700
sales@audeo.co.uk
P PRIVACY POLICY P PRIVACY POLICYWe are committed to protecting your privacyAuDeo are committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you. By using our website and services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal information that we collect about you.Topics:• What information do we collect about you? • Cookies • How will we use the information about you? • Marketing • Google Remarketing • Access to your information and correction • Changes to our privacy policy • How to contact usWhat information do we collect about you?We collect information about you when you complete any forms on our website, request information from us or place an order for products or services. We may collect any or all of the information that you give us depending on the type of transaction you enter into, including your name, address, telephone number and email address, together with data about your use of the website.CookiesCookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. Cookies allow us to provide important site functionality so you don’t have to re-enter lots of information. They also allow us to remember what links and pages have been clicked or viewed during a session. If you have provided us with personal data, completing a contact form for example, we may associate this personal data with other information. This will allow us to identify and record what is most relevant to you. You can view our cookie policy in more detail here.How will we use the information about you?We collect information about you to send you information that you have requested, to process your orders, to manage your account and, if you agree, to send you appropriate and useful communications. We use your information collected from the website to personalise these messages and your repeat visits to our website.We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you to third parties except when we need to do so in order to complete the transaction or provide services – e.g. to provide your StarLeaf service or to arrange for a courier company to deliver goods that you have ordered. If at any time in the future we should wish to disclose your information to any third party, it would only be with your knowledge and consent.MarketingWe would like to send you information about our products and services which may be of interest to you. This includes, but is not limited to; invitations to our industry leading events and webinars, our latest assets (whitepapers, guides, reports, infographics, videos and case studies) and promotional offers on software and services. We would also like to keep you abreast of industry news that is relevant to you. We use Mailchimp as our marketing email platform and have a data processing agreement in place to protect your personal data. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. Any marketing emails you receive from us will contain an automatic unsubscribe link.Google RemarketingWe use Google Remarketing audiences to advertise on Google’s display and search network. Google shows our ads on sites across the Internet. Google uses cookies to serve ads based on your past visits to our website. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ad Settings.Access to your information and correctionYou have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at sarah.roberts@audeo.co.uk or write to us at AuDeo Systems Ltd, First Floor, 6 Faraday Office Park, Rankine Road, Basingstoke, Hants, RG24 8QY. We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.How to contact usIf you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or information we hold about you, please email us at sarah.roberts@audeo.co.uk.
First Floor 6 Faraday Office Park Rankine Road Basingstoke Hampshire RG24 8QB
Phone: +44 (0) 1256 891700
Email: sales@audeo.co.uk
Video Call: Click to video callDownload our brochureHelp & InformationPrivacy PolicyCookie PolicyGDPR StatementLatest News StarLeaf Room for Poly October 8, 2020 So you think you know Video Conferencing? October 2, 2020Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
linkedin
Copyright 2020. All rights reserved. | Website design by NexusBondVIDEO CONFERENCINGFULL MEETING ROOMVIDEO CONFERENCINGFULL MEETING ROOM
×
VIDEO CONFERENCING FULL MEETING ROOM
×
Scroll To Top
This site uses cookies, by continuing to browse you agree to our cookie policy. Find out more.Okay