http://www.accolades4u.com/shopping-cart/site/privacy.php
Accolades Awards & Engraving
Award Categories
Acrylic Awards
Artistic Awards
Cast Awards
Certificate Awards
Clock Awards
Corporate Plaques
Crystal Awards
Cup Trophy Awards
Display Cases
Economy Awards
Gift Awards
Glass Awards
Lapel Pins
Medal Awards
Name Badges | Plates
Perpetual Plaques
Personalized Gifts
Ribbon Awards
Signs | Banners
Trophies | Resin
Trophies | Traditional
Theme Categories
Executive Gift Awards
Fire and Safety Awards
Golf Awards
Patriotic Awards
Religious Awards
Sport Trophy Awards
Helpful Information
Engraving Services
Shipping Time-frames
Artwork File Formats
Engraving Text Ideas
Store Policies
Privacy Policy
Please note that
this Use Policy is subject to change without notice, and that it reflects
our current business practices. This Use policy is
dated November 13, 2007
PERSONAL INFORMATION
AND CHOICE "Personal
information" is information about a natural person that identifies
or describes an individual, including, but not limited to, his or
her name, social security number, physical description, home address,
home telephone number, education, financial matters, etc, readily identifiable to that specific individual.
A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal
information, however, it is considered "electronically collected
personal information."
According to Government
Code ?? 11015.5., "electronically collected personal information"
means any information that is maintained by an agency that identifies
or describes an individual user, including, but not limited to, his
or her name, social security number, physical description, home address,
home telephone number, education, financial matters, medical or employment
history, password, electronic mail address, and information that reveals
any network location or identity, but excludes any information manually
submitted by a user, whether electronically or in written form, and
information on or relating to individuals who are users, serving in
a business capacity, including, but not limited to, business owners,
officers, or principals of that business.
"Electronically
collected personal information" that we automatically collect
includes your domain name or Internet Protocol address, and statistical
information about which web pages you visit on our web site. If you voluntarily participate
in an activity that asks for specific information (i.e., completing
a request for assistance, adding products to a shopping cart, submitting an order,
sending an e-mail, or participating in a survey) more detailed data
will be collected. If you choose not to participate in these activities,
your choice will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature
of this web site.
If any type of
personal information is requested on the web site or volunteered by
the user, State and Fedral law, including the Information Practices
Act of 1977, Government Code Section 11015.5., and the federal Privacy
Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information may be a public
record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection
and copying if not otherwise protected by federal or State law.
All Information submitted or collected by use of this web site is
considered to be publicly accessible information.
A SPECIAL NOTE
ABOUT CHILDREN Children are not eligible to use services that require submission
of personal information, and we require that minors (under the age
of 18) do not submit any personal information to us. This includes
submitting personal information to us as part of a user profile or
personalization profile, an order for products or e-mails. If you are a minor, you can use these services
only if used together with your parents or guardians. If you are a
minor, you should seek guidance from your parents.
INFORMATION
COLLECTED AND HOW IT IS USED We do collect personal information directly from individuals who volunteer to use some of our services. Collection of this information is required to deliver the specific services such as fulfillment and completion of your order, but use of these services is voluntary.
If you do nothing
during your visit to the web site but browse or download information,
we automatically collect and store the following information about
your visit:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used, but not the e-mail
address;
The
type of browser and operating system you used;
The
date and time you visited this site;
The
web pages or services you accessed at this site;
The
web site you visited prior to coming to this web site.
The information
we automatically collect or store is used to improve the content of
our web services and to help us understand how people are using our
services. This information does not identify you personally and is
used for gathering web site statistics. The information we automatically
collect and store in our logs about your visit helps us to analyze
our web site to continually improve the value of the materials available.
Our web site logs do not identify a visitor by personal information,
and we make no attempt to link other web sites with the individuals
that browse this web site.
This site may
provide or distribute certain lists and statistical reports of regulatory
information as provided by law, but no personal information is sold
or distributed, and all relevant legal protections still apply to
this web site.
WHAT HAPPENS
TO INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT TO US? If you choose to submit information to us, the information may or may not be transmitted through secure lines to our company database. You will be notified whether the information submited is secure or not by your browser. Different browser notify you using different methods. Please consult the documentation for the browser you are using for details on how your particular browser notifies you of security information.. Any private information will only be used for the purposes for which it was provided and will not be shared with another entity except as prescribed by law and/or as necessary to fulfill your order request.
USE OF INTERNET
REQUEST FOR ASSISTANCE FORM INFORMATION Any information you provide to us will only be shared with entities involved in your order as necessary. Information you provide may be included with other consumers' information to be used for statistical reporting, trending data, and/or investigative actions. For example, we may need to retain information that becomes part of an enforcement action or consumer complaint case for a period of time after the closing date of your order. Typically orders are stored in our online database for a period of seven years for accounting purposes.
SURVEYS If during your visit to this web site you participate in a survey
or send an e-mail, the following additional information will be collected:
The
e-mail address and contents of the e-mail; and
Information
volunteered in response to the survey.
The information
collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio,
video, and graphic information formats you send us. The
information is retained in accordance with Government Code §
11015.5.
IF YOU SEND
US E-MAIL You may choose to provide us with personal information, as in e-mail with a comment or question. We use the information to improve our service to you or to respond to your request. Sometimes we forward your e-mail to other employees or third party organizations we work with who may be better able to help you, and this staff may be employed by a different agency or company. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or, as required by law, we do not share your e-mail with any other organizations and your e-mail address is never solld to third party companies for use in spam activities.
We use your e-mail
to respond appropriately. This may be to respond to you, to address
issues you identify, to further improve our web site, or to forward
the e-mail to another agency for appropriate action for the purpose of fulfilling your order request.
ORDER FORMS If you place an order with us, we request information from the user
on our order form. A user must provide contact information (like name
and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card
number and expiration date). This information is used for billing
purposes and to fill your order/request. If we have trouble processing
an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you.
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE All information collected at this site becomes public record that
may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an
exemption in law exists. In the event of a conflict between this Use
Policy and the Public Records Act, the Information Practices Act,
or other law governing the disclosure of records, the Public Records
Act, the Information Practices Act, or other applicable law will control.
AUTOMATIC COLLECTION
OF INFORMATION/COOKIES Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your web
browser. Some pages on this site may make use of cookies to provide
you with personalized service on your return visits, or for other
reasons as may be necessary to provide a good web site experience
for you.
This site makes
every attempt to avoid the use of cookies. When needed to maintain
the functionality of an application.
Cookies created
on your computer by using this web site may contain "personal
information" but only if you submit that personal information
to this site through our forms. You can refuse the cookie or delete
the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available
methods. However, if you turn your cookie option off, you may not
be able to access some of the features in our interactive applications.
SECURITY This Site, as developer and manager of this web site, has taken several
steps to safeguard the integrity of its telecommunications and computing
infrastructure, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring,
auditing, and encryption. Security measures have been integrated into
the design, implementation, and day-to-day practices of the entire
sites operating environment as part of its continuing commitment to
risk management. This information should not be construed in any way
as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail
proof, the security of information provided via this web site. However,
because of the Public Nature of the Internet, you should consider
ANY AND ALL information submitted through, or listed at this site
to be publicly and freely accessible. This site or it's owners make
no representation or warranty to the contrary.
LINKS TO OTHER
SITES Our web site has links to sites we feel might be useful to you and
which may provide services. When you link to another site, you are
no longer on our site and are subject to the privacy policy of the
new site.
This web site
and the information it contains are provided as a public service by
the our company. This system is monitored to ensure proper
operation, to verify the functioning of applicable security features,
and for comparable purposes. Anyone using this system expressly consents
to such monitoring. Unauthorized attempts to modify any information
stored on this system, to defeat or circumvent security features,
or to utilize this system for other than its intended purposes are
prohibited and may result in criminal prosecution.
LIMITATION
OF LIABILITY This site attempts to maintain the highest accuracy of content on
its web site. Any errors or omissions should be reported for correction.
We makes no claims,
promises, or guarantees about the absolute accuracy, completeness,
or adequacy of the contents of this web site and expressly disclaims
liability for errors and omissions in the contents of this web site.
No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed, or statutory, including
but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party
rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
and freedom from computer virus, is given with respect to the contents
of this web site or its hyperlinks to other Internet resources.
Reference in this
web site to any specific commercial products, processes, or services,
or the use of any trade, firm, or corporation name is for the information
and convenience of the public, and does not constitute endorsement,
recommendation, or favoring by this site or its employees or agents.
This Use Policy
is subject to change without notice.
OWNERSHIP In general, information presented on this web site, unless otherwise
indicated, is copyrighted. and duplication of images, content
or any other form of this site is prohibited by law. If you would like
to purchase usage of images, or information from us you may contact
us to make a request
Accolades Awards & Engraving11826 Radium Street
San Antonio, TX 78216Phone: 210 832-0431 Toll-Free: 2108320431
Powered by BizWizard ShopKart by NetSoft Studio, LLC.
© Copyright 2007-2020
All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy