http://www.icontrol-inc.com/privacy-policy
Home
About
Learn
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
At Intelyt, we respect your privacy. We intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can visit www.intelyt.com on the Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address. It is our intent to let you know before we collect your personal information. We will let you know how your information is used if you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we or our business partners may need. Examples of such times are: to correspond with you, process an order or provide you with a subscription. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. We have implemented these practices for all of the Intelyt Web Pages. The Intelyt sites may contain links to other web sites. Intelyt is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. There is a technology called ’cookies’ which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some of our pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site and to grant you special access privileges. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. For more information, please see ’How to work with Cookies’ in your web browser software. Intelyt will never share or sell your personal information with any other person, company, organization, association or agency without your written permission unless under court order. If you have any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact our office.