https://www.bpw.com/terms-of-use-privacy-policy/
You are here: Home / TERMS OF USE & PRIVACY POLICYThe following Terms and Conditions of Use apply to you when you view, access or otherwise use the Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP website (the “Website”):
Legal Disclaimer
By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions. The information on this Website is intended to furnish users with general information on matters that they may find to be of interest. While every effort has been made to offer current and accurate information, errors can occur. Furthermore, this Website may contain references to certain laws and regulations. Laws and regulations will change over time and should be interpreted only in light of particular circumstances.
BARTLETT, PRINGLE & WOLF, LLP DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY AND RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE.
All content on the Website and all services provided through it are provided “as is”, with no guarantees of completeness, accuracy or timeliness, and without representations, warranties or other contractual terms of any kind, express or implied. Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP does not represent or warrant that this Website, the various services provided through this Website, and / or any information, software or other material downloaded from this Website, will be accurate, current, uninterrupted, error-free, omission-free or free of viruses or other harmful components.
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, BARTLETT, PRINGLE & WOLF, LLP DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY TO YOU AND EVERYONE ELSE IN RESPECT OF THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE AND ALL SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH IT, WHETHER UNDER ANY THEORY OF TORT, CONTRACT, WARRANTY, STRICT LIABILITY OR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER IN RESPECT OF DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, EVEN IF BARTLETT, PRINGLE & WOLF, LLP WAS ADVISED, KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
The information presented on this Website should not be construed as legal, tax, accounting or any other professional advice or service. You should consult with a BPW or other professional advisor familiar with your particular factual situation for advice concerning specific tax or other matters before making any decision. You should not send any confidential information to any member of BPW until you have received agreement from the firm to perform the services you request.
Unless otherwise specially noted, any federal tax advice contained in this Website was not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used, by any taxpayer for the purpose of avoiding penalties. Further, this Website was not intended or written to support the promotion or marketing of any transactions or matters it addresses.
No Client Relationship
We provide this Website for general informational purposes only. No client relationship is created between you and Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP when you use the Website. By using the Website, you agree that the information on this Website does not constitute accounting or other professional advice and no client or other relationship is created between you and Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP. Do not consider the Website to be a substitute for obtaining advice from a qualified accountant licensed in your state.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is top of mind at Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP. For that reason, we want to share with you the policies and practices we follow to safeguard your personal information. We uphold the highest ethical principles and abide by the confidentiality standards that govern the accounting profession.
Collection and Use of Your Personal Information
When you visit and communicate with us via this Website, we will not collect personal information about you unless you choose to provide us with that information. If you elect to correspond with us through email by submitting form requests, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone. We use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing the products and services you requested, to monitor the use of the service, our marketing and promotional efforts and improve our content and service offering, and customize our Website’s content, layout, services and for other lawful purposes. These uses improve our Website and better tailor it to meet your needs.
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by contacting us at info@bpw.com.
Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP will not sell, trade, license, transmit or disclose this information outside of Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP unless it is (a) expressly authorized by you, (b) necessary to enable Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP’s advisors to perform certain functions, or (c) required or permitted by law. In all cases, we will disclose the information consistent with applicable laws and regulations, and we will require the recipient to protect the information and use it only for the purpose it was provided.
Other Information
In addition to information you submit, we do collect other information, such as cookies and pixel tags, that do not identify you personally or any of your personal information, but provide us with data for our Website. For example, this data helps us understand how many visitors we receive, what pages are visited most often and how visitors use our Website so we can enhance the performance and usefulness of the Website.
Your E-mail
We welcome your comments or questions about our Website. We will share your comments and questions with those employees most capable of addressing your questions and concerns.
Please note that your e-mail may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use e-mail to communicate information to us that you consider confidential.
There is a location on Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP’s website where we have made special provisions for a more secure environment in which we can exchange information with you. You can navigate to our secure file upload section of the website through the Client Tools page located in the Resources section. At this location, addition information will be provided to you.
Links to Other Websites
Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP provides links to other websites, not owned or controlled by Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP, that we think may be useful or of interest to you. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information and practices of those other sites, nor do we regulate the content or privacy policies.
Data Security and Integrity
Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP maintains stringent security standards designed to protect non-public personal information at bpw.com against accidental or unauthorized access or disclosure. Among the safeguards, Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP established physical, technical and administrative barriers that together form a protective firewall around the information stored at this site. Those individuals who have access to the data are required to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
Changes to Privacy Statement
Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP may change this statement from time to time, in which the revision date of this document will be reflected below. We encourage you to periodically revisit this policy to see if there have been any changes that may affect you.
Linking
The following web link activities are explicitly prohibited by Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP and may constitute trademark and copyright infringement: links to any pages of our Website other than our home page, located at www.bpw.com, unless otherwise expressly agreed by us; Links that involve unauthorized use of our logo; and framing or metatags.
Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP does not bear any responsibility whatsoever for the content, accuracy or security of any websites that are linked (by way of hyperlink or otherwise) to this Website.
Certain links on this Website lead to servers maintained by individuals or organizations over which Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP has no control. Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP makes no representations or warranties regarding the accuracy or any other aspect of the information located on such servers. A link to a third party’s website should not be construed as an endorsement by either Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP or that third party of the other or its products and services.
Copyright Notice
Except where noted otherwise, all material on the Website is copyrighted. All rights reserved. No part of the materials on this Website, including but not limited to the text, graphics and html code, may be reproduced or transmitted in any form, or by any means without Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP’s written permission.
“Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP” and the stylized “BPW” symbol are registered trademarks of Bartlett, Pringle & Wolf, LLP.
Inquiries
Please direct any questions or concerns you may have regarding our Website to info@bpw.com.
Privacy Policy Update: 1.1.12
Recent Posts
Year-End Tax Planning for Businesses
Year-End Tax Planning for Individuals
Retirement Plan Options for Self-Employed Business Owners
5 New Updates on Economic Impact Payments
How To Use a CPA as an Expert Witness
Press
Stay Informed
Subscribe to BPW’s monthly e-newsletter
COVID-19 RESOURCES
+
Loading...