http://www.grayscott.com/privacy
ABOUT
Home
YouTube
BOOKS
EVENTS
PRESS
Contact
NEWSLETTER
Welcome
FUTURISTIC NOW
MERCH
Media
PRIVACY POLICY Version 1.0, Jan. 7 2019 This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for GrayScott.com and the Gray Scott mobile APP. This Privacy and Cookie Statement not only applies to www.grayscott.com, but also to all its subdomains and apps (e.g.
Gray Scott Mobile App). We recommend you to read it carefully.This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by GrayScott.com and the Gray Scott Mobile App. The privacy of all of our users is very important to GrayScott.com and the Gray Scott Mobile App. When you, as a User, use the Service, app or website we process your personal data. This Privacy and Cookie Statement describes how GrayScott.com safeguards and processes your Personal Data. The purposes for which GrayScott.com processes Personal Data; - Where the Personal Data are processed; - The security measures in place to protect Personal Data; - GrayScott.com limits of responsibility concerning third parties; - Viewing, changing and deleting your Personal Data; - Changes to this Privacy and Cookie Statement. What is stated in this Privacy and Cookie Statement? GrayScott.com informs you in this Privacy and Cookie Statement about: - The kinds of Personal Data processed by GrayScott.com by means of the Service; - Permissions - Cookies and similar technologies; - What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared? Grayscott.com and the Gray Scott mobile App will collect Name, Email, Phone, GPS location (on GrayScott mobile app) as well as Username, Passwords (encrypted) Age (optional) Gender (optional) List segmentation. While using the GrayScott mobile app we may also collect your IP-address and/or an unique device ID. GrayScott.com stores this Personal Data as well as other Personal Data provided by you when you use the Service.
The kinds of Personal Data processed by GrayScott.com is essential personal data to create and manage your account when you create an account or download the Gray Scott Mobile App.
You have to provide some Personal Data when registering. All payment information on GrayScott.com or the Gray Scott Mobile App and all processing of this information will be handled by the payment provider. We do not store credit card information on GrayScott.com or the Gray Scott Mobile App.
by using our Service In order to use our Service, you have to provide additional Personal Data. This information will not go public through the Service. You can also provide your financial information to GrayScott.com and third parties (AppMachine App host), such as your financial information to make payments. All credit card details you fill in while using our Service will under no circumstances be processed or stored by GrayScott.com or the Gray Scott Mobile App.4. For what purposes does GrayScott.com process Personal Data? A. Purposes is to processes Personal Data for the following purposes: - to enable you to use the Service; - to keep you updated with relevant information about our Service; - to inform you about Gray Scott’s (other) products or services; - to improve and/or customize the Service; - to identity you/or customize the Service; - to identify you and to prevent fraud; - to provide support; - to pass your Personal Data to third parties, if you requested us to do so or if we are legally obliged to do so. Who is Gray Scott. The Service and Websites of Gray Scott are marketed and operated by Squarespace and AppMachine B.V. AppMachine is a private company with limited liability in accordance with US laws. GrayScott.com or the Gray Scott Mobile App will not be held responsible for any breach of security on Suarespace or APPMachine as these are third party companies and are responsible for the security of the information they store and collect. You can reach GrayScott.com by Email: gray@grayscott.com
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information: You can email Gray@grayscott.com to correct any information collected by GrayScott.com or the Gray Scott Mobile App. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, text, SMS, email forms, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email or text in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cart (0)