https://www.allflex.global/us/privacypolicy/
Privacy PolicyHome Privacy PolicyThis privacy notice tells you what to expect when Allflex collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:Visitors to our websitePeople who use our services, eg who subscribe to our newsletter or request a publication from us;Job applicants and our current and former employees.Visitors to our website When someone visits www.allflex.global .com we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website. If we do want to collect personally identifiable information through our website, we will be up front about this. We will make it clear when we collect personal information and will explain what we intend to do with it.Use of cookies by AllflexOur Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and also allows us to improve our Website.We use the following cookies on our Website:Cookie name: CookiePro™Cookie use: Metrics: AllflexCookie duration: 1 yearHost: Allflex.globalDefinition: This cookie is used to identify users that have accepted the use of cookies on Allflex.globalE-newsletterWe use a third-party provider, to deliver our monthly e-newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies including clear gifs to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter.People who email usAny email sent to us, including any attachments, may be monitored and used by us for reasons of security and for monitoring compliance with office policy.  Email monitoring or blocking software may also be used. Please be aware that you have a responsibility to ensure that any email you send to us is within the bounds of the law.What will we do with the information you provide to us?All the information you provide during the process will only be used for the purpose of progressing your application, or to fulfill legal or regulatory requirements if necessary.We will not share any of the information you provide during the recruitment process with any third parties for marketing purposes or store any of your information outside of the European Economic Area. The information you provide will be held securely by us and/or our data processors whether the information is in electronic or physical format.We will use the contact details you provide to us to contact you to progress your application. We will use the other information you provide to assess your suitability for the role you have applied for.What information do we ask for, and why?We do not collect more information than we need to fulfill our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for, but it might affect your application if you don’t.If you are unsuccessful in your application for the position you have applied for, we may ask if you would like your details to be retained in our talent pool for a period of six months. If you say yes, we would proactively contact you should any further suitable vacancies arise.Links to other websitesThis privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit.Changes to this privacy noticeWe keep our privacy notice under regular review. This privacy notice was last updated on 05.01.19.