https://www.filopto.com/privacy/
1-888-321-0441
sales@accra.ca
Facebook
Twitter
Facebook
Twitter
PRIVACY POLICY
We recognize that privacy is important. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by Accra Med Software Inc., including Filopto.com.  Review the Terms of Use page of the website.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at
Privacy Info
c/o Accra Med Software Inc.
PO Box 23062
Moncton, NB E1A 6S8
Canada
Information we collect and how we use it
In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– Cookies – When you visit our sites, we send one or more cookies – a small file containing a string of characters – to your computer or other device that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, so that the sites can recognize you as the same user as you go from page to page.  “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– Log information – When you access our sites, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.  “Log files“Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
– Links – we may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our content and advertising.  “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Information you provide – When you request information or sign up for a Site Account or other service or promotion or demo or download that requires registration, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, address, phone, email address and an account password).
Additionally when you contact us or make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment method and related information, email address, phone number, and business description information. We refer to this information as “Information you provide.”
User communications – When you send email or other communications to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking about Device Information,  Information you provide and User communications.
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to Accra Med Software Inc. services only. We do not exercise control over other sites or advertisements linked from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Personal Information that we collect generally to fulfill any request placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Personal Information to:Communicate with you;Screen our request/orders for potential risk or fraud; andWhen in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Personal Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties only to to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site–you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your personal Information as required under applicable laws and regulations or to otherwise protect our rights.
BEHAVIOURAL ADVERTISINGAs described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=adsGOOGLE – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymousBING – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
DO NOT TRACKPlease note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
CHANGESWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.