http://www.helpingyougrow.com/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Our Approach
Workshops
Services
Connect with Us
Back
What Makes Us Unique?
Our Leaders
Our Facilities
Back
All Workshops
Leadership Development
Coaching
Leadership for Women
Federal Solutions
Personal Development
Team Building
MindSpring's Privacy PolicyThank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used. Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.Collection of InformationWe collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.Cookie/Tracking TechnologyThe Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.Distribution of InformationWe may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:Permitted or required by lawTrying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactionsInvestigating fraud which has already taken placeThe information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.