https://www.sennchem.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement describes the ways in which we, Senn Chemicals AG (“Senn”), collect, hold and use information about individuals who visit our website www.sennchem.com.BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AS THE USER CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. YOU ALSO CONFIRM HEREWITH YOUR AGREEMENT THAT WE MAY PERIODICALLY CHANGE OR MODIFY OR OTHERWISE UPDATE THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT OUR DISCRETION AND WITHOUT PRIOR NOTIFICATION.However, we will always handle your personal information in accordance with that Privacy Policy that was in effect at the time of the collection of your personal information. It is our intention to post changes to our privacy policy on this page so that you are fully informed concerning the types of information we are gathering, how we use it, and under what circumstances it may be disclosed.The term "Personal Data" as used in this Privacy Policy refers to information such as your name, birth date, e-mail address or telephone number that can be used to identify you. Generally, we will only process your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.Some parts of our website can be freely accessed and do not require any form of registration from you. However, other parts may require you to provide us with Personal Data. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to those parts of the website and/or for us to respond to your request.We will only process your Personal Data for specific and limited purposes and will inform you about these purposes when asking for your personal data. We will not give access to any of your Personal Data to any third party. However, Personal Data may incidentally be transferred to a third party acting for or on behalf of us, or in connection with our business, for further processing in accordance with the original purpose of the collection of the Personal Data. Wherever possible, we endeavour to ensure that both the obligation of non-disclosure and the intended use of the Personal Data are clearly indicated. Such third parties may adopt different privacy policies. However, we aim to ensure that such third parties provide the same degree of protection as we do. In general, we will fully comply with internationally recognized standards of data protection and take measures reasonably designed to protect that information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. In doing so, we also ensure compliance of our staff with strict standards of security and confidentiality.This Privacy Policy applies only to this website, and not to websites owned by third parties. We may provide links to other websites which we believe may be of interest to you. We aim to ensure that such websites are of the highest standard. However, due to the nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee the privacy standards of websites to which we link or be responsible for the contents of sites other than this one, and this Privacy Policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked, non-Senn website.If you have any questions, complaints and/or comments about this Privacy Policy or our compliance therewith, please contact us.© Copyright 2015 by Senn Chemicals AG, Guido Senn-Strasse 1, CH-8157 Dielsdorf, +41 43 422 24 00
×
Ask for a quote
+41 43 422 24 00
sales@sennchem.com
Contact us
Facebook
LinkedIn
General Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Legal Disclaimer
Copyright © 2020 by Senn Chemicals | All rights reserved
Headquarters
Senn Chemicals AG | Guido Senn-Strasse 1 | CH-8157 Dielsdorf
Phone: +41 43 422 24 00 | sales@sennchem.com