https://www.communitywestbank.com/privacy-statement.php
Skip to main content
For Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) loan clients, click here for resources to help you complete your loan forgiveness application.
Privacy Statement
As a customer of Community West Bank, a Community West Company, you provide us with important information about yourself. We believe it is our responsibility to safeguard your personal and financial information. We are committed to keeping it confidential.
We have developed the following privacy policy to ensure you the confidentiality you deserve. You have our promise that we will adhere to these guidelines. It is our pledge to you.
Notice of Your Financial Privacy RightsWe, our, and us, when used in this notice, mean Community West Bank, a Community West Company.
This is our privacy notice for our customers. When we use the words you and your, we are referring to all of our consumer customers who have a continuing relationship with us, such as:
Deposit Account
Loan Account
Safe Deposit Box
Retail installment contract we hold and service
Self-directed Individual Retirement Account where we act as custodian or trustee
Home Mortgage
We will tell you the sources for nonpublic personal information we collect on our customers, as well as what measures we take to secure that information. We will first define some terms.
Nonpublic personal information means information about you that we collect in connection with providing a financial product or service to you. Nonpublic personal information does not include information that is available from public sources, such as telephone directories or government records.
An affiliate is a company we own or control, a company that owns or controls us, or a company that is owned or controlled by the same company that owns or controls us. Ownership does not mean complete ownership, but means owning enough to have control.
A nonaffiliated third party is a company that is not an affiliate of ours.
The Information that We CollectWe collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms
Information about your transactions with us
Information about your transactions with nonaffiliated third parties
Information from a consumer reporting agency
Website "cookies"
The Confidentiality, Security & Integrity of Your Nonpublic Personal InformationWe restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Nonpublic Personal Information & Nonaffiliated Third PartiesWe will not disclose nonpublic personal information about you to anyone except as disclosed in this policy or as permitted by law.
Nonpublic Personal Information & Former CustomersWe do not disclose nonpublic personal information about former customers, except as permitted by law.
Products or Services Provided through Nonaffiliated CompaniesCommunity West Bank may provide informational brochures about products or services offered through companies not affiliated with Community West Bank. This product information is provided for your convenience only, and Community West Bank does not make any representations as to the product offered. If you apply for one of these products you will be providing personal nonpublic information directly to that company, which will not be protected or governed by Community West Bank's Privacy Policy. If you wish to clarify whether a product or service is offered by, or for the benefit of Community West Bank, please ask one of our customer service representatives. You may wish to obtain a copy of the product or service provider's Privacy Policy before requesting that product or service.