https://www.navcctv.com/privacy-policy
A message to our Customers, Suppliers, and Friends regarding service during the COVID-19 pandemic
About
Leadership Team
Technology Partners
Certifications
News
Careers
Installations
Gaming
Commercial
Services
Video Surveillance
Surveillance Service and Maintenance
Access Control
License Plate Recognition
Point of Sale
Intrusion Detection/Perimeter Protection
Intercoms/Emergency Call Stations
Structured Cabling
Data Rack Cleanup Services
Surveillance Network Design
Compliance Regulations for Casino
Testimonials
Blog
Resources
Whitepapers
Videos
Collateral
Contact
Privacy Policy
LEGAL
Website Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for the North American Video website, NAVcctv.com
BY USING THE NORTH AMERICAN VIDEO WEBSITE, YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY.
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to the North American Video (“NAV”, “we”, or “our”) website. By accessing, downloading pages, or using the site, or any Content provided on or via the site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”), our Privacy Policy, and all applicable laws. We may revise the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you, and the revised Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will be effective when posted.
Minors are not eligible to use this site.
Site Content
Through the site, you have access to Content, where “Content” is defined to include web pages, data, text, images, photographs, graphics, audio and video files, documents, product and service data sheets, flyers, white papers, press releases, and any other materials we may post or make available from time to time. Unless otherwise noted, all the Content remains the intellectual property and copyrighted work of NAV or, in cases of trademarks of other organizations and some licensed materials used on the site, the property of their respective owners, and is not part of the public domain. We reserve the right to add, change, or remove content at any time and without notice.
Use of Content
You may view, download, and print Content that NAV makes available through the site subject to the following conditions: (a) the Content may not be modified or altered in any way, and all copyright, trademark, and other proprietary notices remain intact; (b) the Content may be used only for informational, non-commercial purposes or to further your business relationship with NAV; and (c) the Content may not be sold or redistributed in any way without prior written consent from NAV.
Your Content
We do not, and will not, accept idea submissions, confidential information, or trade secrets from you through this site or in connection with this site. If you submit any information to us, you agree that you have the lawful right and authority to do so, and that by providing information to us you understand that it will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and that we may use it in any way we see fit without communication or compensation to you or anyone else.
Disclaimer
This site, and the Content provided therein, have been prepared with reasonable care and are provided free of charge for site visitors. We make no representations about the suitability of the Content, and all Content is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranty of any kind. Any Content accessed, downloaded, or otherwise obtained through the use of this site is at your own discretion and risk. In no event shall NAV be liable to any party for any damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential, lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs, or loss of data). If you have any concerns about the potential downsides of these risks, do not use the site.
Applicable Laws
This site is owned by North American Video, and operated and administered from within the United States. You are responsible for complying with all the local laws of your location. These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Jersey, USA, and you agree that any disputes arising from or relating to these terms and/or your use of the site will be resolved within the jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of New Jersey, regardless of where the site servers are located, where you might be located, or the location where you accessed the site. If any of the terms of this agreement are found to be invalid, all other terms shall remain in full force and effect.
PRIVACY POLICY
NAV is committed to your privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for NAVcctv.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personal data is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your personal data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your personal data.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.
Personal Data
For the purposes of this privacy policy, “personal data” is information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact an individual. It includes a variety of information such as name, postal address, phone number, and email address. When other information, such as contact preferences, is associated with personal data, this other information also becomes personal data. On this website, we only have access to personal data that you voluntarily give us via email or via submission of our web contact form. You are not required to provide any of this information, but if you do not, we may not be able to provide you the requested service, answer your question, or perform other appropriate action.
General Policy on Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We collect personal data for various business purposes, and may share contact information and other details of web site users with our authorized agents if we believe in good faith that it is required to provide information and/or services that are requested or desired by those users. Unless compelled to do so by law, NAV never sells, exchanges, or otherwise reveals personal data relating to site users of NAVcctv.com to any other party or organization for other purposes.
Contact Policy
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email, by phone, or by physical mail to respond to submitted questions or requests. We may also contact you in the future via email to update you about our services, changes to this privacy policy, or other matters we believe will be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive these updates, you can opt out at any time. You may be contacted by our sales staff, or by the staff of authorized agents if you have requested white papers or email updates, or had other prior contact with the company.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given at the end of this page:
See what personal data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any personal data we have about you.
Have us delete any personal data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your personal data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your personal data. When you submit personal data via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
We have implemented a range of security measures to protect the web site from being compromised, thereby preventing the exposure of collected personal data.
And, we also protect your personal data offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in physically secure environments.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us distinguish repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can enable us to adjust the displayed site content to match the interests of repeat users, thereby enhancing the experience on our site, though we may not implement this function at all times. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personal data on our site, thus it is does not become personal data and is not covered by the access and control procedures described above. Upon visiting the site, users are notified about the use of cookies. Most browser software provides the option to decline the use of cookies if desired, with a resulting decrease of site functionality.
Information Logging
Some information is collected automatically by the normal action of the Internet and captured in log files. NAV uses log files to monitor web site activity, improve the web site user experience, and to support security measures designed to protect the website and the information captured by the website. Log files capture information such as IP addresses, browser types, OS types, hostname data and the time of each page request. However, the information captured in the log files is not ever correlated or associated with personal data, and so this information does not become personal data, and is not covered by the access and control procedures described above.
Web Analytics
We use industry standard web analytics to analyze visits to our sites. These analytics are provided by Google Analytics. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Web analytics are not ever correlated or associated with personal data, and so this information does not become personal data, and is not covered by the access and control procedures described above.
You may opt out of web analytics by installing this tool on your computer.
Google Analytics Opt Out Link
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the sites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. There currently is disagreement, including among participants in the leading internet standards-setting organization, concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals.
We currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Consent to International Transfers of Personal Data
We do not place location restrictions on our web site, so we do not restrict the legitimate use of the site from any country. The personal data we collect on our sites or that you provide to us when you contact us will be sent to the United States. Although the laws that protect personal data in the United States may differ from the laws where you live, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. If you live outside the United States, by using our websites or contacting us and giving your personal data to us, you consent to the transfer of the data outside of your country.
Changes
This Policy is subject to change at any time. Any such changes will be posted on this page and will be effective when posted.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (800)-714-0717 or via email at info@navcctv.com.
Contact Us
Corporate Headquarters301 Drum Point RoadBrick, New Jersey 08723Phone: (800)-714-0717info@navcctv.com
About
Leadership TeamTechnology PartnersCertificationsNewsCareers
Installations
GamingCommercial
Services
Testimonials
Resources
WhitepapersVideos
Blog
©2020 North American Video | All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy