http://www.flexiblepipelines.co.uk/terms-of-use/
Navigation
Home
mainHome
About Us
Global Structure
Quality
History
Why Layflat Hose ?
Applications
Military
Ship to Shore Solutions
Mining
Petroleum, Oil and Gas
Drinking Water Applications
Irrigation and Agriculture
Fracking
Emergency Response
Others
Products
Wellmaster
Wellmaster Range
WellCalc Software
Installation Support
Super Aquaduct
Armourline
Dragmaster
Flowmaster
Chemicoil
Offshore 850
Duraline Fire Hose
Handling Equipment
News
Contact
Distributors
Return to Content
Hyperlinks
Certain links provided on this site will launch Internet sites that are not under the control of Angus Fire. Angus Fire provides these outside links solely as a convenience to its users and the provision of any such link is not an endorsement by Angus Fire of that site or any of the contents, products, or services contained or offered therein.
Accordingly, Angus Fire makes no representations or warranties whatsoever concerning availability of or content, including sub-links, found on those sites.
When registering for, ordering or purchasing products or services from any party which is linked to this site, you will be entering into an agreement with that third party and not with Angus Fire. In these cases, you should review and understand the terms and conditions posted by such third party and its privacy policy before you register, order or purchase. Except to the extent specifically stated herein, the privacy policy and Terms of Use stated by Angus Fire herein will not apply. Angus Fire is committed to linking with companies that share our privacy concerns. However, we cannot and do not control the way these parties use or collect information or operate their businesses.
When you link to another party’s site, you should be aware that those companies may use cookies or other means to collect information about you. In this case, the angusfire.co.uk privacy policy and terms will not apply.
Submissions
By submitting information and material to Angus Fire, whether via e-mail or otherwise, including, but not limited to, feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, graphics or computer files of any type, you thereby expressly grant, or warrant, that the owner of such material has expressly granted Angus Fire a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material (in whole or in part) worldwide and to incorporate it in other works in any form, media or technology now known or hereafter developed, subject to the angusfire.co.uk Statement of User Privacy.
Limitation of liability
Neither Angus Fire nor any of its subsidiaries, employees, or other representatives shall be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this site. Under no circumstances shall Angus Fire have any liability for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special, or punitive damages or costs, including, but not limited to, lost profits, business interruption, loss of information or data, or loss of goodwill, loss of or damage to property, and any claims of third parties, arising out of or in connection with the use, copying, or display of this site or its contents or any linked Web site, regardless of whether Angus Fire has been advised, knew, or should have known of the possibility thereof.
International users and jurisdiction
This site is maintained and controlled by Angus Fire in the United Kingdom. Angus Fire makes no representation that materials on this site are appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United Kingdom and access to this site from territories where this site’s contents are illegal is prohibited. If you access this site from locations outside the United Kingdom, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws. The laws of the United Kingdom shall govern the content and use of this site, without giving effect to any of the conflict of law principles or rules thereof.
Copyright and trademark
All Web site design, text, graphics, and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the property of Angus Fire and are copyright © 2007 Angus Fire. All rights reserved.
COVID-19
We are open for business, receiving orders, manufacturing products, and shipping to customers worldwide. However, in light of the circumstances ...Minexpo 2020 September – 28-30, 2020
We are exhibiting at the Minexpo 2020 in Las Vegas this year.
Watch this space for more information soon.
ABMEC Membership
ABMEC provides its members a means to accomplish things collectively, that they could not do as effectively or efficiently working ...
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok