http://www.appraisalassociates.ca/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Appraisal Associates, a division of Appraisal Associates Consulting Inc., has established a policy to protect the privacy rights of our clients, employees, and others. Our policy relates to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by the firm, its officers, directors, and employees. The policy adheres to the principles of privacy based on the Canadian Standards Association’s Privacy Principles and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA.)
When we are contacted through this website or through other means, provided names, email addresses, telephone numbers and personal property details are used only to aid in developing requested proposals. If engaged, information provided to us is retained only to allow us to complete a requested appraisal, appraisal review or consulting assignment. Consent to use information in this way is assumed when the information is provided to us. If new uses for provided information are identified, we contact the client to obtain permission for its new use.
At times, it is necessary during the course of our research to discuss details related to items of personal property with third parties. This is done on a confidential basis and the identity of the client is not revealed to third parties without permission.
We protect all personal and personal property information held by our firm and no information is transferred to a third party for processing. Information is stored electronically and in hard copy form on Appraisal Associates’premises. Personal and personal property information is safeguarded from unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification by physical measures (locked filing cabinets, restricting access to offices, key access to offices); by technological tools (passwords, encryption, firewalls); and by organizational controls (limiting access on a “need-to-know” basis, staff training.)
In compliance with our professional standards, workfiles may be disposed of five years after preparation or no sooner than two years after the conclusion of any judicial proceeding in which Appraisal Associates’personnel provided testimony related to the project, whichever period expires last. Appraisal Associates disposes of expired workfiles through transfer to a secure document disposal service.
We keep personal information as accurate, complete and up-to-date as necessary, taking into account its use and the interests of the individual. From time to time, we may request an update of the information from its source.
Our privacy officer is Stephen Sweeting, a principal of the firm. He may be reached through our contact page. His office mailing address is as follows: Appraisal Associates, 95 Trinity Street, Suite 104, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, M5A 3C7. All inquiries, access requests or complaints should be addressed to him and made in writing. We note any disagreement on file and advise third parties where appropriate. Matters will be handled within 30 days as outlined in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA.)
WordPress Carousel Plugin
Privacy policy
Disclaimer
Credits
Links of interest
Recent News'Priceless' jewels snatched from German state museumIn Plain Sight: The Henry Art Gallery opens a museum-wide exhibition'Egyptian Mummies: Exploring Ancient Lives' exhibition extended until March 29, 2020