http://www.aardcom.net/privacy
Sidebar
×
HomeEvent RegistrationOnline RegistrationOnsite RegistrationRegistration FormsSelf Check InName BadgesReportingScanningLead Retrieval ServicesSession TrackingAttendance TrackingTicketingOnline TicketingOnsite TicketingSeminar TicketingEvent Services Event SuppliesBadge HoldersName BadgesLanyardsWristbandsServicesSponsorshipWebsite DesignWeb DevelopmentInternet HostingContact UsRequest for ProposalSupport
PRIVACY POLICY
This Policy describes Aardcom's collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information. It governs the behavior of employees and agents acting on Aardcom's behalf when dealing with personal information. It provides procedures for an individual's access to and correction of personal information.
Personal information includes information about an identifiable individual, presented in any form, such as: age, name, ID number(s), income, ethnic origin, opinions, evaluations, social status, disciplinary actions, credit records, loan records, medical records.
Personal information does not include the name, title, address and telephone
number of an employee of an organization.
Q. Does Aardcom Sell or Share the Information It Receives?
A. We are not in the business of selling any information about you to others. As a global statement of policy, Aardcom does not and will not distribute any data collected on our web site or on web sites built by Aardcom for our Customers for free or for a fee to third parties under any circumstances. The data collected on our web site about our customers is for our use only and will remain confidential. The data collected on web sites built for our Customers is for our Customers use only. Aardcom cannot be held liable or responsible for the use of the data by our Customers collected on web sites that we build for our Customers. We may share customer information when we believe release of the information is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Aardcom, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. For more details, please see below.
PRIVACY POLICY DETAILS
Aardcom's Privacy Policy is enacted pursuant to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, and is effective as of January 1, 2004.
This Aardcom's Privacy Policy is organized along ten privacy
principles, which are:
Accountability
Identifying Purposes
Consent
Limiting Collection
Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention
Accuracy
Safeguards
Openness
Individual Access
Challenging Compliance
1. ACCOUNTABILITY
Aardcom is responsible for personal information under its control and will designate an individual or individuals who are accountable for the organization's compliance with the following principles.
1.1 Accountability for Aardcom's compliance with the principles rests with the senior management of Aardcom and the person or persons designated by senior management as Privacy Officer, even though other individuals within the organization may be responsible for the day-to-day collection and processing of personal information. In addition, other individuals within the organization may be delegated to act on behalf of senior management or the Privacy Officer.
1.2 Aardcom's senior management has designated one person to act as Privacy Officer to oversee the organization's compliance with the principles.
1.3 Aardcom is responsible for personal information in its possession or custody, including information that has been transferred to a third party for processing. Aardcom will use contractual or other means to provide a comparable level of protection while the information is being processed by a third party.
1.4 Aardcom will implement policies and practices to give effect to
the principles, including:
(a) implementing procedures to protect personal information;
(b) establishing procedures to receive and respond to complaints and
inquiries;
(c) training staff and communicating to staff information about Aardcom's policies and practices; and
(d) developing information to explain Aardcom's policies and
procedures.
2. IDENTIFYING PURPOSES
Aardcom will identify the purposes for which personal information is collected at or before the time the information is collected.
2.1 Aardcom collects personal information only for the following
purposes ("identified purposes"):
(a) to provide service(s) and/or products to its customers;
(b) to maintain commercial relations and to communicate with its customers (which will include, but not be limited to: billing, collection, advertising, promotion, account verification);
(c) to identify customer needs and/or preferences;
(d) to meet legal and regulatory requirements;
(e) to administer and manage its business operations
2.2 Aardcom will provide notice of the identified purposes either orally, electronically or writing prior to or at the time of collection of the personal information.
2.3 Persons collecting personal information will be able to explain to individuals the purposes for which the information is being collected, or will refer the individual to a designated person at Aardcom who will explain the purposes.
2.4 When personal information that has been collected is to be used for a purpose not previously identified, the new purpose will be identified prior to use. Unless the new purpose is required by law, Aardcom will obtain the consent of the individual before information is used for that new purpose.
Occasionally, Aardcom will communicate to you special bonus and new product offers that we think may be of value to you. If you wish to opt-out of receiving targeted communications from Aardcom in electronic, printed or verbal format (other than information included with your monthly bills), simply inform us in writing at 7725 Yonge St, Thornhill, ON, Canada or by emailing privacy at aardcom.com
3. CONSENT
The knowledge and consent of the individual are required for the collection, use or disclosure of personal information, except where inappropriate.
3.1 In certain circumstances, personal information can be collected, used, or disclosed without the knowledge and consent of the individual. For example, legal, medical or security reasons may make it impossible or impractical to seek consent. When information is being collected for the detection and prevention of fraud or for law enforcement, seeking the consent of the individual might defeat the purpose of collecting the information. Seeking consent may be impossible or inappropriate when there is an emergency threatening the individual's life, health or security, or where the individual is a minor, seriously ill, or mentally incapacitated. In other instances, information may be publicly available. Moreover, Aardcom may provide personal information to its lawyer or agent to collect a debt, comply with a subpoena, warrant or other court order, government institution requesting the information upon lawful authority, or as may be otherwise required by law.
3.2 Aardcom will generally seek consent for the use or disclosure of the information at the time of collection. In certain circumstances, consent with respect to use or disclosure may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, when Aardcom wants to use information for a purpose not previously identified).
3.3 Aardcom will make a reasonable effort to ensure that the individual is advised of the purposes for which the information will be used. To make the consent meaningful, the purposes will be stated in such a manner that the individual can reasonably understand how the information will be used or disclosed.
3.4 Aardcom will not, as a condition of the supply of a product or service, require an individual to consent to the collection, use, or disclosure of information beyond that required to fulfill the explicitly specified and legitimate purposes.
3.5 The form of consent sought by Aardcom may vary, depending upon the circumstances and the type of information disclosed. In determining the form of consent to use, Aardcom will take into account the sensitivity of the information and the reasonable expectations of the individual. An authorized representative (such as a legal guardian or a person having power of attorney) can also give consent.
Aardcom will seek express consent when the information is likely to
be considered sensitive.
Implied consent will generally be appropriate when the information is less sensitive. The use of services or products by a customer or the acceptance of employment by an employee will be considered implied consent to collect, use and disclose personal information for all identified purposes.
3.6 An individual may withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice. Aardcom will inform the individual of the implications of such withdrawal. In order to withdraw consent, an individual must provide notice to Aardcom in writing.
3.7 With respect to personal information already collected by Aardcom prior to the publication of this Privacy Policy, this Policy will constitute reasonable notice to Aardcom's current customers and employees of the purposes and uses for which such personal information has been collected. Should an individual object to these ongoing uses or disclosures, consent may be withdrawn upon providing notice to Aardcom in writing.
4. LIMITING COLLECTION
The collection of personal information will be limited to that which is necessary for the purposes identified by Aardcom. Information will be collected by fair and lawful means.
4.1 Aardcom collects personal information from its customers and
employees for the purposes described under Principle #2.
4.2 In connection with its Internet business, Aardcom may use a 'Cookie' to collect certain information which it uses to track user patterns on its web site(s). A Cookie is a text file containing a unique identification number that identifies a user's browser, but not a particular individual. A Cookie does not identify an individual. Furthermore, Aardcom does not use Cookies in combination with other information to obtain personally identifiable information. If an individual does not wish to use Cookies, he or she can re-set their browser to either provide notification or refuse to accept Cookies.
5. LIMITING USE, DISCLOSURE, AND RETENTION
Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with the consent of the individual or as required by law. Personal information will be retained only as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
5.1 Aardcom may collect, use or disclose personal information without the individual's knowledge or consent in certain circumstances as described in Principle #3.1.
5.2 Aardcom may disclose a customer's personal information to:
(a) a customer of Aardcom for whom we have built and/or maintain
an event registration system;
(b) a person involved in the development, promotion, marketing or
enhancement of Aardcom services;
(c) a credit collections agency;
(d) emergency services in an emergency situation;
(e) a person, who, in the reasonable estimation of Aardcom, is an
agent of the customer;
(f) any other third party, upon receiving the consent of the customer or as
required by law.
5.3 Aardcom may disclose an employee's personal information in the
following circumstances:
(a) in the administration of that employee's benefits;
(b) in providing references to prospective employers, upon receiving the
consent of the employee;
(c) as may be required by law.
5.4 Certain Aardcom employees may be given access to customer and/or employee information in so far as their duties require access for business purposes. Aardcom employees are governed by a non-disclosure agreement prohibiting disclosure or use of any confidential or personal information for any purposes other than the stated business purposes.
5.5 Aardcom will retain personal information for only as long as required to fulfill the identified purposes or as required by law.
5.6 Personal information that is no longer required to fulfill the identified purposes will be destroyed, erased or made anonymous according to the guidelines and procedures established by Aardcom.
6. ACCURACY
Personal information will be as accurate, complete, and up-to-date as is
necessary for the purposes for which it is to be used.
6.1 The extent to which personal information will be accurate, complete, and up-to-date will depend upon the use of the information, taking into account the interests of the individual. Information will be sufficiently accurate, complete, and up-to-date to minimize the possibility that inappropriate information may be used to make a decision about the individual.
6.2 Aardcom will not routinely update personal information unless such a process is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information was collected.
6.3 Personal information that is used on an ongoing basis, including information that is disclosed to third parties, should generally be accurate and up-to-date, unless limits to the requirement for accuracy are clearly set out.
7. SAFEGUARDS
Personal information will be protected by security safeguards appropriate to
the sensitivity of the information.
7.1 Aardcom will protect personal information against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. The nature of the safeguards will vary depending on the sensitivity of the information that has been collected, the amount, distribution and format of the information, and the method of storage.
7.2 Aardcom protects all personal information regardless of the format in which it is held. The methods of protection may include:
(a) physical measures, such restricted access to offices;
(b) organizational measures, such as security clearances and limiting
access on a "need to know" basis;
(c) technological measures, such as the use of passwords and encryption.
7.3 Aardcom makes their employees aware of the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of personal information. Aardcom employees are governed by a non-disclosure agreement prohibiting disclosure or use of any confidential or personal information for any purposes other than the stated business purposes.
7.4 Aardcom will use care in the disposal or destruction of personal information to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to the information.
8. OPENNESS
Aardcom will make readily available to individuals specific information about its policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
8.1 Aardcom will make its policies and practices with respect to the management of personal information easily comprehensible and accessible, by providing upon request:
(a) the name, title, and address of the Privacy Officer accountable for Aardcom's policies and practices and to whom complaints or inquiries can be forwarded;
(b) the means of gaining access to personal information held by Aardcom; and
(c) a description of the type of information held by Aardcom
and/or its subsidiaries, including a general account of its use.
8.2 Aardcom will make this Privacy Policy available online, by
mail, or in a brochure format at its place of business.
9. INDIVIDUAL ACCESS
Upon request, an individual will be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of his or her personal information and will be given access to that information. An individual will be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and have it amended as appropriate.
9.1 Upon request, Aardcom will inform an individual whether or not the organization holds personal information about the individual, and will provide that individual with a reasonable opportunity to review the personal information in his or her file.
9.2 Aardcom will allow the individual access to his or her personal information once the individual has provided Aardcom with a written request. The request must include sufficient information to permit Aardcom to provide an account of the existence, use, and disclosure to any third parties of this personal information. Aardcom will use the request only for this purpose.
9.3 Aardcom will respond to a request for individual access to personal information within a reasonable time and at no cost to the individual. The requested information will be provided or made available in a form that is generally understandable.
9.4 Aardcom will be as specific as possible in providing an account of third parties to which it has disclosed personal information about an individual. When it is not possible to provide a list of the organizations to which it has actually disclosed information about an individual, Aardcom will provide a list of organizations to which it may have disclosed information about the individual.
9.5 In certain instances, Aardcom will not be able to provide the individual access to his or her personal information. For example, Aardcom will not provide access to information where the information requested is prohibitively costly to provide; where the information contains references to other individuals; where the information cannot be disclosed for legal, security or commercial proprietary reasons; where the information is subject to solicitor-client or litigation privilege; or where the information can best be available from another source (for example, through a medical practitioner). In each case, Aardcom will provide reasons for denying any access to personal information.
9.6 When an individual successfully demonstrates the inaccuracy or incompleteness of personal information, Aardcom will amend the information as required. Depending upon the nature of the information challenged, amendment involves the correction, deletion or addition of information. Where appropriate, the amended information will be transmitted to third parties having access to the information in question.
9.7 When a challenge is not resolved to the satisfaction of the individual, Aardcom will record the substance of the unresolved challenge. When appropriate, the existence of the unresolved challenge will be transmitted to third parties having access to the information in question.
10. CHALLENGING COMPLIANCE
An individual will be able to address a challenge concerning compliance with
the above principles to Aardcom's Privacy Officer.
10.1 Aardcom will maintain procedures to receive and respond to complaints or inquiries about its policies and practices relating to the handling of personal information. Aardcom will make every effort to ensure that its procedures are easily accessible and simple to use.
10.2 Aardcom will inform individuals who make inquiries or lodge
complaints of the existence of relevant complaint procedures.
10.3 The person or persons accountable for compliance with this Privacy Policy may seek external advice where appropriate before providing a final response to individual complaints.
10.4 Aardcom will investigate all complaints. If a complaint is found to be justified, Aardcom will take appropriate measures, including, if necessary, amending its policies and practices.
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act governs the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in the commercial sector.
Under the Act, Aardcom is required to adhere to ten privacy principles set out in the National Standard of Canada, Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information.
Request for Proposal
Get a quote for your next event but completing this short form.