http://www.openjawtech.com/legal/privacy-policy
A TravelSky Company
Platforms
Company
Insights
COVID-19 Resources
Platforms
t-RetailDynamic Offers
t-DataRealtime Personalisation
t-SocialIntelligent Interfaces
LoyaltyBetter Loyalty & Redemption
Request a Demo
Company
About
Careers
Contact
Speak to a member of our team
Insights
Blog
eBooks
eBooks
@OpenJawTech on Twitter
Get in touch
Name
Email Address
How can we help you?
OpenJaw Technologies respects the privacy of all users of our website (i.e. our desktop and mobile sites), including social media pages and apps. When we refer to “OpenJaw”, “we” or “us” in this privacy policy we are referring to OpenJaw Technologies Limited.
In this privacy statement, we will explain how OpenJaw collects and uses the personal information it gathers while ensuring we keep all personal information you provide to a minimum and in accordance with our obligations under current General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) legislation.
This Statement outlines the types of personal information collected on our website, how this data is used and safeguarded as well as how users may exercise their rights with respect to personal information.
Information collection & use
The types of personal information that may be collected via our website may be provided by the user or collected automatically on our website (e.g. by using cookies or other online technologies).
When you register for an event, we may collect additional information (online or offline) in relation to the event organisation, and during an event, such as participation in sessions and survey results. When you provide us with your business contact information (such as by handing over a business card) we may use this to communicate with you.
We may collect; Name, Address, Company, Email Address, Company Address, Job Title. We may use this information to share company updates and product news through email marketing campaigns.
The legal basis on which we do this is our Legitimate Interest, to which you have the right to object by contacting the Data Protection Officer at dpo@openjawtech.com.
You have the option to provide additional information to us. We encourage you to submit this information, so that we can provide you with a more personalised experience on our website.
OpenJaw Technologies is the sole owner of the information collected on this website. OpenJaw Technologies collects personal information from our users at several different points on our website.
At any given moment, you can use the Unsubscribe functionality at the bottom of every newsletter, in case you do not wish to be registered anymore.
Provision of information
Any personal information provided by you to OpenJaw Technologies through this website will be used for the purpose of providing you with OpenJaw Technologies’ information. Such information will be sent to you using the contact information you have submitted via this website. We use this information to monitor site traffic and further understand our market and your requirements.
Recruitment
In connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume. We may use this information throughout OpenJaw Technologies in order to address your inquiry or consider you for employment purposes.
Children
Our websites, products and services are not intended for use by children under the age of 16.
Surveys or contests
From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information and demographic information.
Product offers and updates
If you have registered to our website, we will occasionally send you information on OpenJaw Technologies’ products and services. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions in the section “Choice/Opt-out” below.
Newsletters
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use contact information, e.g. your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions in the section “Choice/Opt-out” below.
Log files
We may also collect information relating to your use of our website through the use of various technologies. For example, when you visit our websites, we may log certain information that your browser sends us, such as your IP address (including information deriving from your IP address such as your geographic location), browser type, version and language, access time, duration of access, and referring website addresses; we may also collect information about the pages you view within our sites, the time you spent on each page and other actions you take while visiting our website.
We use this information to analyse trends, to administer our website, to track users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Information sharing and disclosure
Except as provided in this Privacy Statement, we will not share, sell, license, trade or rent users’ personal information to or with any third party without the user’s consent.
We will share user information in the following ways:
By providing your personal information to us, you understand that it may be transferred, stored or processed outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). In such case, we will ensure all the recipients of your information located outside the EEA have entered into a contractual arrangement with us, which protects your personal information whenever it is transferred outside the EEA.
Fraud prevention: We may disclose the personal information we collect about our users when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety, rights, or property of us, our users, or others.
Law enforcement purposes: If requested or required by government authorities, such as law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, or otherwise to comply with the law, we may disclose any information we have about our users. We also may disclose information collected about a user in order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Choice/opt-out
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter, promotional or other (electronic) communications, you may opt-out of / unsubscribe to receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter. For all other requests, such as (full) personal data erasure, please email us at dpo@openjawtech.com.
Information security
We take the security of our users’ personal information seriously and use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect their personal information against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. However, because no security system can be 100% effective, we cannot completely guarantee the security of any information we may have collected from or about our users.
Retention of personal information
We retain the information we collect about and from users for as long as necessary to fulfil a business purpose or comply with a legal request. We may also choose to anonymise a certain amount of the information provided to us so that it can no longer be attributed to a user if we would like to retain it for longer periods of time.
Links to other sites
This website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by OpenJaw Technologies. Please be aware that we, OpenJaw Technologies, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information.
This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Your data protection rights
You have the following rights:
The right to access the personal data we hold about you;The right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal data about you without undue delay;The right to have us erase any personal data we hold about you in circumstances such as where it is no longer necessary for us to hold the personal data or, in some circumstances, if you have withdrawn your consent to the processing;The right to object to us processing personal data about you such as processing for profiling or direct marketing;The right to ask us to provide your personal data to you in a portable format or, where technically feasible, for us to port that personal data to another provider provided it does not result in a disclosure of personal data relating to other people;Where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent to that processing, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time but any processing that we have carried out before you withdrew your consent remains lawful. After we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
If you want to exercise any of these rights, then please contact the Data Protection Officer at dpo@openjawtech.com.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request for access is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is another appropriate security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it.
You have the right to contact the Data Protection Commissioner to lodge a complaint. You can visit their website at https://dataprotection.ie/.
Changes to this privacy statement
From time to time we may update this Statement. When we do, we will publish the changes on this website. If you do not agree with these changes, you should discontinue your use of our website. If material changes are made to this Statement, we will notify users by e-mail or by placing a prominent notice on this website.
Contact
You can submit any comment, request, question that you may have regarding our Privacy Statement by contacting us at:
Data Protection OfficerOpenJaw TechnologiesGrattan Bridge House1 Ormond Quay UpperDublin D07 K276Ireland
+353 1 525 7100dpo@openjawtech.com
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More info
Got It!
This website uses cookies.
Some of these cookies are necessary, while others help us analyse our traffic and deliver customised experiences for you.
For more information on the cookies we use, please refer to our Cookie Policy.Accept allDeny AllCookie Policy
You can revoke your consent any time using the revoke consent button.Revoke consent