http://www.glassfireplacedoors.com/privacy-statement/
Skip to content
Privacy Statement
Design Specialties, LLC, along with our web presence provider, Ascedia, Inc., has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site:
Online Forms
This site uses a forms processor for customers to request or order information on products or services. Information collected is used ONLY to process orders and requests to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to check the user's qualifications and bill the user for products and services.
This site does NOT intend to collect any financial, personal, or other sensitive information unless the information is voluntarily given by customers. This sensitive information should not be provided unless a site is secure. A site is secure when the information transmitted is scrambled using the latest encryption technology. If in doubt, please contact the company directly, or request an alternate payment method for your online transaction.
Website Access Logs
This website gathers user information via access logs, including but not limited to user IP/URL, pageviews, browser and operating system used to access the site, date and time of visits, referrals from external websites. This information is used by Design Specialties, LLC only to analyze website traffic, improve website content and for general prospecting or sales functions.
Cookies
This website may use cookies. Cookies are small text files placed on your computer to store information from a website. Any information, including logins, registration information, user preferences or pageviews may be stored in a cookie. Your web browser can be configured to refuse cookies, however, Design Specialties, LLC is not responsible for areas of this website not functioning properly due to the refusal of cookies.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The information collected is used solely by Design Specialties, LLC and is not shared with or sold to anyone. Design Specialties, LLC does not disclose any personal information except when permission has been granted by the individual, or, we are required to do so by law, subpoena, court order or legal process.
Collection of IP Data
Design Specialties, LLC may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with the server and to administer the website. Design Specialties, LLC may use your IP address for general prospecting or sales functions and the last URL visited to diagnose traffic patterns.
Links to External Websites
If this website contains links to other sites,
Design Specialties, LLC make no representations with respect to privacy practices, privacy statements, or the content of such websites.
Responses and Updates
Design Specialties, LLC will typically respond to e-mail and other inquiries that it receives. Design Specialties, LLC may retain such correspondence in order to improve its products, services and web presence. Design Specialties, LLC does not warrant or make any representations regarding the use of the results or the use of electronic correspondence directed to Design Specialties, LLC in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability or otherwise, whether answered or unanswered.
Disclaimer of Warranties
All materials, information, products and services included in this website are provided "AS IS," with no warranties whatsoever. Design Specialties, LLC does not warrant that the functions of this website will be uninterrupted or error free. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of this website is with the customer. In no event will Design Specialties, LLC be liable to the customer or any third party for any damages, including lost profits, lost savings or any other direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or losses arising out of the use of this website, or as a result of any errors, omissions, interruptions, power failures, computer viruses, data damage, deletion of files, defects, delays in operation, delays or failure of transmission, or any other failure of performance, even if customer has bee advised of the possibility of such damages.
You understand and agree that downloading or obtaining any material through the Design Specialties, LLC website is at your own discretion and risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any damages to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material or data.
Design Specialties, LLC
reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement or to modify any features of this website at any time.
If you have comments or questions about our Privacy Statement, use this email address: info@glassfireplacedoors.com