https://www.dehumidifiercorp.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Dehumidifier Corporation of America respects your privacy and our site visitors' information. We do not share, sell, or rent any of the information collected to any third parties and do not intend to do so in the future.
Information Collected
If you request or submit information to us by sending an Email via info@dehumidifiercorp.com or by filling out a "contact" form, we may save your Email address as well as any other information you provide. This information may be used to contact you in the future by mail, Email, or phone to convey information about our solutions or services that we feel may benefit you. Your Email and other information will not be sold to any third party.
Information Collected by Others
This notice addresses only Dehumidifier Corporation of America’s website policy, and does not apply to sites that users access via links from our site. Dehumidifier Corporation of America is not responsible for the information collecting policies of other sites, for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website, or for the information or content contained therein. Often, links to other websites are provided solely on the basis that they may contain useful information for our visitors. Users are advised to review the privacy policy of other websites.
Cookies
Dehumidifier Corporation of America’s website uses cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to decline them if you prefer.
Updating, Correcting, and Deleting Personal Information
If you would like to have your personal information removed from our records, please send an Email with "Remove personal information" in the subject line.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
Dehumidifier Corporation of America may disclose information when legally compelled to do so: when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires us to do so or for the protection of our legal rights.
Periodic Policy Changes
Please note that Dehumidifier Corporation of America reviews its privacy practices from time-to-time (i.e. to track technology and/or legal changes), and that these practices are subject to change. To ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our privacy policy, please bookmark and periodically review this page.
This policy statement is made in the name of Dehumidifier Corporation of America and is effective as of August 1st, 2017. This statement does not create an agreement between Dehumidifier Corporation of America and users, and as such, does not create any legal rights for any party.
Contact Us:
Dehumidifier Corporation of America W53 N550 Highland Drive Cedarburg, WI 53012 Toll Free: 888.883.7602 Ph: 262.377.7501 Fx: 262.377.7502 Email: info@dehumidifiercorp.com Website: www.dehumidifiercorp.com
X
Looking for information about replacing your current dehumidifier unit? Check out our tool!
Looking for additional information?
Indoor Growhouse eBook
Troubleshooting Guide
The DCA Advantage
View All Resources
Want to learn more about getting the most out of your dehumidifier unit?
Check Out our Resource Library
Trusted By: