https://www.fischertool.com/legal-notice/
PreviousNext
FISCHER TOOL & DIE CORP
7155 Industrial Road
Temperance
MI 48182
Represented by:
Personally liable partner:
Schaufler GmbH
Authorized Managing Director:
Siegfried Heinrich
Contact:
phone 734.847.4788
fax 734.847.5027
E-Mail: info@fischertool.com
Register:
Registration in the commercial register.
Registration court:Ulm
Registration number: HRA 1841
VAT:
VAT No. according to §27 a Umsatzsteuergesetz:
DE 1471 73 762
Mediation
The European Commission provides a platform for online dispute resolution (OS): https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.
Our e-mail address can be found above in the imprint.
We are not willing or obliged to participate in dispute resolution procedures before a consumer arbitration board.
Liability for content
As a service provider and according to § 7 Abs.1 TMG, we are responsible for own contents on these sides according to the general laws. According to §§ 8 to 10 TMG, however, we as a service provider are not obliged to monitor transmitted or stored external information or to investigate circumstances that indicate illegal activity.
Obligations to remove or block the use of information under general law remain unaffected. However, liability in this regard is only possible from the moment of knowledge of a specific infringement. Upon notification of appropriate violations, we will remove this content immediately.
Liability for links
Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties over whose contents we have no influence. Therefore we can not assume any liability for these external contents. The content of the linked pages is always the responsibility of the respective provider or operator of the pages. The linked pages were checked for possible legal violations at the time of linking. Unlawful contents were not recognizable at the time of linking. However, a permanent content control of the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of law. Upon notification of violations, we will remove such links immediately.
Copyright
The content and works on these pages created by the site operators are subject to German copyright law. The duplication, processing, distribution and any kind of exploitation outside the limits of copyright require the written consent of the respective author or creator. Downloads and copies of this page are only permitted for private, non-commercial use.
If the content on this page was not created by the operator, the copyrights of third parties are respected. In particular contents of third parties are marked as such. Should you still be aware of a copyright infringement, we ask for a note. Upon notification of violations, we will remove such content immediately.
Terms and Conditions
Terms of delivery and payment
Terms of purchasing
Home
Legal notice
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
News
see all NewsCareer
see all JobsPress
see all press articles
FISCHER TOOL & DIE CORP
7155 Industrial Road
Temperance, MI 48182
Telephone +01 734 847 4788
Telefax +01 734 847 5027
E-Mail info@fischertool.com
SCHAUFLER Tooling GmbH & Co. KG
Goethestrasse 72
89150 Laichingen
Telephone +49 73 33 96 08 – 0
Telefax +49 73 33 96 08 – 24
E-Mail info@schaufler.de
SCHAUFLER China Co., Ltd.
No. 778 Chuangxin west Road
Free trade zone, Shanghai
Telephone +86 137 64637572
E-Mail joey.cao@schaufler.com.cn
Scroll to top
We want to offer you the best possible service. We store information about your visit in so-called cookies.
By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies.
OKdata protection
We use cookies on our site
We can request cookies set on your device. We use cookies to notify us when you visit our Web sites, how you interact with us, improve your experience and customize your relationship with our site.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your settings. Keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies can affect your experience on our websites and the services we can offer.
Essential websites cookies
These cookies are essential in order to provide you with the services available on our website and to use some of their functions.
Since these cookies are essential to provide the site, you can not decline them without affecting the way our site works. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and forcing blocking all cookies on this site.
Other external services
We also use a variety of external services such as Google web fonts, Google Maps, and external video providers. Since these providers may collect personally identifiable information, such as your IP address, you can block them here. Please note that this can seriously affect the functionality and appearance of our website. Changes take effect as soon as you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
[Av_privacy_google_webfonts]
Google map settings:
[Av_privacy_google_maps]
Vimeo and Youtube video embed:
[Av_privacy_video_embeds]
data protection
You can read our cookie and privacy settings in detail on our privacy page. [Av_privacy_link]