http://www.nationalbeef.com/privacy-statements
External
Chevron Left
Chevron Right
Fork and Knife
Circle Checkmark
Circle Cross
Circle Exclamation
Circle Info
search
User
Register
Cross
Menu
PDF
Adobe PDF
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
spinner
Facebook
Linked In
triangle
triangle
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
National Beef® Packing Company, LLC. Privacy Policy
Effective Date of Policy: January 1, 2012.
National Beef Packing Company LLC. is committed to safeguarding your privacy on its web site located at www.nationalbeef.com (the "Site"). This National Beef Privacy Policy does not apply to products or services provided, or information obtained, other than through the Site. Please read the following policy to understand how your information will be treated. National Beef may modify this policy from time to time by posting a revised policy at this web site address, so please check back periodically. When this policy is modified, if the modifications are significant, we will display the following next to the link to the policy at the Site: "[RECENTLY REVISED]", for a period of thirty (30) days following the posting. Please keep in mind that some of the services mentioned specifically in this policy may not be available on our sites at this time. If you have questions concerning this policy, please contact National Beef at website_questions@nationalbeef.com.
What information does National Beef collect from me?
National Beef may collect the following categories of personally identifiable information through the Site: your National Beef account number and password, and your email address. In order to receive certain services, it is possible that we would request your name, postal address, phone number, other information relevant to the transaction. National Beef collects information in several ways. For example, some of this personal information is gathered when you register as a customer using our Account Interface. During registration, we ask for your National Beef account number and your email address. Once you register, you are no longer anonymous to National Beef and are able to take full advantage of our services. In addition to registration, we may ask you for information at other times, such as when you report a problem with our sites or services, or contact the company via the corporate email address. You may also transmit an email to us with your questions or comments.
If you contact National Beef, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
If you believe that any inaccurate or inappropriate information has been obtained or disseminated through your use of our Sites, you should contact a representative of National Beef at website_questions@nationalbeef.com.
What are cookies and how does National Beef use them?
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, many web sites use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to allow faster and easier access to your account information, monitor traffic on our sites and measure traffic patterns to improve functionality. National Beef web pages may in the future contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called clear gifs or web bugs), log files, or other advanced technologies that are useful in the provision of services to you.
How does National Beef use the information?
National Beef’s primary goal in collecting information is to improve the sites and provide the user with the best possible experience on the sites. For example, by using the information collected, we are able to provide you with an easy-to-use and readily available forum to access your National Beef account information. We will also use your personal information to send electronic notices to you and notify you of other products or services available from National Beef and its affiliates.
We also may do research on our users' demographics and behavior based on the information provided to us upon registration, gathered from transaction activity, from our server log files or from surveys. This research may be compiled, analyzed or sold on an aggregated basis, which does not include information identifying individual users. National Beef also may share this aggregated data with business partners or other third parties.
User data and opt-out
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. We will not upload any data that allows Google to personally identify an individual (such as name, Social Security Number, email address, or any similar data), or data that permanently identifies a particular device (such as a unique device identifier if such an identifier cannot be reset). If you sign in as a registered user, we may use your user ID in combination with Google Universal Analytics and Google Analytics to track and analyze the pages you visit. Website users who don't want their data collected with Google Analytics can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. To opt-out of Analytics for the web, visit the following Google Analytics opt-out page and install the add-on for your browser: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
National Beef is also a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Codes of Conduct. You may use the NAI opt out tool here, which will allow you to opt out of seeing personalized ads from us and from other NAI approved member companies.
We also comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You may opt out of receiving personalized ads from other companies that perform ad targeting services, including some that we may work with as Advertising Partners via the DAA website here.
With whom does National Beef share my information?
We will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your permission, or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or under the circumstances described below. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed.
Third parties with whom National Beef may share personally identifiable information: National Beef may provide your personally identifiable information to its affiliates, and its trusted business partners or persons for the sole purpose of processing that information on behalf of National Beef. When this is done, it is subject to commitments on the part of those parties to process such information only in accordance with National Beef's instructions, and to maintain appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
Data in the Aggregate:
We may disclose “blinded” aggregated data and user statistics to prospective partners and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. Blinded data is data that does not identify an individual person, entity or transaction.
Other:
We also may disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating National Beef Terms of Use, or may otherwise be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) National Beef rights or property, other National Beef web site users or customers, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services
We occasionally hire other companies to provide services on our behalf, including providing web hosting services, , sending postal mail,
and processing data. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy or sell businesses or assets. In such transactions, confidential customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the event of a transaction involving the sale of some or all of National Beef businesses, customer and site visitor information may be one of the transferred assets.
What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of my information?
Your personal and account information are password-protected so you have access to this personal information. Remember to sign out of your National Beef account and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account by using your computer when you are away from it. Because of the global nature of the Internet, when you give us information, that information may be sent electronically to servers outside the country where you originally entered the information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Except as discussed above or otherwise designated, our sites do not use security encryption measures. Therefore, information that you disclose by use of our sites (as with any site that is non-secure), by posting a message or using email, potentially could be collected and used by others. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties or use of such information by third parties for their own purposes, legal or illegal. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, National Beef cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
What else should I know about my privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose information online, that information is accessible to other customers and users. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
When you or we end your customer relationship with us, we will treat the information we have about you as if you were still our customer.