http://www.hometask.com/privacy
HOME   SERVICES   SCHEDULE SERVICES   FAQ   ABOUT US   FRANCHISE INFO   CONTACT US
HomeTask.com PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated: July 27, 2011
HomeTask.com understands that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting HomeTask.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy notice.
The purpose of this privacy policy is:
To assure You that we recognize and fully respect the privacy and personal data of the visitors to this Website, and;
To explain what personal information we collect from this Website,how we share it and how we ensure its' best protection.
By your access to and use of this Website You agree to our processing, storing and using your information in accordance with the principles set out in this Privacy Policy.
What Personal Information About Customers Does HomeTask.com Gather?
We will limit the collection and use of your information to a minimum. We will only collect such information as is required to keep You informed about the services offered by our Service Partners. The information You provide may also be used for analytical and statistical purposes.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing your content and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: HomeTask.com does not gather any information from you automatically.
HomeTask.com does not use cookies.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often use graphics in our e-mail communication with you.
We do not however track how you handle these e-mails.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser.
HomeTask.com does not use cookies.
Use and Sharing of Your Information
We do not sell, share or transfer any of your information to any external organization unless we have previously informed You that this will happen through disclosures or agreement, and we have your authority to do so. We may disclose your information to our Associate Service Providers or Preferred Service Providers for the provision of services to You. We do not share customer information outside the HomeTask.com service network.
We will always maintain control over the confidentiality of your information. If You have consented or have provided us with your email address, we may periodically send You details of products and services which we offer. You may opt out of receiving these at any time by ticking the 'opt out' box provided in the promotional email message.
How We Keep Your Information Secure?
We will take all reasonable steps to safeguard the security and confidentiality of any information You provide to Us. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of any information You disclose online. You accept the inherent security implications of providing information over the internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security or disclosure of information unless we have been negligent. Any password and user name must be kept secret and must not be disclosed to anyone, unless we have given You our prior written permission.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
How You may change your information we hold about You?
If You would like to change the registration information we hold about You from our registration database, You may do so by sending a mail to: info@hometask.com.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit HomeTask.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at HomeTask.com, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change as well. We encourage you to visit our web periodically and review recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Copyright 2004-2020 HomeTask.com. All rights reserved.
HomeTask franchises are independently owned and operated.
HomeTask is part of the HomeTask Network.