https://www.acoalcrackerinthekitchen.com/privacy-policy/
Who we are
My website address is: http://www.acoalcrackerinthekitchen.com. My name is Lori Fogg.
What personal data I collect and why I collect it
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.acoalcrackerinthekitchen.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing I am the sole owner of the information collected on this site. I only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give via email or other direct contact from you. I do not sell or rent this information to anyone.
On-line Shopping
I use WooCommerce as the shopping cart system on this site, a trusted system used by thousands of sites world-wide. Payments through my on-line store are processed directly through Paypal on the Paypal system of secure servers. When you use Paypal to purchase through my shop, I (the merchant) never see or have access to your credit card number, expiration date, etc.: this information remains with Paypal adding an additional layer of security to your on-line shopping experience.
Payment via PayPal is processed by PayPal, 2211 North First Street San Jose, California 95131 (“PayPal”). For information about data protection at PayPal, please refer to PayPal’s privacy policy: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full.
Your address for shipping is collected and stored in order to ensure your order is filled successfully. You will be required to set up an account with our store in order to complete a purchase. You will be able to make changes to your personal information, including email and password, by logging into your account at any time.
The legal bases for the processing of personal data as part of order processing are to perform under a contract and our legitimate interests. Due to commercial and tax regulations, we are obliged to store your order, address and payment data for a period of ten years.
Who we share your data with
I will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted me. I will not share your information with any third party outside of my organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request or to process your order through my shop..
Unless you ask me not to, I may contact you via email in the future to tell you about news,
products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from me at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting me via the contact form on this website:
See what data I have about you, if any.Change/correct any data I have about you.Have us delete any data I have about you.Express any concern you have about my use of your data.
If you feel that I am not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact me immediately via the
CONTACT FORM.
Comments (Note: Comments are currently disabled on pages and posts on this site)
When visitors leave comments on the site I collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on this site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you visit my login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on this website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Surveys and Contests
From time-to-time this site may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Share this:Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)Click to print (Opens in new window)Advertisement
Subscribe to My Newsletter!
Please leave this field emptyFirst name
Email *
We keep your data private and share your data only with third parties that make this service possible. Read our Privacy Policy.
Check your inbox or spam folder for an email which you must respond to in order to confirm your subscription.
Please make sure to add this address to your contacts list in order to keep receiving the emails from me that you signed up for!
Most Popular
Liver and Onions with Gravy72495 views
Homemade Halusky With Cabbage and Onion37819 views
Clear Toy Candy37642 views
Pennsylvania Dutch Ham and String Beans34533 views
Pennsylvania Dutch Potato Filling30089 views
Lazy Man’s Pierogi (Polish Noodles)29601 views
Advertisement
Translate This Page