https://www.ashdowncontrolsgroup.com/privacy-policy/
London
T: +44 (0) 1737 305670
Belfast
T: +44 (0) 28 90 003801
Dublin
T: +353 (0) 1 899 1812
Home
Service
Energy Management
Projects
Facade Control
Careers
Locations
Authorised system integrator and service provider for:
Privacy Policy
About Us
Ashdown Controls Group has it registered office at Bracetown Business Park, Suite 101, Clougher Plaza, Dublin 15.
What Are Cookies
Cookies are small text files of letters and numbers that are put on your computer if you ‘Accept Cookies’. These cookies allow us to distinguish you from other website users and recognise you during your next visit. It allows us to provide you with a better browsing experience and can provide analytical information that helps us to improve our site. It can be accessed either by the web server or the client computer and provides anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
To protect your privacy we do not use cookies to record any personal information.
Google Analytics Cookies used on this site
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
_ga
12 months from last visit
Used to distinguish visitors to site
_gat
10 minutes
Used to throttle request rate
_utmt
10 minutes
Used to throttle request rate
_ _utma
12 months from last visit
Used to distinguish visitors and pages visited. Records a unique ID, the date and time of first visit, time of current visit nd total number of visits made
_ _utmb
30 minutes from last visit
Used to determine new sessions or visits. Stores the number of page views in current visit and start time of visit
_ _ utmc
Session cookie
Used to note that the visit has ended when browser is closed
_ _utmz
6 months
Records the site you may have linked to our page from. Only records data if you clicked on a link to our site from a different website
Specific Cookies
The following cookies are used specifically on this site
Cookie Name
Expiration Time
Description
DataProtectionCookie
1 Month
Records if you have clicked in the Cookie Notifaction and therefore does not display notification for 1month.
Some web browsers may automatically accept cookies, you can alter your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. Please refer to your browser’s help notes for instructions.
Please Note: If you decide to decline or block cookies, it may have a negative impact on your ability to use our website.
Privacy Policy and Website Usage
Ashdown Controls Group respects the individuals right to privacy and does not collect any personal information without your permission. Any personal information provided to us will be treated strictly in accordance with the relevant Data Protection Acts. We do not sell or market data to any third party.
Our website may contain links to other websites. Once you exit our site, you should take note that we do not have any control over that website or any information it may collect. Therefore, we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting those sites. You should refer to the privacy policy applicable to every website you visit.
Whilst visiting our Website you may have an opportunity to send us information through a ‘contact’ or ‘registration page’ or other areas where you may send e-mails, provide feedback, etc. By choosing to participate in these, you will be providing us with some personal information relating to you. This information will strictly be used by this site for the purposes for which it was provided by you ie: for verification, marketing and administration purposes only.
Latest
Project and Service Engineers Required
October 2, 2019
Receptionist/Office Administrator
September 17, 2019
Marketing Manager Required
September 6, 2019
BMS Estimating Engineer
August 17, 2018
BMS Service Engineer
August 17, 2018
Ashdown Controls Newsletters
Belfast Office Relocation
Managing Directors Review 2013
Ashdown Controls New Website Launch
Continued Growth
Continued Success
Mater Adult Hospital
Titanic Signature Building
Winter Newsletter 2016
Summer Newsletter 2016
Spring Newsletter 2017
October Newsletter 2017
Communication Protocols
prevnext
Dublin Office:
Call: +353 (0) 1 899 1812
Home
Service
Energy Management
Belfast Office: Call: +44 (0) 28 90 003801
Projects
Facade Control
Locations
London Office: Call: +44 (0) 1737 305670
News
Policies
Job Opportunities
Privacy Policy
© 2014 Ashdown Controls. All Rights Reserved. Website design by hensmandesign
This website uses Cookies. By using our site you agree to our privacy policy.OkRead more