http://www.wardrobesupplies.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, or send us an email.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our website.
What information do we collect?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, surf the website or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail promotions, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mails from us, you may Opt-out or unsubscribe from Manhattan Wardrobe Supply announcements at any time by following the “Unsubscribe” instructions found in each email. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mails, you will not receive these e-mails.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.