http://www.omnex.com/resources/privacy/privacy.aspx
REQUEST INFO
|
CONSULTING QUOTE|
TRAINING REGISTRATION|
ONSITE TRAINING QUOTE|
SITE MAP
|
Worldwide locations
driving worldwide business excellence
HOME
ABOUT US
Profile
Contact Us
Headquarters
Employment
Instructor Info
Latest In Omnex
Staff
Client List
CONSULTING
Lean/Six Sigma
Integrated Management Systems
Food Safety Management
Aerospace,
Defense & Space
Automotive
Social Responsibility / Sustainability
Healthcare
Functional Safety Management
Medical Devices
Semiconductor/Hi-Tech
Management Systems
QOS/BOS
Quality Management Systems
Environmental Management Systems
Operational Assessment
& Improvement
OH&S Management Systems
Customer Specific Requirements
Quality Outsourcing
Outsourcing Internal Audits
Outsourcing Supplier Audits
Outsourcing
PPAP
Operational Assessment & Improvement
New Product Launch (APQP)
Supply Chain Management
Supplier
Development
Crisis Response
Cultural
Dynamics
Global Sourcing Services
Product Realization (PPAP)
Supplier Assessment
Supply Chain Management
Request Consulting
Quote
TRAINING & WORKSHOPS
Training Offerings by Industry
Aerospace and Defense
Automotive
Energy Management
Environmental Management
Information Security Management
Integrated Management Systems(IMS)
Food Safety Management
Functional Safety Management
Medical Devices
Occ. Health & Safety (ISO 45001)
Quality/Business Management
Semiconductor/Hi-Tech
Social Responsibility / Sustainability
Testing and Calibration Labs
Soft Skills Training
Team Building and Facilitation
Mentoring for Leaders and Proteges at All Levels
Social Media in Business
Presentation Skills
Negotiation Skills
Conflict Resolution
Developing New Managers
Anti-Bribery Management System
Books and Webinars
Training Schedule
Webinar Schedule
Register For Training
R&D Series
Onsite Training Quote
SOFTWARE
EwQIMS
APQP/PPAP Manager
Product Realization (AQuA Pro)
Audit Management (Audit Pro)
Continual Improvement (BOSS)
Document Management (Document Pro)
Performance Objectives & Training (HR Pro)
Measurement System Analysis (MSA Pro)
Problem Solver
Equipment Maintenance (TPM Pro)
LEAN/SIX SIGMA
Breakaway
Lean
Breakaway Lean Consulting
Breakaway Lean Tools Overview
Breakaway Lean Overview
for Executives and Champions
Breakaway Lean Workshop Menu
Breakaway Lean Understanding Workplace Organization (5S)
Breakaway Lean Value Stream Mapping
Breakaway Lean Quick Changeovers (SMED)
Breakaway Lean Supermarket Pull
Scheduling
Breakaway Lean Mistake Proofing (Poka-Yoke)
Breakaway Lean Project Team Leadership
Breakaway Lean Total Productive Maintenance
Excelerated Six Sigma
Excelerated Six Sigma Consulting
Excelerated Six Sigma Software
Excelerated Six Sigma Executive Overview
Excelerated Six Sigma Champion Training
Excelerated Six Sigma Greenbelt Training
Excelerated Six Sigma Blackbelt Training
Excelerated Six Sigma Yellow Belt Workshop
Customized Excelerated Six Sigma Training & Consulting
Unified Lean/Six Sigma
Unified Lean/Six Sigma Consulting
Unified Lean/Six Sigma Executive Workshop
Unified Lean/Six Sigma Champion Workshop
Unified Lean/Six Sigma Blackbelt Workshop
Zero Defects through Poka Yoke
Customized Unified Lean/Six Sigma Training & Consulting
Tips, Trends & Topics - Lean/Six Sigma
E-LEARNING
RESOURCE CENTER
Articles
Case Studies
Newsletters
Omnex Info
Presentations
Quality
Reference Links Library
Standards
& Methods
Webinars
Whitepapers
CAREERS
CONTACT US
About Us
Profile
Contact Us
Headquarters
Locations
Employment
Instructor Info
Latest in Omnex
Staff
Client List
Privacy Policy
Our Greatest Asset
The following statement will help you understand how Omnex or Omnex Systems collects, uses, and safeguards the personally identifying information you give us when you use this website to order products, register for an Omnex or Omnex Systems conference, inquire about job openings, or otherwise communicate with us
We define "personally identifying information" as information - such as name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address - that can help to locate or identify individuals. "Personally identifying information" also includes credit card information. Protecting the privacy of personally identifying information is important to us.
Visitors to Omnex.com or OmnexSystems.com are subject to important limitations. Please review our Terms of Use which govern your visit to this site on the World Wide Web.
Information We Collect
When you browse this website, you browse anonymously, unless you purchase a product, register for a service, submit a question or comment or send us employment information or e-mail. We do not collect or store any personal information - such as your name, address, phone number, or e-mail address - unless you knowingly and willingly provide it.
When you place an on-line order for products or register for training, we collect only information - such as name, company affiliation, mailing address, title, primary job function, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and credit card issuer, account number, and expiration date - necessary to fulfill the transaction you requested.
You may sign on to our Resource Center. In doing so, you must provide contact information for yourself. This information may be used to provide you with information about Omnex or Omnex Systems offerings and services. It will also provide you with regularly updated information that may be of interest to you. You may unsubscribe from the Resource Center services by editing your preferences.
You may request information, make a suggestion, or ask us a question. We ask you to provide certain information - your name, title, company, type of business, address, telephone and fax numbers, and e-mail address - so that we can respond to your request.
We may use the personal information you provide for info requests, product purchases and registrations to contact you about your registration, to provide announcements about products and future conferences, to conduct surveys of our customers, to respond to your inquiries and suggestions, and to contact you for other reasons related to offering and improving our services. We may use and share all of this information, subject to applicable law, with our subsidiaries and affiliates and with other reputable companies that wish to offer products and services in which our customers may be interested.
We may display employment opportunities on this site. If you choose to submit your resume or other information through our website, we use that information only in considering your application for employment. We will share the information only with employees involved in making hiring decisions. We may also submit the information to our subsidiaries and affiliates for their use in considering your application for employment. Omnex or Omnex Systems keeps employment application information strictly confidential, and does not sell, rent, share, or otherwise disclose any personally identifiable employment application information that you directly provide, except as required by law.
We do not permit other persons, companies or entities to collect personal information through our website.
Choice
We offer you choices as to how we will use the personally identifying information that you submit through this website. Your choices encompass both our secondary internal uses (such as providing you with information regarding products and services similar to those you ordered) and our secondary external uses (such as disclosing information to nonaffiliated third parties). You may advise us of your preference by e-mail. We will follow your instructions only with respect to information on file. If you submit information subsequently, you must advise us with respect to that information
Please be aware that we may be unable to delete your historical information and the information of former customers from our records.
Access
Upon request, we will give you access to your personal information that you submit through this website. We permit you to review the personal information you submit to us, and to correct inaccurate information. You may submit your request by preference by e-mail. If you are part of our Resource Center, you may view information you have provided by logging in and viewing your preferences.
Children
Only adults may use this site. We do not knowingly use this website to solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.
Cookies
Our Web server may write a "cookie," a small computer file, to your hard drive. We may use cookies to enhance your on-line experience, to facilitate your use of our site, and to collect statistics about your visit to the site. The cookies used by this site do not contain personally identifying information, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or credit card information.
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when you receive such files. Please refer to your own browser's instructions for information on those functions. If you do elect to disable the cookies from this site, please note that you may not be able to use some features. You can order any product by telephone by calling Omnex or Omnex Systems at 1-734-761-4940.
Security
The security of customer information is very important to us, and we take a number of steps to safeguard it. After receiving your personally identifying information, we maintain reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect it from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, loss, or destruction. We limit access to those employees who assist us in providing the services you order. We also require that third parties to which we disclose personally identifying information adhere to this policy and establish information security procedures.
Data Retention
We will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
We also retain data so that you can come back at any time in the future and re-activate your account and regain access to the data in your account. So, unless you actively delete this information, we keep it, so we can better serve you.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data.
Partner Agencies
Omnex has established partnerships with the following reputed companies as part of our business process. We have listed the name of such companies and their business relation with Omnex below.
Agency Name
Website
Relationship
Vtiger Systems
www.vtiger.com
Customer Relationship Management
Docebo
www.docebo.com
E-Learning Course Delivery
Caspar Technologies Pvt ltd
iCubespro.com
Email Marketing Service
Purechat
www.purechat.com
Live Chat Service
Hubspot Inc
www.hubspot.com
Customer Relationship Management
Umbraco
www.umbraco.com
Website Content Management Systems
Linked Internet Sites
We may establish relationships with reputable business partners by creating a link between our sites. Although we choose our sites carefully, we are not responsible for the content, maintenance, or privacy policies of those sites. Once you click over to a third-party site, we encourage you to check that site's privacy policy.
Omnex or Omnex Systems Respects Your Privacy Concerns
Omnex or Omnex Systems’ privacy and security policies demonstrate our responsibility to the individuals from and about whom we receive and report information, and to our customers, who rely on us to safeguard the information they report. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy and security policies, please contact us by e-mail
Quick Contact
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
© 2020 Omnex Inc, USA. All rights reserved
Questions or comments regarding this website:webmaster@omnex.com
Powered By Omnex Communications