http://www.fbfitalia.it/website/privacy.aspx
Toggle navigation
Contacts
Home
Company
Company
Service and Quality
FBF Italia in the world
How to reach us
Products
Homogenizers
Go to the Page
Laboratory homogenizers
Go to the Page
Positive displacement pumps
Go to the Page
Ice cream production homogenizer
Go to the Page
Go to the Page
See the full range or FBF solutions
Products
Services
Request for quote: Homogenizers
Request for quote: Laboratory homogenizers
Request for quote: Positive displacement pumps
Assistance request
Spare parts request
HomogenizingHomogenization
Applications
NewsNews and Fairs
Achievement of 3A Certification
GULFOOD MANUFACTURING
ANDINA PACK
We have been present at...
Flow rate from 16 to 16,000 gallons per hour
Vibrazioni e rumorosità contenuti
Pressioni da 100 a 1500 bars
Elevata efficienza operativa
Una gamma di soluzioni ampia quanto le esigenze dei clienti
Installazione semplice e integrazione in linea
>> Show all
Jobs
Home
Privacy
Handling of personal data
In this page there are described the website modalities according to the treatment of the costumers personal information, who consult it. It's an informative according the art.  13 of D.Lgs. n. 196/2003 - Code refferring to the protection of the personal information.The informative is refered only to the  "FBF Italia" and not for other website, eventually consulted by customer through links.
The treatment holder
The consultation of this website generates the treatment of people information, who can be identified  or identifiable. The "holder" of their treatment is the "FBF Italia"  and the registered office is located in Sala Baganza (Parma – Italy).
Place of the data treatment
The treatments connected to this website service  have place in this registered office and are managed by technical staff of the office which is in charge of the treatment, or by  occasional people in charge of occasional maintenance operations.  The personal data given by customers who ask the  send of informative material through the compilation of the form, are used only to execute the request service  and are communicated to other people only if this process has been necessary.
Kind of data treated
The informatic systems and the software processing aimed to the functioning  of this website, take, during the normal process, some personal information whose  transmission is implicit in the use of the protocols of Internet communication. These are information that is not collected  to be associated to the interested subjects, but because of the same nature, could, through elaborations and associations with data  obtained  from other people, allow to identify the customers. In this category of data there are the IP addresses or the url names of the computers used by customers who enter the website, the addresses  URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) of the request resources, the timetable of the request, the method used in subjecting the request to the server, the dimension of the file obtained as the answer, the numerical code indicating the state of the answer given from the server (good connection, error, etc.)  and other relative parameters to the operating system and to the customer informatic context.  This data are used only to obtain anonymous statistics information  about the website use and to control the correct operation and they are immediately cancelled after the elaboration. The data could be used for the verification of responsibility in case of hypothetical informatic crimes to the detriment of the website:  except this case, the data about the web contacts are cancelled after 7 days.
Data voluntarily given by the customer
the  optional explicit send through mail server to the addresses indicated in this website involves the successive acquisition of the sender address, necessary to answer to the demands and to other personal data contained in the missive.
Optional data send
Apart from  what specified about the navigation data, the customer is free to give its written personal information  in the application forms to "FBF Italia" or however  indicated  in contacts with the Office in order to speed up the send of informative material or other communications. Their missed  send can involve the impossibility to obtain what demanded.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is copied on the hard disk by a server of web pages and constitutes the identity card of the customer.  It is not possible to execute it as code and it cannot contain virus.  This file is an exclusive property of the customer and can be read only from the server that has sended it. The target of a cookie is to inform the server that the web page has been visited one more time. In order to make possible the activation of specific functions in the section contacts, the website will use in some cases c.d. the cookie.
The use of cookie permits to give the customer personalized contents and it facilitates the visit of the website.  The customer will be able, if he would like, to be informed about the use or to prevent the use of those instruments through the changing the relative options to its browser.
Treatments Modalities
The subjects to whom the personal information refers have the right to obtain wherever they want, the confirm of the existence of those information ant to know the content and the origin, to verify if the info are correct, to ask to modify or to update  or to cancel them  (art. 7 of the D.Lgs. n.  196/2003).
According to the same article you have the right  to ask the cancellation, the transformation in anonymous shape or the block of the data treated according a wrong way, and to oppose in every case, for legitimate reasons, their treatment. The demands have to be adressed to "FBF Italia", holder of the data treatment.
FBF ITALIA SrlVia Are, 2 - 43038 - Sala Baganza (PR) - Italy
Tel +39 0521 548211 - Fax +39 0521 835179 email: info@fbfitalia.it - P.IVA 01588160349
Company
Machine range
FBF Italia in the world
News & Fairs
Contacts
Privacy issues
Legal notes
Cookie policy
Site map
Site index
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.