https://www.tierranegra.co.uk/privacy-and-security/
We are currently dispatching orders as before but closely following government advice. As access by telephone will be limited, please contact us here.
PLEASE STAY SAFE
My account
Checkout
Basket
Contact
Privacy and security
Privacy Policy
In compliance with the 2018 General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), we have updated our Privacy Policy as follows:
We do not store or otherwise have access to your credit card details; all payment processing is handled offsite by our payment processor, Sagepay. You can access Sagepay’s security policy here:
https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies/security-policy
The personal information that you provide to us at checkout remains indefinitely in our database as a record of your transaction. That information will include your name, billing address, delivery address, contact number if provided, together with the date and details of your purchase.
We do not use your personal information in any way other than for the purpose of processing your transaction. You may, for example, receive mail confirming that your purchase has been successful or that your goods have been dispatched but we do not use your personal information for any marketing or data-collection purposes. We do not pass on, share, sell or otherwise make available your personal details to any third party.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies in order to process your purchase. When, for example, you add an item to your “basket”, it is a cookie that stores the details of the item that you added.
We do not use tracking or third party cookies other than Google Analytics cookies which collect anonymized data about website usage. More information on Google Analytics cookies can be accessed here:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
Security policy
We realize how important it is to securely store any information that you provide. Scot Columbus outsources card transactions through Sage Pay to maintain the highest levels of security. You can therefore rest assured that we take the privacy and security of your payment and personal details very seriously.
Transaction security
All transaction information passed between Scot Columbus and Sage Pay’s systems is encrypted using 128-bit SSL certificates. No cardholder information is ever passed unencrypted and any messages sent to our servers from Sage Pay are signed using MD5 hashing to prevent tampering. You can be completely assured that nothing you pass to Sage Pay’s servers can be examined, used or modified by any third parties attempting to gain access to sensitive information.
System security
Sage Pay’s systems are scanned quarterly by Trustwave which are an independent Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) and an Approved Scanning Vendor (ASV) for the payment card brands.
Sage pay is also audited annually under the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI DSS) and is a fully approved Level 1 payment services provider, which is the highest level of compliance. Sage Pay are also active members of the PCI Security Standards Council (SSC) that defines card industry global regulation.
Links to banks
Sage Pay has multiple private links into the banking network that are completely separate from the Internet and which do not cross any publicly accessible networks. Any cardholder information sent to the banks and any authorization message coming back is secure and cannot be tampered with.
More information about shopping securely with Sage Pay can be found at www.sagepay.com/shoppers
Comments are closed.
BasketProduct CategoriesUncategorised
Casseroles & Tagines
Sauté & Roasting
Bowls & Plates
More
Replacement Lids
Cups, Jugs & Urns
Ladles, Spoons & Trivets
Andean Gifts
Copyright © 2009 - 2018 Scot Columbus
Site by Masonhost Web Design
Powered by Nirvana &
WordPress.