http://www.flexo.com/privacy-policy
View Shopping Cart
Search input field.
1 (860) 388 4333
Used Equipment
Accessories
PrePress
Digital Presses
Presses
Mark Andy
Nilpeter
Comco
Aquaflex
Webtron
Allied
Propheteer
Finishing
Slitter Rewinder
Turret Rewinder
Butt Splicer
Digital Finishing
Die Cutter
Fan Folder
Hot Stamp
Rotary Letterpress
See All Categories
New Equipment
List Equipment
Services
Financing
Blog
Contact
English
Arabic Chinese (Simplified) Dutch English French German Italian Portuguese Russian Spanish
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Sidebar Menu Blog
Cart
Checkout
My Account
Send Quote
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the FlexoExport website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at www.flexo.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We value your trust in providing us your personal information. For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services. We advise you to review this page periodically for any changes.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Google Analytics
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
Sign up to receive our recent equipment listings & specials
Copyright © 2020 Flexo Export |
Sitemap
Designed by Eri Design
We use cookies on our website to offer a better browsing experience, analyze web traffic and personalize content. By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy. AcceptReject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Click to return to top of the page.