http://www.paramountsecuritygroup.com/privacy-notice/
Give us a call on 01889 579834 or to send an email click here
Call Us
Paramount Security Group
Home
Products
Our Solutions
Remote Monitoring
Maintenance
Bespoke Software Development
Installation
Support Desk
About Us
Case Studies
Clients
Recruitment
Market Sectors
Corporate
Public Sector
Critical National Infrastructure
Military
Construction
Contact
Homepage>
Privacy Notice
GDPR PRIVACY NOTICE
This is the Kelcamp Steel Fencing Ltd /ta Paramount Security Group Privacy Notice regarding General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR with effect of 25th May 2018)
Paramount Security Group will be the controller of personal data that you provide to us. The personal data that we collect includes:
·      Company Name
·        Business Address
·        Remittance Address
·        Registration Numbers – Company/ VAT
·        Contact Details – Telephone Numbers/ Email Addresses
·        Bank Details for Payments.
WHY WE NEED YOUR DATA?
Paramount Security Group need to know your personal data to be able to provide you with the services that we already offer you, including updates in our business, account information and analysis. We will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need to provide our services to you.
WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR DATA?
All the personal data that we collect is processed by our staff and is stored on our in-house servers. We will share your personal information with third parties where required by law. In addition to this we will share your personal details for obtaining a credit report for the purposes of setting up a credit facility.
HOW LONG WILL WE KEEP YOUR DATA?
We are required by law to keep your basic personal data i.e. name, address and contact details for a minimum of six years. If you should no longer wish for us to retain your data, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at www.paramountsecuritygroup.com/contact
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
If you believe at any point that the information we hold on you is incorrect you can request to see this information, and have it amended or deleted. If you have a complaint about how your personal data has been handled, you can contact us to have the matter investigated at www.paramountsecuritygroup.com/contact
If you are not satisfied with how we handle your complaint, or you believe that we are not acting in accordance with the law, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk).
SUBJECT ACCESS REQUEST
All Subject Access Requests should be made in writing and sent to:
service@paramountsg.co.uk or Paramount Security Group, Service Area 7, Albion Street, Rugeley, Staffordshire, WS15 2BY.
There is not normally any charge for a Subject Access Request. If your request is “manifestly unfounded or excessive” (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your Subject Access Request within 21 days and, in any case, not more than one month from receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of 3 months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
BY BROWSING THIS WEB SITE AND COMMUNICATING ELECTRONICALLY WITH US YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA IN THIS WAY.
Get Your Online Quote
Automatic Gate Online Quotation
Online Fencing Quotation
Download Brochures
Electronic Services Brochure
Security Fencing Brochure
Live Chat
Speak to our advisors who will be happy to answer any questions.
Get Your Online Quote
Automatic Gate Online Quotation
Online Fencing Quotation
Download Brochures
Electronic Services Brochure
Security Fencing Brochure
Live Chat
Speak to our advisors who will be happy to answer any questions.
Paramount Security Group
Copyright Paramount Security Group. All rights reserved - Terms and Conditions | Privacy Notice |