https://www.danryanbuilders.com/careers-privacy-policy/
Careers Privacy Policy
DRB Group’s Career Opportunities Privacy Policy
Revised: August 9, 2020
Scope
This policy (“Privacy Policy”) sets forth the agreement between you and DRB Enterprises, LLC, doing business as DRB Group, and any affiliate thereof (collectively, “DRB” or “we” or “us”) regarding the transmission, collection, use, and retention of all information you submit to us when you apply for a position at DRB.
DRB’s online job-application process may be facilitated, in whole or in part, by third-party entities whose rights and obligations regarding your information are not governed by this Privacy Policy and are instead governed by separate policies entered into between you and them.  You acknowledge that, to the extent applicable, you have read such parties’ privacy policies and that you agree to be bound by those policies’ terms and conditions.
Collection and Use of Information
When you apply for a position at DRB, either by direct application, including through our website, or through a third party, we may collect the information you provide in connection with such application.  This information includes, but is not limited to, work history, educational and other academic credentials, professional and personal references, school transcripts, writing samples, qualification details, professional licenses, work permits to work in the jurisdiction(s) to which you apply, and other individualized information (collectively, “Personal Information”).
If you are under consideration for a position with our company, we will use Personal Information about you in connection with contacting you, processing your application for the position, and, as applicable, extending an offer to you or hiring you.  We may disclose your information when required by law, legal process, or in the exercise or defense of legal claims.  Where the information provided pertains to your ethnic background or your state of health, we may be required to use that information to comply with applicable employment law.
Protection of Information
DRB makes no representation or warranty about the security of any information you provide, and we cannot guarantee the protection of your information from accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized access, loss, theft, disclosure, or use.  By proceeding with your application, you acknowledge and agree that you assume any and all risks that may arise from your transmission of information through DRB’s web-based job-application system.
This system does not support “Do Not Track” mechanisms.  “Do Not Track” is a privacy preference available in some web browsers that allows you to limit certain information that is collected about your website visits.
Children’s Privacy
DRB does not consider applications from anyone under the age of 16, and therefore does not knowingly collect or solicit information from any such persons.  If you are under 16, please do not use this site.  Any information collected from a child under the age of 16 will be deleted as quickly as possible following actual knowledge of such collection.
Because we do not hire persons under the age of 16, it follows that this job-application system is not designed to attract children under the age of 16.  Accordingly, and in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we do not intentionally or knowingly collect Personal Information hereon from anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.  When changes are made to this Privacy Policy, the effective date listed herein will be updated to reflect the date that such changes were made.  We encourage you to periodically review  this Privacy Policy, the latest copy of which is accessible via a hyperlink available on the home page of danryanbuilders.com, in order to stay up to date on the terms that govern your use of our web-based job-application system.  Your continued use of our system after we publish changes to this Privacy Policy means you are consenting to the updated terms as of their effective date.
Copyright © 2020 Dan Ryan Builders. All Rights Reserved.  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy | Warranty Info | Career Privacy Policy
Dan Ryan Builders reserves the right to make changes to speculative homes under construction. Some images subject to photo likeness and may contain optional structural features and optional interior features and finishes. Colors, exterior finishes and square footage may vary from pictures and plans. Not all elevations or options shown are available in all communities. Prices are subject to change without notice. Sales in West Virginia by Dan Ryan Builders Realty, LLC. 12 Flight O’Arrows Way Martinsburg, WV 25403 Broker: Brittany Newman 301-272-4780.