https://www.idex-hs.com/about-us/legal-notices/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout UsLegal NoticesPrivacy Policy
General Conditions for Use of this Site
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Purchase Order Terms & Conditions of Sale
Chemical Compatibility Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Customer Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement was last revised on July 05, 2018.
IDEX Health & Science, LLC and its subsidiaries (also referred to in this document as “IDEX Health & Science, LLC”, “IDEX H&S”, “we”, “our”, and “us”) are committed to protecting and maintaining your privacy. IDEX Health & Science, LLC is established in the United States, with our registered office at 600 Park Court, Rohnert Park, CA 94928, United States and for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), we are the data controller for all information processed in relation to the IDEX Health and Science Website (www.idex-hs.com). The subsidiary you contract with will be the data controller of information provided for the purposes of marketing and providing any IDEX H&S services. This privacy statement is designed to make you aware of our privacy practices, of the types of information that we collect from you, and how that information will be used both when you use our website and client portal at www.idex-hs.com (the “Website”) or interact with us offline in relation to providing or receiving goods and/or services.
If you wish to contact IDEX H&S regarding your personal information or this Privacy Statement, please contact our Data Protection Officer at IHSdata-protection-officer@idexcorp.com.
This Privacy Statement covers the collection, treatment, and use of any personal information gathered by IDEX H&S from customers, suppliers, vendors, and other entities that IDEX H&S does business with.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to the practices of third parties that we do not own or control, including but not limited to any third-party websites, services, and applications that you elect to access through our Website.
If you do not agree with this Privacy Statement in general or any part of it, you should not access the Website. Please take a moment to review our policies and practices described below.
Throughout this Privacy Statement, “personal information” refers to any information that identifies you (either alone or together with other information), such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT1.1 Customers and VendorsDuring the course of your relationship with us, we collect personal information such as your name, postal address, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, contact and billing information, transaction history (including order, and lead history) and credit card or other financial information.
Through your in-person communications and/or online interactions with IDEX H&S, we will ask you to provide information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences. We will combine the information you provide to us through different communications and contact channels, such as combining data collected online with information provided offline. In addition, personal information will be required to determine access eligibility for certain restricted parts of our Website.1.2 All visitors to IDEX H&S websitesWhile you are visiting our Website, we may collect some technical data related to your browsing session such as IP address, browser type and language, number of visits to our Website and the hyperlinks you visited.
We use such technical data in aggregate form, save as indicated in the paragraph below, without identifying you personally for IDEX H&S’s own reporting, statistics and website enhancements, as well as for information security purposes.
Login or other tracking information that may identify you through website navigation will be stored for short time periods for technical security, website improvements, customer relationship purposes and so far as you continue interacting with IDEX H&S.
2. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONIDEX H&S will use the personal information that we collect from you for the general purposes set out below. As it is in our legitimate interests to be responsive to you, to ensure the proper functioning of our products and organization and to provide you with a better service, we will use your personal information as follows.
We will use your contact and sign-in information such as your name, postal address, telephone number, fax number and e-mail address for the following purposes:
To communicate with you if you submit a query or request a quote.
To determine access eligibility for certain restricted parts of our Website.
To sign you up if you subscribe to receive our newsletter or content or if you sign up for our webinars.
To provide the services to you, including providing quotes, proposals, demonstrations and generating contracts.
To provide customer services to you, including
processing and investigating complaints.
To conduct research and development, provide quality assurance and product validation.
To perform services and support on our products.
To improve our services and products.
To provide marketing communications to you with your consent, improve our brand management and conduct market research.
We will use your usage information, such as your IP address, browser type, number of visits to our Website and the hyperlinks for the following purposes:
To respond to technical problems;
To personalize our Website and communications;
To ensure content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device;
To monitor and analyze trends, usage and activity in connection with our Website and to improve our Website;
To administer the Website and for internal operations, in order to conduct troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey analysis;
To keep the Website safe and secure; and
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the content that we serve to you and others.
As part of the legal and regulatory obligations that we are subject to, we may also use your contact, usage and payment information to comply with such obligations and to comply with governmental and regulatory decisions.
We will use your personal information to better understand your needs and to provide you with a better service, including by responding to your correspondence, and providing updates on services and benefits.
Whenever we collect credit card numbers or other financial data, the data is only used for payment processing and the data is not retained for any other purpose.
From time to time in accordance with applicable law, we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. To unsubscribe from promotional emails, please click here or see Section 3 (Marketing Communications) below for more information.
3. MARKETING COMMUNICATIONSTo the extent permitted by applicable laws (including only with your consent where required by applicable laws), we will send you periodic marketing messages from IDEX H&S, including newsletters, promotions, and special offers. We will use your name, postal address, telephone number, fax number, social media profile, and email address to send these messages to you. You are able to opt out of receiving such messages without any negative effect to your relationship with IDEX H&S by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each marketing email. However, please note that opting out will prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or special offers. If you opt out of such marketing messages, we will continue to send you non-marketing emails, e.g. emails about our business dealings with you. We also reserve the right to contact you when we believe it necessary, including where required by law.
We will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you wish to opt out at any time of other contacts from IDEX H&S and without any negative effect to your relationship with IDEX H&S, and we will do everything we can to honor such requests. This choice will be offered at the bottom of our online or offline communications to you as well as on our web registration pages.
If you have any difficulty opting out, please contact our Data Protection Officer at IHSdata-protection-officer@idexcorp.com.
4. WHERE WE STORE AND WHO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITHThe personal information that we collect from you in relation to the provision of our Website will be transferred to and processed in the USA by IDEX Health & Science, LLC.
The personal information that we collect from you in relation to the selling of our products will be subject to the terms of IDEX Health & Science, LLC. Where the GDPR applies, such personal information may be transferred to, and processed in the USA by IDEX Health & Science, LLC under the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e., the standard contractual clauses) (the “Model Clauses”), pursuant to Decision 2004/915/EC and 2010/87/EU.
In addition to the above, IDEX H&S’s global organizational structure also requires the global transfer of personal information within the IDEX H&S group of companies. As a consequence, as it is in our legitimate interests for the efficient operation of a global company, and as permitted by applicable law, the personal information that you provide to us will be transferred across state or country borders, including to countries outside the country in which you reside (including to countries outside the EEA), to consolidate data storage, simplify information management or synchronize customer relationship activities globally. It will also be processed by staff operating outside the country in which you reside (including countries outside of the EEA) who work for us or one of our resellers, distributors, service providers, or suppliers as noted below.
We share your information with selected recipients. These categories of recipients include:
Cloud storage providers to store the personal information you provide and for disaster recovery services;
Service providers that provide us with customer relationship management services;
Service providers that provide us with survey services;
Service providers that provide us with market research services;
Agents and suppliers that provide us with technology services;
Distributors of our products and services;
Service providers that provide us with invoicing services; and
Our professional advisors, auditors and business partners.
Where the GDPR applies and the recipient of your personal information is located outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), such transfer will either be: (i) to a recipient certified to the US Department of Commerce’s EU-US Privacy Shield; or (ii) subject to the Model Clauses. For more information about the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield website.
IDEX H&S does not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others except as described in this Privacy Statement.
IDEX H&S will also disclose your personal information: (i) if we are required to do so by law; (ii) if we believe that it is necessary to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements or otherwise protect and defend the rights, property or safety of IDEX H&S or that of our customers; (iii) in order to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or other legal obligation or government inquiry; or (iv) to any entity that acquires any part of IDEX H&S’s current operations by way of merger, de-merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website of any change in ownership or usage of your personal information, as well as any choices you have regarding your personal information.
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
5. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FORWe will retain your personal information in accordance with the retention periods set out in the table below:Data Retention Periods
Why we collect your data
Categories of personal data
Legal basis for processing
Retention period*
Marketing communications including newsletters, webinars, and direct marketing.
Name, title, and contact details including email address and telephone number.
Consent – we obtain opt-in consent before marketing to contacts.
Legitimate interests of marketing to new and existing customers.
5 years.
Presales activities including provision of quotes, proposals, customer demos, producing contracts.
Name, title, and contact details including email address and telephone number.
Legitimate interests of selling products and services to new and existing customers.
6 years from expiration of customer agreement.
Sale of goods and services.
Name, title, and contact details including email address and telephone number. Financial information including bank account and credit card details.
Legitimate interests of selling products and services to new and existing customers
10 years.
Customer services including complaint investigation and compliance activities.
Name, title, and contact details including email address and telephone number.
Legitimate interests of supporting existing customers.
Service and support records are retained for 5 years post expiration of the customer agreement, save for where specific Product Line retention periods apply. Please refer to your Customer contract.
6. YOUR RIGHTSWhere GDPR applies you have the following rights.Access and Portability: You have the right to ask us to access the personal data we hold about you and be provided with certain information about how we use your personal data and who we share it with.
Where you have provided your personal data to us with your consent, you have the right to ask us for a copy of this data in a structured, machine readable format and to ask us to share (port) this data to another data controller.
Correction: You also have the right to ask us to correct your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to deletion: You have the right to ask us to delete the personal data we hold about you.
Restriction: In certain circumstances, you have the right to ask us to restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal data.
In addition, you have the right to complain to any applicable data protection supervisory authority.
Please note that these rights are limited, for example, where fulfilling your request would adversely affect other individuals or company trade secrets or intellectual property, where there are overriding public interest reasons, or where we are required by law to retain your personal data.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by clicking here.
At any time, you have the right to object to our processing of data about you in order to send you marketing, including where we build profiles for such purposes, and we will stop processing the data for that purpose.
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal information, please contact us in the first instance at IHSdata-protection-officer@idexcorp.com and we will endeavor to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to raise a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority in the country in which you live or work, where you think we have infringed data protection laws.
7. HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECUREIDEX H&S is committed to ensuring the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of personal information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and organizational measures to safeguard and secure it. We will store personal information in locations outside our direct control (e.g. on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers) and ensure that we have appropriate technical and organizational measures in place with such providers.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share this password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information over the internet is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at IHSdata-protection-officer@idexcorp.com.
8. HOW WE USE COOKIESWhile you are visiting our Website, we collect technical data related to your browsing session such as IP address, browser type and language, number of visits to our Website, and the hyperlinks you visited.
We use such technical data in aggregate form without identifying you personally for IDEX H&S’s own reporting, statistics, and website enhancements, as well as for information security purposes.
9. ADDITIONAL INFORMATIONLinks to Third-Party WebsitesLinks to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the IDEX H&S website. IDEX H&S has not reviewed, does not control and is not responsible for these websites, their content, or their privacy statement. Thus, we do not endorse or make any representations about them, any information, or any results of using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to IDEX H&S’s website, you do so entirely at your own risk.Jobs@IDEX H&S When you choose to post a resume to our Website and apply to become part of the IDEX H&S team, please note that you will be taken to our corporate website (www.idexcorp.com).
The information you provide via the URL will be used solely for the purposes for which it is provided (including the processing of your application) and will be retained for such period as is necessary to comply with IDEX H&S’s legal and administrative requirements. The information collected and used while on these hosted pages is subject to IDEX Corporate Privacy Statement to the extent applicable to resumes.Changes to the Privacy StatementThis Privacy Statement is effective as of the date stated at the start of this Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time by posting the revised policy on our Website and updating the date the statement was last revised at the start of this Privacy Statement, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you by email or by means of a prominent notice on our home page. Unless we ask for your explicit agreement to certain terms of our policy, we consider that your continuous use of our Website means that you accept the terms of this Privacy Statement.
Contact InformationPlease send/contact us with questions or comments about our privacy practices at:
Data Protection Officer at
IHSdata-protection-officer@idexcorp.com
IDEX Health & Science, LLC
600 Park Court
Rohnert Park, CA
94928
Unites States
Phone: (707) 588-2000
IDEX Health & Science is the global authority in fluidics and optics, bringing to life advanced optofluidic technologies with our products, people, and engineering expertise. Intelligent solutions for life.