https://www.gencor.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION & USE THEREOF
It is Gencor Industries, Inc.’s policy to respect and protect the privacy of visitors to Gencor Industries, Inc.’s website. Accordingly, Gencor Industries, Inc. DOES NOT extract without permission personal information about its visitors or their computer at any time while on Gencor Industries, Inc.’s website. Gencor Industries, Inc. will, however, analyze information about our visitors as a group to make our website better, but visitors are not individually identified when we do this.
Gencor Industries, Inc. will collect personal information such as names, home addresses, e-mail addresses, age, etc., but only when a visitor voluntarily gives it to us in the process of ordering subscriptions to the Gencor Industries, Inc. newsletters or registering with the Gencor Industries, Inc. website. This information is used internally by Gencor Industries, Inc. to fulfill your requests and for marketing and research purposes. Gencor Industries, Inc. will NOT sell, rent or give a visitor’s personal information to any third party unless Gencor Industries, Inc. asks for and receives the visitor’s permission at the time the personal information is collected. Gencor Industries, Inc. does however, share aggregate information about the users of Gencor Industries, Inc.’s website with our advertisers, business partners, sponsors and certain others. As mentioned above, this aggregate information is used to develop, improve and customize Gencor Industries, Inc.’s website to better serve visitors to our website. Where www.gencor.com’s information collection activities involve children, www.gencor.com provides special privacy protections.
Gencor Industries, Inc. is committed to protecting the online privacy of children. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), Gencor Industries, Inc. will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without first obtaining parental consent. Prior to providing any personally identifiable information (your name, email address, address, phone number etc.), either by placing an order for merchandise, setting up a www.gencor.com account, or participating in any other activity offered through the www.gencor.com site, children under the age of thirteen (13) must have a parent or legal guardian complete and return (by mail or fax) a Parental Consent Form to www.gencor.com – Gencor Industries, Inc. ., 5201 North Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, Florida 32810; or by fax to: 407.578.0577. The consent form states that the child’s “Parent” or “Legal Guardian”, by his or her signature, consents to the collection and transfer of the child’s personally identifiable information. Consent may be revoked by completing a “Gencor Industries, Inc. Revocation of Parental Consent Form” and sending it to the address or fax number above.
In compliance with COPPA, Gencor Industries, Inc. is sensitive about children consulting with parents or guardians before furnishing personal information or ordering anything online. It’s also Gencor Industries, Inc.’s intention to adhere to the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) Guidelines on Internet advertising with its special sensitivities regarding solicitations to children under thirteen (13). Gencor Industries, Inc. encourages parents/guardians to supervise and join their children in exploring cyberspace. Gencor Industries, Inc. is proud of its website and believes that it is suitable for Gencor Industries, Inc. fans of all ages.
Please note that if a parent does not permit www.gencor.com’s use or collection of personally identifiable information or has instructed Gencor Industries, Inc. to delete personally identifiable information, a child’s participation in those www.gencor.com activities for which the personally identifiable information has been requested may not be possible.
Gencor Industries, Inc. will not disclose information collected from children under the age of thirteen (13) (or from adults for that matter) to third parties unless indicated otherwise or in special cases where Gencor Industries, Inc. has reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (whether intentionally or unintentionally) with Gencor Industries, Inc.’s rights or property or anyone else who may be harmed by such actions or if required by law.
Gencor Industries, Inc. recommends that parents/guardians monitor and supervise the online activities of their children and to consider using available parental control tools which can prevent children from disclosing their name, address, and other personal information without parental permission. Visitors to Gencor Industries, Inc.’s website who are under thirteen (13) years old should not be submitting any personal information like their name, address, e-mail address, phone number etc. without a parent’s or guardian’s permission.
CORRESPONDENCE & WEEKLY NEWSLETTERS
Gencor Industries, Inc. uses automated e-mail systems to e-mail weekly newsletters and to collect and answer correspondence from our visitors. While Gencor Industries, Inc. may not have the time or manpower to individually answer each piece of correspondence, we do read all of them!
Gencor Industries, Inc. tries to make it easy for visitors to contact www.gencor.com and we provide easy instructions on our website on how you can either edit information previously given (such as your address) or remove yourself from automated messages generated by Gencor Industries, Inc.. Should you have a technical problem doing this please contact info@gencor.com.
COOKIES
Gencor Industries, Inc. uses “cookie” technology to enhance a visitor’s online experience by making it easier to navigate through our website or to make an activity work better.
Cookies are small pieces of information or files that a website puts on a computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a computer to “remember” information from our website for future use. The use of cookies is an industry standard and is practiced by most major websites.
Gencor Industries, Inc. DOES NOT use cookies to collect or record personally identifiable information about visitors to www.gencor.com. Gencor Industries, Inc. uses information collected by cookies to learn about our visitors’ preferences, so that we can make our website better. The information is about our visitors as a whole, not about individuals.
REQUESTS FOR FEEDBACK
www.gencor.com may request feedback from visitors regarding an activity or piece of content on the www.gencor.com website. Feedback is used for internal purposes only, and any personally identifiable information that is accidentally submitted is deleted.
ADVERTISEMENTS AND LINKS
www.gencor.com may include advertisements and/or links to websites operated by third parties that are not sponsors and are not affiliated with Gencor Industries, Inc.. Gencor Industries, Inc. tries to make sure that when there are links off the Gencor Industries, Inc. website, they are working and lead visitors to interesting, fun and informative areas. However, it is hard to guarantee what exactly is presented on other sites or where links elsewhere may lead. Gencor Industries, Inc. is not responsible for the content, practices, or information provided or requested on websites operated by third parties. Further, advertisements on and links to or from www.gencor.com do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Gencor Industries, Inc. of the content, policies, practices or products or services offered on these websites. www.gencor.com will always mark advertisements as advertisements and will display and notify visitors when they are leaving www.gencor.com.
Parents/guardians should check each website’s privacy policy and terms of use in order to understand their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable information. Gencor Industries, Inc. also suggests that parents/guardians review the privacy policies of all websites that their children visit, including those websites linking to or from the Gencor Industries, Inc. websites. Information provided to those websites will be subject to the privacy policy posted at that website.
SECURITY
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with www.gencor.com visitors is of utmost concern to us. Gencor Industries, Inc. exercises great care and implements a variety of technologies to make the Gencor Industries, Inc. website as secure as possible against unauthorized access and to protect the information visitors choose to provide to us. Gencor Industries, Inc. periodically reviews and updates these measures. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent (100%) secure. As a result, while Gencor Industries, Inc. strives to protect a visitor’s personal information, Gencor Industries, Inc. can not ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or from our online products or services, and a visitor does so at his/her own risk. Gencor Industries, Inc. uses the industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption when credit card information is transmitted to us.
REVIEW AND DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may review and delete your personally identifiable information contained in Gencor Industries, Inc.’s records at any time. If you would like to review or delete this information, please contact us at:
Gencor Industries, Inc.
5201 North Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, Florida 32810
P: 407.290.6000 F: 407.578.0577
Hours: Mon-Fri 9am-5pm EST
QUESTIONS, SUGGESTIONS & COMMENTS
Please contact us at info@gencor.com or write to us at: Business & Legal Affairs, Gencor Industries, Inc., 5201 North Orange Blossom Trail, Orlando, Florida 32810 with any questions regarding Gencor Industries, Inc.’s privacy policy.
KIDS: NEVER PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF ON THE INTERNET WITHOUT YOUR PARENT’S/GUARDIAN’S PERMISSION. PLEASE READ GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC.’S PARENTAL CONSENT POLICY (SEE BELOW) WITH YOUR PARENT’S/GUARDIAN’S BEFORE YOU GO ANY FURTHER. GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. REQUIRES YOUR PARENTS’/GUARDIAN’S WRITTEN PERMISSION FOR CHILDREN UNDER THIRTEEN (13) TO PROVIDE US WITH CERTAIN INFORMATION REQUIRED TO GET THE GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. NEWSLETTER, ORDER SUBSCRIPTIONS OR ENTER CERTAIN CLUBS ETC. ON THE GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. WEBSITES.
GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC.’S PARENTAL CONSENT POLICY
Gencor Industries, Inc. is committed to protecting the online privacy of children. In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, Gencor Industries, Inc. will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13) without first obtaining parental consent.
Address:
5201 N Orange Blossom Trail Orlando, FL 32810
Phone:
(407) 290-6000
Copyright 2020 By Gencor. All Rights Reserved.
Site Map
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy