http://www.olympusamerica.com/oai_privacypolicy.asp
Olympus America
Our Company
USA
USA
Canada
Other Countries
Businesses
Medical and Surgical
Life Science Solutions
Industrial Solutions
Cameras and Audio
About
Corporate Philosophy
Business Overview
Our Leadership Team
Corporate Brochure
Ethics and Corporate Compliance
Global Info
NEWS AND MEDIA
News Center
Olympus Logos
Image/Video Requests
Olympus Responds to COVID-19
Social Responsibility
Community Involvement
Colon Cancer Awareness
Supplier Diversity
Environment
Healthcare and Microscopy Grants
Olympus Sponsorship
Careers
Investors
Contact Us
Contact Us
Locations
Request a Speaker
Home > Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Updated: January 1, 2014
Introduction
Appropriately managing and safeguarding personal information is fundamental to Olympus Corporation of the Americas’, and its family of companies’ (“We” or “Us” or “Olympus”), core values and commitment to patients, healthcare professionals, external business partners, employees, and customers. This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use and share information, including your personal information, when it’s collected through this website and/or mobile application, linked products, applications, services, websites, sub-sites, widgets, interactive features, forms, mobile site(s) and social media pages offered, owned, or operated by Olympus (the “Site(s)”).
If we make changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you by revising the Effective Date above and, in some cases, we may provide you with more prominent notice (such as sending you a notification or providing you with other disclosures within or in connection with the provision of the Sites).
Your access to and use of the Site(s) means you agree to the terms in this Privacy Notice.
We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Notice periodically so that you understand our current privacy practices.
This Privacy Notice Explains:
Introduction and Changing this Privacy Notice
Who You Should Contact
Types Of Information We Collect And Use
Why We Collect And Use Information
Additional Ways We May Collect and Share Your Information
How Long We Will Keep Your Personal information
Our Use of Information Technology
Security
Information About Minors
International Transfers of Personal information
Promotional Emails
California Residents
Who You Should Contact
If you have any questions about Olympus’ information management practices in connection with the Site(s), please contact our information management department at OCADataPrivacy@olympus.com
Attn: OCA Data Privacy
Olympus Corporation of the Americas
3500 Corporate Parkway
Center Valley, Pennsylvania 18034
Or, follow the instructions in the “contact us” section within the Site(s), if applicable.
Types Of Information We Collect And Use
Olympus collects certain information, including personal information, from you and about you.
The term “personal information” means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to a natural person (you).
Olympus’ goal is to limit the information we collect to the information needed to support our business.
Not all categories may be collected about every individual.
Below is a summary of the categories of personal information we may collect, where we get it, why we collect it, and with whom we may share it:
Category of Personal Information Collected
Source of Information
Purpose for Collection
Categories of Recipients
Identifying Information, such as salutation, first/last name, address, telephone number, email address, images posted by you, birth date, title, and company name
From you, when you create a profile, place an order, register for an event, register a product, contact us for inquiries, enter contests, request information about our products, and/or make a complaint.
Olympus trainers and/or sales and marketing representatives may ask your permission to enter your information into their customer book.
Product and service fulfillment; marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations; and fraud prevention, security and compliance.
Information provided to Olympus trainers and/or sales and marketing representatives is used to communicate with you on a one-to-one basis about our products, services, and promotions that may be of interest to you or fulfill orders at your requests.
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors, shipping and fulfilment service providers and/or third party payment services); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Login information, such as usernames and passwords used to access your account
From you
To enable you to access our services
This information is not shared outside Olympus
Payment Information, such as credit card number, bank account number and/or billing address
From you.
We (or a third party as described in Section VI) collect this information when you make purchases.
Product and service fulfillment; internal operations; fraud prevention, and security and compliance; payment processing
Our card processor stores all credit card information. They conduct the credit card transactions using commercially reasonable security precautions, controls, policies, and procedures, consistent with generally accepted data processing standards in the financial services industry. We only store a record that the transaction took place and the amount you paid in connection with your account information.
Information you post in a public space on the Site(s), such as comments, images (from Facebook, Instagram, etc.), blogs,reviews, ratings, etc.
From you
Marketing, promotions & advertising; and internal operations
Our sites (we may display information you post on reviews or comments with various social media platforms); our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Event Information, such as contact information, title, company and/or mailing address
From you, when you sign up for our events and trainings
Marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations; and fraud prevention, security and compliance
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors or shipping and fulfilment service providers); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Demographic Information, such as your age, gender and zip code
From you, when you create profiles, participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions, surveys, etc.
Marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Device Information, such as the type of device you use to access the Site(s), your device identification number, IP address or mobile operating system
From you, automatically when you visit the Site(s)
Product and service fulfillment; marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations; and fraud prevention, security and compliance
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors, shipping and fulfilment service providers and/or third party payment services); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Location information, such as the physical location of your device based on, for example, satellite, cell phone tower or Wi-Fi signals
From you, automatically when your device is set to provide location information
Product and service fulfillment; marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations; fraud prevention, security and compliance; and to provide you with personalized location-based services and content
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors, shipping and fulfilment service providers and/or third party payment services); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction.
We may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
Internet or Other Network Activity Information, such as your browsing history, search history and other information regarding your interactions with our Site(s) or advertisements
From you, as initiated by you or automatically when you visit the Site(s), through the use of our own and/or third-party technologies such as cookies and mobile device identifiers as further discussed in Section VII
Product and service fulfillment; marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations; and fraud prevention, security and compliance
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors, shipping and fulfilment service providers and/or third party payment services); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Browser or App Information, such as what site you came from and what site you visit when you leave the Site(s) or how often you use the app and where you downloaded it
From you, automatically when you visit the Site(s)
Product and service fulfillment; marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations; and fraud prevention, security and compliance
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants (such as advertising and marketing vendors, shipping and fulfilment service providers and/or third party payment services); third party marketers; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Other information you provide, such as recordings of calls when you call our customer service team or Technical Assistance Center or when you contact us through one of our internet marketing channels or via social media
From you
For quality assurance and operational optimization purposes; product and service fulfillment; marketing, promotions & advertising; internal operations; and fraud prevention, security and compliance
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers, sub processors, and/or consultants; our business partners (including third parties that provide products and services related to our business, such as contract-based distributors of Olympus products); and any other person at your consent or direction
Legal information, such as fraud checks or flags raised about your transactions, the payment card you want to use, payment card refusals, suspected crimes, complaints, claims and accidents
From you, the police, crime and fraud prevention agencies, payment card providers, the public, regulators, and your and our professional advisors and representatives
To protect you, other customers and our business against criminal activities and risks; if required by law, governmental request or court order or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court order or to protect the users of our website or the public
Our current or future parent company and corporate affiliates and subsidiaries; our service providers who help us with fraud protection and credit risk reduction; law enforcement and other governmental authorities in accordance with applicable law
Why We Collect And Use Information
Below are examples of ways we use your information collected for product and service fulfillment; marketing, promotions, and advertising; internal operations; fraud prevention, security and compliance; and payment processing, as referenced above:
Product and Service Fulfillment
To complete, fulfill, manage, and communicate with you about your transactions;
To establish and service your online profile/account on the Site(s);
To provide you with customer service and alert you to product or shipping information;
To enable the provision of services, such as training events, repair of products, and other events or services;
To administer loyalty programs; and
Respond to inquiries, requests, complaints, questions, comments.
Marketing, Promotions & Advertising
To deliver information about our products, services, and promotions (e.g., email, third-party sites or applications, and mobile devices);
To provide interactive features on the Site(s) (e.g. product ratings and reviews, comments, blogs, real-time offers and location-based offers);
To identify product preferences and shopping preferences (e.g. services and promotions of possible interest) and;
To administer contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys.
Internal Operations
To improve the effectiveness of the Site(s), services, merchandise assortment, and customer service;
Quality control and training;
To confirm contractual requirements;
To conduct research and analytics related to our operations; and
To perform other logistics and operations activities as needed.
Fraud Prevention, Security and Compliance
To protect our assets and prevent fraudulent transactions;
To validate credentials and authenticate customers when logging into your online profile, and/or applications;
To protect the security and integrity of our services and our data; and
To assist law enforcement and respond to legal regulatory inquiries.
Payment Processing
To process your payments and address your order inquiries and requests.
Olympus does not rent, lease, or otherwise sell your Personal information.
Additional Ways We May Collect and Share Your Information
In addition to the methods enumerated above, Olympus may collect and share information, including your personal information, through the following methods:
Information From Other Sources
We may receive your updated shipping information from a third-party provider.
We engage with current and prospective customers through multiple internet marketing channels and social media services (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Twitter). If you contact us on one of our internet marketing channels, request customer service via social media or otherwise direct us to communicate with you via social media, we may contact you via direct message or use other internal or social media tools to interact with you. In these instances, your interactions with us are governed by this Privacy Notice as well as the privacy notice of the social media platform you use. If you choose to access, link to, or log-in to our Sites or internet marketing channels or otherwise communicate with us through a third-party social media service, you are granting us permission to access and use the information that you post or store on the applicable social media service in accordance with the privacy notice of that service and the privacy settings that are applicable to your account, and to store the user name and password you use to log-in to the applicable social media service. By accessing or logging into our Sites or internet marketing channels via a social media service, any information you provide to us may also become accessible to that service, subject to that service’s privacy notice. For additional information and more details on how you can manage the information provided to us by these social media services, please review the privacy settings applicable to your account with the applicable social media service. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices of such services. Please consult the privacy notice of such services for additional information.
We may also share aggregated or anonymized information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
We participate in consortiums to share information or match customer data. When shared, this information is de-identified or anonymized.
We may receive various types of information, including identification information, contact information, and transactional information, from our service providers, vendors, and family of companies. We may combine the personal information and non-personal information collected online and offline, including information collected from third parties to provide you with advertisements we think you will find interesting.
Business Transfers
If Olympus merges with, acquires or is acquired by another business entity, it may share your information with any successors to all or part of its business.
This may include an asset sale, corporate reorganization or other change of control.
If Olympus or any of its subsidiaries sold to or are otherwise acquired by a third party, all Olympus’ data assets will become the property of the acquiring party.
Such a party will be subject to the consent(s), opt-outs or other customer conditions on data.
A change in data ownership may or may not include a notice on the Site(s).
Third Party Marketing
We may share your information with third parties that provide products or services we believe may interest you.
These third parties may also share your information with others.
These third parties may use your information for their own marketing purposes or the marketing purposes of others.
This may include the delivery of internet-based advertising.
How Long We Will Keep Your Personal information
We will retain your Personal information only as long as necessary to provide you with the products, services and programs you request, our essential business purposes, such as maintaining the performance of the services and programs, making data-driven business decisions about new features and offerings, complying with our legal obligations and resolving disputes. When we have no justifiable business need to process your Personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it.
The criteria, used to determine our retention periods include:
The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide services or programs to you (for example, for as long as you have a profile/account with us or keep using the services/programs);
Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject; or
Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statues of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations).
Our Use Of Information Technology
This section describes the various types of technologies we use when you interact with our Site(s), and your choices regarding those technologies:
Cookies, Pixel Tags, and Flash Cookies
We collect certain information, including personal information, by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, pixel tags, browser analysis tools, server logs, and web beacons. Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser.
Cookies allow us to recognize when you return to the Site(s).
They also help us provide a customized experience and enable us to detect certain kinds of fraud.
The types of technology used by Olympus may change over time as technology evolves.
Some of these technologies are essential for the provision of the Site(s), such as account access/authentication.
To learn more about the cookies we use, click here.
Website Optimization Services
Olympus shares information with Google Analytics and other optimization services to understand and optimize website performance and enhance site usability for users.
These tools run in the background of our sites analyzing site usage information and then return reports to us through an encrypted connection. They are required to maintain data securely and confidentially and are not permitted to share data collected with parties other than Olympus.
Credit card, passwords or other sensitive information is not collected through these optimization services.
In addition, these services may associate and group session visits to our website from various browsers and devices.
To learn more about Google Analytics, including options for opting out and/or managing the ads you may see online please visit: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Interest-Based or Online Behavioral Advertising
Olympus uses third-party advertising companies to serve interest-based advertisements.
These companies compile information from various online sources to match user profiles with ads we believe will be most relevant, interesting and timely based on that users profile.
To learn more about managing your privacy and to know your choices concerning interest-based ads, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative's opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or www.aboutads.info/choices.
Social Network & New Tech Advertising Programs
Olympus has relationships with several social networks.
These companies have specific interest-based ads programs that match people that have shown an interest in Olympus through our Site(s) or other services within their profiles (such as on Facebook) and platforms (such as Facebook and Google).
This matching allows us to deliver relevant, interest-based ads on those companies’ networks.
Do Not Track
Olympus does not currently recognize and process Do Not Track signals from different web browsers.
For more information on Do Not Track please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org/.
Security
Olympus is committed to maintaining appropriate organizational, technical, and physical controls to protect the personal information entrusted to us.
These controls protect personal information from anticipated threats and hazards as well as unauthorized access and use.
Olympus will strive to provide security that is proportional to the sensitivity of the personal information being protected, with the greatest effort being focused on protecting sensitive personal information, like financial or medical data, that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience if it got into the wrong hands.
Information about Minors
Olympus is strongly committed to preserving online privacy for all of our Site(s) visitors, including children.
Olympus’ policy is not to collect any personal information about children under 13 years old.
Olympus’ services are offered to customers who are the age of 13 years and above.
No programs, services or offerings are intended for children under the age of 13. Furthermore, we may restrict entries to any contests, sweepstakes or promotions to entrants who are at least 18 years of age.
Minors under 18 years of age may have the Personal Information that they provide to us through the Site deleted by sending an email requesting deletion to OCADataPrivacy@olympus.com. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
International Transfers of Personal information
Your information, including your personal information, will be submitted to servers managed by Olympus and/or its service providers/sub processor(s).
By accessing or using the Site(s) or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information, including your personal information, to the European Union, Japan, United States and/or any other location where the Olympus group operates which are described at https://www.olympus-global.com/company/base/?page=company.
Promotional Emails
If we send you any promotional emails, and you no longer would like to receive such emails, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions on those emails.
Your email address will be removed from our marketing list.
Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request.
California Residents
California residents have certain additional rights regarding our use and disclosure of personal information:
You may request a copy of the following: (1) The categories of personal information we collected about you; (2) The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (3) The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) the personal information; (4) The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; and (5) The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. To submit a request for this information, email us at OCADataPrivacy@olympus.com.
You may request that we (and our service providers) delete your personal information. Note that deletion requests are subject to certain limitations, for example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, to process transactions and facilitate customer requests, and for certain other internal business purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
To submit a request for deletion email us at OCADataPrivacy@olympus.com.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under this section.
As set forth above, California law requires us to identify, for the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, what information Olympus has “sold” about you.
Please be assured that Olympus does not sell or rent your information to third parties purely for our profit, to data brokers, or in any way other than those intended to improve your online experiences and the relevance of offers made to you through Olympus and elsewhere.
Instead, there are instances where Olympus has shared personal information in order to provide our customers with personalized services or customized offers to improve your online experiences through our services or elsewhere.
We do this in ways that are intended to extend the Olympus experience to our customers in a variety of environments.
Depending on the circumstances and the contractual obligations in place, this sharing may be a “sale” under applicable law and you may have the right to request that we stop such sharing as more fully set forth below.
This sharing includes:
identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier; cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology; customer number, unique pseudonym, or user alias; telephone number and other forms of persistent or probabilistic identifiers), online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, and other similar identifiers;
commercial information, including records of services purchased, obtained, or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies;
Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements; and
inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about you reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Olympus may require proof of California residence before responding to any request made under this section.
You may authorize another person (your “agent”) to submit a request on your behalf by emailing OCADataPrivacy@olympus.com. Shortly after you (or your agent) submit a request, we will contact you (via email at the email address provided during submission of your request) with instructions on how to verify the request before we fulfill it. We will verify your identity by asking you to log in to your account if you have one with us.
Or if you do not, we may ask for your email address, the order number of a recent order you placed with us or the last four digits of a credit or debit card used on our Site(s).
We will aim to complete your requests as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with any applicable laws.
If you have an account with us, you may also see certain personal information (such as certain profile and transaction information) directly through your account page after logging in to a Site. Please note that changes you make on your account profile page through one of our Sites may not always be reflected on other Sites operated by us.
Shine the Light Law - Direct Marketing
You have the right to request information from Olympus once per calendar year regarding the manner in which Olympus shares certain categories of your personal information with third parties, for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. California Civil Code § 1798.83 provides you with the right to submit a request to Olympus at its designated address and receive the following information:
The categories of personal information Olympus’ disclosed to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year;
The names and addresses of third parties that received such information; and
If the nature of a third party's business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. Olympus’ designated email address for such a request is OCADataPrivacy@olympus.com.
About
Corporate Philosophy
Business Overview
Corporate Brochure
Ethics and Corporate Compliance
Global Information
Contact Us
Social Responsibility
Community Involvement
Environment
Inspiring Others
Advocacy
Olympus Sponsorship
News and Media
News Center
Olympus Logos
Image/Video Requests
Careers
Investors
Global Information
Global Financial Results
Global Annual Report
© 2020 Olympus Corporation of the Americas
|
December 11, 2020
|
Privacy Notice
|
Terms of Use