http://www.ez-screen.com/privacy-policy
ABOUT
ABOUT EZ-SCREEN
TESTIMONIALS
EZ-KINETIC DRIVE SYSTEM
POWDERCOAT VS. PAINT
USA vs CHINA
MACHINES
SCREENING PLANTS
EZ-SCREEN 100
EZ-SCREEN 600
EZ-SCREEN 700
EZ-SCREEN 800
EZ-SCREEN 1000XL
EZ-SCREEN 1200XLS
TROMMEL
EZ-409 TROMMEL
ATTACHMENTS
EZ-SCREEN 100
SB SCREENING BUCKETS
ATTACHMENTS
BLOG
CONTACT
REVENUE CALCULATOR
RENT vs. BUY
Ez-Screen Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is here to inform you of how we use personal information collected at our website. Please read this privacy policy before using the Ez-Screen website or submitting any personal information through the EZ-Screen website. By using our website, you are accepting any and all practices described in this privacy policy. The practices outlines below may change at any time. However, any changes to the practices outlined below will be posted immediately. Said changes are not retroactive but will only apply to activities and information submitted after said changes are made. We encourage you to review the EZ-Screen privacy policy any time you visit the EZ-Screen website to fully understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Furthermore, the privacy practices set forth in the EZ-Screen privacy policy are for this website only (www.EZ-Screen.com) and not other websites linked to or from this website (www.EZ-Screen.com).
Collection of Information
EZ-Screen collects personally identifiable information such as names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, etc., only when voluntarily submitted. The information submitted is only used to fulfill your specific requests unless your permission is given to us to use it in another manner such as adding you to our mailing list.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) may have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:
Permitted or required by law
To protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions
To investigate fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to any companies or agencies for marketing purposes.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The EZ-Screen website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technologies are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors, and understanding how visitors use the website, in order to better improve the information and processes provided on the EZ-Screen website. Personal information can and will not be collected via cookies and other tracking technologies on the EZ-Screen website.
For any questions or concerns regarding the EZ-Screen privacy policy, please feel free to contact us
Phone: 248-745-5828
Fax: 248-745-5825
Email: sales@ez-screen.com
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time. Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted.
CONTACT
Argus Industrial Company, LLC
16 West Huron Pontiac, MI 48342
phone: 248-745-5828
fax: 248-745-5825
email: sales@ez-screen.com
CONNECT AND FOLLOW
FacebookLinkedInYouTube
LATEST TOPSOIL NEWS
6 Examples of Sustainable Uses of Soil
Don’t Rake Those Leaves!
Screened Vs. Unscreened Topsoil