http://www.capitasymonds.co.uk/privacy-notice/
Previous
Next
Hide image
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Your privacy is important to us and we are committed to protecting it. The primary purpose of the capitaproperty.co.uk website is to be a resource to help visitors learn more about our organisation. We take care to protect the privacy of customers and users of the site and, if we do ask you to provide certain information, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy notice. The notice applies to all visitors to this website.
Capita Real estate and infrastructure is committed to protecting your privacy and complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA 2018”). This Privacy Notice sets out your rights, and the basis by which we collect, use and disclose the personal data on you. Capita will always aim to be transparent about how we process personal data.
Capita plc of 65 Gresham Street, London, EC2V 7NQ, is the Data Controller for your personal information. Capita’s Data Protection Officer is Jenny Coombs who can be contacted at privacy@capita.co.uk.
Your rights
You are entitled to know whether we hold personal data about you and, if we do, to have access to that personal data and request that it be corrected if it is inaccurate. You can also choose to manage the marketing communications you receive by using opt-out mechanisms in emails we send to you. In such cases, we will retain the minimum personal data necessary to record that you opted out, in order to avoid contacting you again.
If you have submitted personal information through this website and wish us to cease using it for the purposes submitted, please contact rei-website@capita.com.
This notice sets out how we collect and process information about visitors to capitaproperty.co.uk.
How do we collect information from you?
We collect information on this website and through 3rd party platforms in two ways:
Information which is collected and stored during normal use of the site, such as your IP address and the pages you visited.
When you opt to submit personal information, in order for us to send you further information or email alerts; when you request to view certain content, such as white papers, or research; when you apply for a job; or when you register for an event, conference or webinar.
What information do we collect?
The information we might collect and process about you includes:
Your basic identification and contact details. This may include your name, company, address, telephone number, email address and other information that you provide us
Information about your computer, such as your IP address, operating system and browser type.
Information about your customer relationship with us. This may include information about your previous purchases of our products and services, your billing information, information about events you have attended, and feedback you have given us.
Details of your visits to our website, the pages you view and resources you access or download. Please see our section on Google Analytics below and our separate cookie policy for more information.
Details of the actions you take within emails we have sent you, for example, which content you click through to read on our website
Information that you choose to provide by filling in a form on our website, including subscribing to newsletters and alerts, registering for a conference, or requesting content, such as a white paper.
If you contact us with an enquiry, or for information, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
We may collect personal information when we meet you face to face or when you contact us either on the telephone or in writing
When this information relates to or identifies you, it is treated as ‘personal data’.
Information we receive from third parties
We may collect information about you from third parties that we work with for the purposes of delivering to you the services that you request from us. For example, we may engage third parties for online event registration and further information requests systems; these entities will collect information directly from you on our behalf.
How is the information used and why is it being collected?
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
We analyse browsing activity data to understand how people use the features and functions of our website to identify improvement so that we can provide you with a better website experience.
We analyse how you interact with website and email content to enable us to provide you with better and more relevant content.
To process online job applications which you fill out.
To fulfil your requests for more information, white papers, articles, alerts, newsletters or other content. Pages that collect this type of information may provide further information as to why your data is needed and how it will be used.
For surveys or research questionnaires to help improve our content or our services to you.
To contact you for marketing purposes where you have agreed to this.
Our career pages
You can look at our recruitment pages and search for jobs without giving us any personal information about yourself.
When applying for a vacancy, the information that we will collect will be personal information such as name, contact details, work history, employer feedback, education, skills, training, and other onboarding compliance requirements. We may use this information to provide work-seeking services, to assess your suitability to work as well as administrative and management purposes in connection with providing work seeking services. Our website enables you to directly submit CVs, apply for specific roles and to join our candidate talent pool, the information from which will be used as described above.
What is the legal basis which allows us to use your information in a certain way?
Legitimate purpose
We collect and use your personal information for the legitimate business purposes of communicating with you to deal with your enquiries, fulfilling your requests for services and information, sending you communications which you have requested, notifying you of changes to our services, processing payment from you where applicable and monitoring behaviour on our website to improve your browsing experience, help us to improve our website and make our marketing campaigns more relevant.
Consent
We may also use your personal information where you give us your express consent, for example when you provide consent to receive marketing materials.
You have a right to object to Capita processing your personal information and if you wish to object, please contact us at privacy@capita.co.uk.
Who will the information be shared with?
In connection with any application, request or enquiry you make, your information will be passed directly to the relevant business unit within Capita and nowhere else.
By submitting your personal information through this website, you are consenting to it being processed in the manner described above.
We will not share your personal information with any third party, outside of Capita, that intends to use it for direct marketing purposes, unless we have specifically informed you and you have given us specific permission to do this.
We may use third parties, like service providers, agents or contractors to provide support and administration assistance for the internal operations of our websites, event registration systems, applications and online advertisements.
These third parties may come into contact with your personal information in the course of providing their services to us. They must provide equivalent levels of security for your personal information as Capita and, where required, are bound by a legal agreement to keep your personal information private, secure and to process it only on the specific instructions of Capita.
Where might you transfer my information outside the UK?
We store certain personal information linked to your browsing experience in the US using the EU/US Privacy Shield with our third-party supplier.  However, most of our systems that would store your information are based in the UK or the European Economic Area. If we need to transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area, we will ensure that such transfers are compliant with the GDPR and DPA 2018. Appropriate measures will be put in place to keep your personal data secure.
How long do you keep hold of my information?
Capita has a Data Retention Policy which mandates how long records, including personal data, must be retained. Retention periods are determined by legislation and business requirements. In most cases we will hold your data for up to 3 years after last contact, unless we have a legitimate business need or regulatory obligation which requires that we hold this data for a superseding period of time.
All information will be kept securely on our systems. All personal data will be held in accordance with the Capita Data Retention policy.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on.
This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (eg, your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
We have also implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. This is used to gain an insight into the age, gender and interests of our users to help us make decisions on how to improve the website in the future. Users can opt out of this reporting by visiting Google Ads Settings.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at Google support.
Visitors may choose to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking with the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. You may also disable tracking cookies by clicking the privacy settings link in the bottom right of the any website page.
Read about how we use Cookies on our website.
Links to other websites
Our website also contains links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy notice. You should always look at the privacy notice applicable to the website in question.
The Right to Complain
If you have any concerns or complaints regarding the processing of your personal data, or our compliance with the GDPR and DPA 2018, you should contact Capita’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@capita.co.uk.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority.
Their contact details in the UK are:
www.ico.org.uk
Telephone 0303 123 1113
Postal address Information Commissioner’s Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Capita may change this notice by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This privacy notice is effective from October 2019.
Contacting us
If you can’t find what you’re looking for here or have a concern about our use of your personal data, please contact us.
Share
About us
Location
Contact us now
Close X
About us
Across the UK, our clients rely on us every day to de-risk, simplify, and un-complicate things. How? With the right team and the right solution – on time, and on budget.
Working with public and private sector organisations, we provide specialist project and cost management, engineering and design, health and safety, and environmental solutions. We do things differently, specialising in infrastructure – the physical networks which keep the country moving, as well as the social infrastructure which creates communities people want to be a part of – and in building solutions, from architectural innovation to sustainable and technologically advanced design and delivery.
Close X
Locations
Close X
Contact us
First name:
*
Surname:
*
Email:
*
Telephone:
Your privacy
The information you provide will only be used to respond to the question or in relation to a specific comment you have submitted, or will be passed directly to the relevant business unit within Capita Real estate and infrastructure in order to provide you with a response. We will only retain this information for the purposes of responding to your enquiry, and for information on our communication history with you (or the organisation you represent) should you contact us again.
By submitting your personal information through this form, you are consenting to it being processed in the manner described above and to being contacted in relation to your enquiry, using the details you provided. See our privacy notice for more information on how we take care of your information.
Area of enquiry:
*
Highways
Rail
Aviation
Water, Power and Gas
Buildings
Flood Protection
Careers
Accounts
Subject Access Request
Other
Message:
Capita plc65 Gresham StreetLondon EC2V 7NQ+44(0)207 7094500
Close X
About Us
Across the UK, our clients rely on us every day to de-risk, simplify, and un-complicate things. How? With the right team and the right solution – on time, and on budget.
Working with public and private sector organisations, we provide specialist project and cost management, engineering and design, health and safety, and environmental solutions. We do things differently, specialising in infrastructure – the physical networks which keep the country moving, as well as the social infrastructure which creates communities people want to be a part of – and in building solutions, from architectural innovation to sustainable and technologically advanced design and delivery.
Close X
Locations
Creating tomorrow's prosperous and connected places