http://www.mucon.com/en/privacy-policy
Sales and advice call
+44 (0)1625 412000
Lines Open: 08:00-17:00 Mon-Thurs | 08:00-16:00 Fri
About UsNews
Toggle navigation
Home
Product Selector
Products
Spare Parts
Services
Resellers
Application
Contact
Privacy Policy
About muconPrivacy PolicyMucon HistoryTerms and Conditions
Need a special service?
Call +44 (0)1625 412000 / Email
Lines open 08:00-17:00 Mon-Thurs | 08:00-16:00 Fri
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY This privacy policy explains how Process Components Limited (‘‘PCL’’ or ‘‘We’’) uses personal data from and about you, on the websites operated by PCL, by phone, email, or otherwise when you visit our websites, or use the services provided on and through our websites, including downloading data or using online chat portals PCL is committed to protecting your personal data and being transparent about what information it holds. PCL understands its obligations to help you understand how and why we processes your personal data. This policy tells you about the what, why, how, and when in relation to PCL’s collection and processing or handling of your personal data. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? The types of personal information we collect and process about you include: Your name and contact information (e.g., email, company name, job title and phone number(s));Business information details such as information provided during any contractual relationship between you and PCL, or otherwise voluntarily provided by you;Information that is collected when you visit one of our websites such as cookies;The type of device used to browse our websites;The browser you use to view our websites;Other similar information that helps fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. Cookies A “Cookie” is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device (such as desktop, laptop, tablet) when the user accesses certain websites. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. The information below explains the cookies we use on our website and why we use them: 1. Cookies and similar technologies allow us to provide you with, for example, customized information from our Websites and to make our Websites more user-friendly through visitor recognition, understanding and facilitation of visitor browsing behaviour. This may include, for example, remembering your language selection so you don’t have to re-enter it every time you visit our Websites. 2. Our Websites also employ cookies and similar technologies placed by our carefully selected third party partners, including but not limited to Google and Chatstack to manage our commercial relationship with those partners. 3. You can enable or disable cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, to make full use of our Website, cookies need to be enabled on your browser or device. 4. We have a variety of pages on social networking sites. If you use these pages, the hosting sites may store cookies onto your device. We do not control the setting of, and accept no liability in connection with these cookies. Please look at the third-party websites for more information about the cookies they use and how you can manage them. 5. Third party cookies are those that are set by a domain different to the one that the user is visiting. PCL uses some carefully selected third parties to provide certain services to improve the service we offer to you. Some of these third parties use cookies. Information about how we use third parties and what cookies they use and why, is given below. 6. Below list includes cookies deployed by such third parties on our Website. Google Analytics At PCL, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our visitors navigate to and through our Websites. These cookies enable the function of Google analytics. This service helps us understand how long customers spend visiting different pages and how often they return to our Website. Google Analytics also helps our marketing colleagues to work out the effectiveness of our digital marketing campaigns. You can find out how to opt out of these cookies here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Chatstack Chatstack is a third party online chat solution embedded in some of our websites. It provides the ability to chat in real-time in written form with PCL employees. The data is collected and processed by Stardevelop Pty Ltd, the developer of this application. You can find out more about how Stardevelop Pty Ltd collects and processes your personal data at https://www.chatstack.com/privacy HOW DO WE USE THIS DATA AND WHAT IS THE LEGAL BASIS FOR ITS COLLECTION AND PROCESSING? 1. As required to establish and fulfil a contract with you, for example, if you make a purchase from us or enter into an agreement to provide or receive services. This may include verifying your identity, taking payments, communicating with you, providing customer services and arranging the delivery or other provision of products or services. We require this information in order to enter into a contract with you and are unable to do so without it; 2. To comply with applicable law and regulation; 3. In accordance with our legitimate interests in protecting PCL’s legitimate business interests and legal rights, including but not limited to, use in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes (including disclosure of such information in connection with legal process or litigation); 4. With your express consent to respond to any comments or complaints we may receive from you, and/or in accordance with our legitimate interests including to investigate any complaints received from you or from others; 5. We may use information you provide to personalise (i) our communications to you; (ii) our website; and (iii) products or services for you, in accordance with our legitimate interests; 6. To monitor use of our websites and online services. We may use your information to help us check, improve and protect our products, content, services and websites, both online and offline, in accordance with our legitimate interests; and 7. We may use your information to invite you to take part in market research or surveys. We also use your personal data to respond to you when you contact us. SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 1. Your personal data collected by PCL may be shared with companies within the PCL group to allow PCL to carry out the purposes stated above. 2. We will not share your personal data outside the PCL group without your prior consent. Transferring Personal Data outside the Country Where data needs to be transferred outside the UK, PCL will ensure that all such transfers are in compliance with the terms of the Data Protection Laws and the relevant EU regulations. Where transfers are to be made outside of the European Economic Area, PCL will ensure that the designation country(ies) has data protection laws assessed as adequate by the European Commission or where adequate safeguards are in place.
YOUR RIGHTS 1. Right to withdraw consent. Where PCL is collecting or/and processing data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. 2. In addition, you have the right to: access your personal data;copy or transfer your personal data;demand rectification of incorrect or incomplete data;require deletion or removal of your personal data;request not to be subject to entirely automatic profiling algorithms;impose restriction on processing of your personal data; andobject to the processing of your personal data based on grounds other than your express consent. 3. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK Information Commissioner should you believe that PCL has violated your privacy right through inappropriate use of your personal data and has failed to promptly cure such violation upon receipt of your request for cure. SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION 1. PCL is committed to protecting the information you provide us. We take the information and system security very seriously and we strive to comply with our obligations at all times. PCL will take great care in maintaining the security of your personal data and in preventing unauthorized access to it through the use of appropriate technology and internal safeguards. Your information is protected by controls designed to minimize the risk of loss or damage through accident, negligence or deliberate actions. 2. All PCL websites deploy SSL security to protect your personal data. DATA RETENTION PERIOD We will not keep your personal information for any purpose for longer than is necessary and will only retain the personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose. We are also required to retain certain information as required by law or for as long as is reasonably necessary to meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions.If you are a customer, we will keep your personal data for as long as necessary to complete our contractual relationship.If you are or have been a customer of PCL’s or one of its group companies, we may retain your details indefinitely, but we will not use this information for marketing purposes, including emails, unless you specifically allow or ask us to do so. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY PCL may change the terms of the Privacy Policy from time to time. In case of any changes, we will post those changes. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. HOW TO CONTACT PCL REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA You can reach us at dataprivacy@pro-components.com
Product Categories
Iris Valves
Slide Valves
Butterfly Valves
Disc Valves
Discharge Aids
Level Probes
Spare Parts
Other Services
Bespoke Product Design On Site Maintenance
In-House Services
Mucon on Twitter
For #grainhandling in Flat Stores at port, our MaxiStore solution is a unique and cost saving system, compared with… https://t.co/G1TrphaNwm2 day, 23 hour agoAs another Cone Mill leaves our #Kemutec PCL manufacturing site in the #uk, we are so proud to share their… https://t.co/2rYtDfIo434 day ago Follow us on Twitter
Contact Mucon
Rupert House
London Road South
Poynton
Stockport
SK12 1PQ
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 (0)1625 412000
Fax: +44 (0)1625 412001
Privacy Policy
/
Terms & Conditions
/
Site Map