http://www.celestecorp.com/privacy.html
CORONAVIRUS UPDATE
800.447.5775
info@celestecorp.com
Products
Interior Surfaces
Exterior & MRO
Odor Control
Potable Water
Toilets & Drains
Hand Care
Our Company
About Celeste
Green Chemistry Standards
Contact Us
Join Our Team
Request a sample
Resources
Blog
Documents
Distributors
Other brands we love
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using this site or submitting information to us. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the website is acceptance of such changes, so please check this area periodically for updates to this Privacy Policy. INFORMATION CELESTE COLLECTS FROM YOU You can visit the Celeste website to read product and company information without telling us who you are and without revealing any personally identifiable information. There are instances, however, where Celeste requests personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, company name, job title, email address, telephone number, fax number, information about how you use our products, financial information, comments, etc.) to provide you a service, such as e-business or correspondence, or to respond to a request for information. Described below are the ways in which Celeste actively and passively collects information during a website visit. This information is collected and stored in a manner appropriate to the nature of the data by Celeste, Celeste’s affiliates and its third-party service providers (i.e. Supplier, distributor, etc.) and is used to fulfil your requests, as further described below. Active Information CollectionLike many other websites, we actively collect information from our visitors both by asking specific questions on this website and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via online forms and e-mail. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable. Also, if you place an order, you may be required to provide financial information.Celeste does not have control over the privacy policies applied by any other party that you may disclose information to. If you would like information on any other party's privacy policy, you should contact that party directly, and we encourage you to do so. If you register with this website in order to gain access to certain site features, during the registration process we may ask for your first and last name, e-mail address, telephone number, company name and postal address, all of which are generally required in order to complete the registration. We also may ask you for other optional information, such as your experience with Celeste products. Registered users who provide this information and register can benefit from access to additional information about Celeste products and other features that Celeste may offer from time to time. Passive Information CollectionAs you navigate through a website, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as navigational data collection. Like most web site operators, we track IP addresses, assign Internet tags, and use both session and persistent cookies. We use cookies to help identify you when you visit our website and deliver content specific to your interests. You should be aware that we may use these cookies for other purposes now and in the future. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on this website and collects operational information about the technology you use, such as the website that referred you to us and your browser, screen name, type of computer, operating systems and Internet service providers. We passively collect information to generate statistics and measure site activity in order to understand what areas of this website most popular, which areas may require improvement and what technologies are being used by our visitors. This information helps us to update and improve this website and enhance the usefulness of customer visits. We also use this information for security purposes, to detect and to block security breaches and to provide you with a safe online environment. HOW CELESTE USES YOUR INFORMATION Celeste uses your personal information to enhance the operation of this website, allow you to use all of its features and provide you with the services that you request (i.e., fulfilling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their order status, sending promotional information, enhancing our website and the operation of our website, for statistical purposes, etc.). Celeste may send you information about its products and services and may contact you about new features or products in which it believes you may be interested. Celeste also may use your contact information for marketing and other purposes. We only use your personal data for marketing purposes if we have a legal basis (i.e. Consent, Contracts, Legitimate Interest, etc.) to do so. Celeste also will disclose any information that it is required to disclose by law or by an appropriate government authority. Legitimate interestsWhen we have a business or commercial reason of our own to use your information, this is called a ‘legitimate interest’. We will tell you what that is, if we are going to rely on it as the reason for using your data. Even then, it must not unfairly go against your interests. These interests are:communicating with you in relation to any issues, complaints, or disputes;improving the quality of experience when you interact with our products and/or services, including testing the performance of our products and customer experience of our website;developing, improving, and delivering marketing and advertising for products and services offered by Celeste.  WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?  We will only share personal data with others when we have a legitimate reason to do so.  When we share data with others, we put contractual arrangements and security mechanisms in place to protect the data and to comply with our GDPR, confidentiality and security standards. We may share your personal information with the following categories of recipients:our group companies, third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our website/application), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information.Any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;A potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;Any other person with your consent to the disclosure.   INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS AND HOW TO EXERCISE THEM Individuals have certain rights over their personal data and data controllers are responsible for fulfilling these rights.  Where we decide how and why personal data is processed, we are a data controller and include further information about the rights that individuals have and how to exercise them below.Right to AccessYou have a right of access to personal data held by us as a data controller.  This right may be exercised by emailing us at customerservice@celestecorp.com. We will aim to respond to any requests for information promptly, and in any event within the legally required time limits (within one month).Right to RectificationTo update personal data submitted to us, you may email us at customerservice@celestecorp.com. When practically possible, once we are informed that any personal data processed by us is no longer accurate, we will make corrections (where appropriate) based on your updated information.Right to ErasureYou have the right to request the deletion of your personal data where, for example, the personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected, where you withdraw your consent to processing, where there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue to process your personal data, or your personal data has been unlawfully processed.  If you would like to request that your personal data is erased, please email us at customerservice@celestecorp.com. You also may opt out of having your e-mail address used for promotional purposes by Celeste. This opt out does not apply to information provided to Celeste as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions Right to ObjectIn certain circumstances, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data where, for example, your personal data is being processed on the basis of legitimate interests and there is no overriding legitimate interest for us to continue to process your personal data, or if your data is being processed for marketing purposes.  If you would like to object to the pressing of your personal data, please contact us at customerservice@celestecorp.com. Right to Restrict Processing In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that we restrict the further processing of your personal data.  This right arises where, for example, you have contested the accuracy of the personal data we hold about you and we are verifying the information, you have objected to processing based on legitimate interests and we are considering whether there are any overriding legitimate interests, or the processing is unlawful and you elect that processing is restricted rather than deleted.  Please contact us at customerservice@celestecorp.com. Right to Portability In certain circumstances, you have the right to request that some of your personal data is provided to you, or to another data controller, in a commonly used, machine-readable format.  This right arises where you have provided your personal data to us, the processing is based on consent or the performance of a contract. If you would like to request that your personal data is ported to you, please contact us at customerservice@celestecorp.com. Withdrawal of consentWhere we process personal data based on consent, individuals have a right to withdraw consent at any time.  To withdraw consent to our processing of your personal data please email us customerservice@celestecorp.com or, to stop receiving an email from a Celeste marketing list, please click on the unsubscribe link in the relevant email received from us.   Please note that the GDPR sets out exceptions to these rights.  If we are unable to comply with your request due to an exception we will explain this to you in our response. HOW CELESTE PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATIONWe take reasonable steps to protect your personal data from loss or destruction.  We also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach.  We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so. The secure server encrypts all sensitive information you input before it is sent to us. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases, including but not limited to encryption for data transfer, firewalls, restricted access to data, employee training, and other methods. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONCeleste retains the personal information collected on the website, directly from customers, suppliers or distributors as long as necessary to provide the services, products and information you request or as permitted by applicable law.ComplaintsWe hope that you won’t ever need to, but if you do want to complain about our use of personal data, please send an email with the details of your complaint to customerservice@celestecorp.com.  We will look into and respond to any complaints we receive. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.  For further information on your rights and how to complain to the data protection authority, please refer to your local data protection authority website. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERSWe may transfer your business contact details to our associated entities, other members of our group of companies (including our parent company, Illinois Tool Works Inc., in the US) and corporate approved third-party suppliers/systems based outside the EU.Please be aware that countries outside of the European Economic Area (EEA) may not offer the same level of data protection as a country within the EEA. We ensure that we have a relevant data processing agreement in place with each third party outside the EEA to ensure they are compliant with privacy and data protection laws. We will make sure that any transfer of your personal information by us will be secured and/or encrypted for its protection.
Sustainable solutions to everyday problems
CONTACT
SITEMAP
Products
Our company
Resources
Distributors
Other brands we love
Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement.            Terms and Conditions of Sale.            Privacy Policy.
©
2020 Celeste Industries Corp.
What are you looking for?
©2018 Celeste Industries Corporation8007 Industrial Park Road, Easton, MD 21601(800) 447-5775UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement