http://www.aegir.com/aegirs-policies/
Skip to content
Aegir’s COVID-19 Policies
The Federal Government signed into law the Families First
Coronavirus Response Act (FFCRA) which took effect on April 1,
2020 and lasts through December 31, 2020.  The federal government will
provide additional Sick Pay to employees subject to quarantine or
isolation orders from Federal, State, or Local governments due to the
COVID-19 outbreak.  Please see the poster issued by the U.S.
Department of Labor.
There
are six qualifying reasons for using the government provided Sick Pay.
There are also six new leave charge numbers in the timesheet program
which correspond to the qualifying reasons.  If you have a qualifying
reason, please send me an email with justification for using the
government provided Sick Pay and let me know which Sick Pay account
number you will be charging.  Below are the government provided reasons
and the corresponding leave account number to use on the timesheets.
1.
is subject to a Federal, State, or local quarantine or isolation order
related to COVID-19:  Use Account Number 0239-001-00 on your timesheet.2.
has been advised by a health care provider to self-quarantine related
to COVID-19: Use Account Number 0239-002-00 on your timesheet.3. is experiencing COVID-19 symptoms and is seeking a medical diagnosis: Use Account Number 0239-003-00 on your timesheet.4.
is caring for an individual subject to an order described in (1) or
self-quarantine as described in (2): Use Account Number 0239-004-00 on
your timesheet.5. is caring for his or her
child whose school or place of care is closed (or child care provider is
unavailable) due to COVID-19 related reasons: Use Account Number
0239-005-00 on your timesheet.6. is
experiencing any other substantially-similar condition specified by the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Use Account Number
0239-006-00 on your timesheet.
For more questions and answers to the new law, please see the following: https://www.dol.gov/agencies/whd/pandemic/ffcra-questions
Aegir’s Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Aegir adheres to FAR 52.203-13 Code of Business Ethics and Conduct that is available to each employee engaged in performance of contracts.
Aegir’s Compliance with Combating Trafficking in Persons
Aegir is in compliance with the Plan for Combating Trafficking in Persons according to FAR 52.222-50. Specifically:
(i) An awareness program to inform Aegir’s employees
about the Government’s policy prohibiting trafficking-related
activities, the activities
prohibited, and the actions that will be taken against the employee for violations.
(ii) A process for employees
to report, without fear of retaliation, activity inconsistent with the
policy prohibiting trafficking in persons, including a means to make
available to all
employees the hotline phone number of the Global Human Trafficking Hotline at 1-844-888-FREE and its email address at help@befree.org.
(iii) A recruitment and wage plan that only permits the use of recruitment companies with trained employees, prohibits charging recruitment fees to the employee or potential employee, and ensures that wages meet applicable host-country legal requirements or explains any variance.
(iv) A housing plan when Aegir intends to provide or arrange housing, that ensures that the housing meets host-country housing and safety standards.
(vii) Posting – Aegir posts the relevant contents of the compliance plan on its website.
Aegir can provide the Aegir’s compliance plan to its contracting officers upon request.
(viii) Certification – (A)
Aegir complies with the reporting requirements of each contracting officer and will provide the compliance plan after receiving an award. The submission certifies that Aegir has implemented a compliance plan to prevent any prohibited activities and to monitor, detect, and terminate any agent, subcontract, or subcontractor employee
engaging in prohibited activities; and (B) After having conducted due diligence, either
to the best of the Contractor’s knowledge and belief, neither it nor any of its agents, subcontractors, or their agents is engaged in any such activities; or if
abuses relating to any of the prohibited activities have been found, the Contractor or subcontractor has taken the appropriate remedial and referral actions.
Aegir’s Privacy Policy
Aegir operates http://www.aegir.com.
(the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the
collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of
the Site.  We use your Personal
Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you
agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use – While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data – Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze traffic to the site.
Communications – We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information.
Cookies – Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
Security – The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes To This Privacy Policy – This Privacy Policy is effective as of Feb 6, 2020 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Contact Us
Address
2140 Eastman Ave., #106, Ventura, CA 93003
Hours: Monday—Friday: 8:00AM–5:00PM
Phone: (805) 765-4146
Fax: (805) 765-4148
Facebook
https://twitter.com/aegirsystems