https://www.epis.us/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Protecting the rights of our website visitors is important to us. Therefore, we want to disclose any information we collect when you visit our site as well as how we use it. At any time, we have the right to amend or modify this Privacy Statement. Please feel free to check this page periodically for updated privacy policies.
Disclaimer
We are committed to using appropriate security measures to protect the personal information of website visitors. However, our security measures are not guaranteed. We do not guarantee the privacy of any information that is communicated or transferred over the Internet. We do exercise strong efforts to validate the material within our website for accuracy, credibility and reliability, but we cannot represent or guarantee the information to be exact or accurate. All medical related information within this website is not intended to be a substitute for professional health care advice, diagnosis or treatment.
Your Privacy
We uphold the privacy of users and website visitors and commit to obeying applicable laws involving the release of personal information. There may be instances in which we utilize certain information that you submit through our contact form to provide you with material about products, services and other pertinent data that we believe may interest you. If you prefer not to receive this information, we will respect your wishes and remove your information from our lists or modify your existing information as you desire. You can trust that the data you send to us will be held in strict confidence and only used for business purposes. Personal data is never shared without permission or required by law.
Information Collected
We use standard analytics to monitor our website traffic.
Our analytics system is designed to collect information about the origin and site navigation of website visitors on a regularly scheduled basis. Information collected may include but is not limited to IP address, pages visited or browser history, as well as data regarding your browser type and operating system. This information is not utilized for personal identification, rather it is a way to help us stay up-to-date on user patterns and improve the site. We refrain from collecting personal or identifying information, including your name, email or address unless you submit your personal information via our website contact form based on a specific request you have for service or information. Other than our digital marketing company who help us interpret our analytics data, we do not give, share, or sell any personal information to a third party unless required by law.
Our Use of Cookies
We may send one or more “cookies” to your computer or other device when you first visit a website. This is a small file that lets us know when you return to the site. The use of cookies allows us to continually modify and improve our website, as it reveals how often you visit as well as what information is most appealing to you. If you prefer, you can choose the option to reset your browser and refuse cookies from our site or accept them individually to your device or computer. If you disable cookies, you may find that you have limited use of our website features.
External Links
Some pages within this website are linked to third-party websites. We do not control and are not responsible for the content of these linked sites, nor have we necessarily reviewed them for accuracy. Third-party links do not denote endorsement or reliability of any service, information or products offered on our site.
Empire Pacific Investigative Services
1117 Sherbourne Dr.West Hollywood, CA 90069
Opening Times:
Monday - Friday
9:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Call us (310) 657-3747
Contact Us
Verified by
Find Local Contractors
Empire Pacific Investigative Services Inc., established in 1993 by three retired U.S. Federal Special Agents, offers a diverse range of investigative services individually tailored to our clients' specific needs. Throughout its years of service, EPIS has enjoyed an enviable reputation based on dedication to client service. Each member of our staff is highly skilled, thereby ensuring a knowledgeable team proficient in every phase of the investigative field.
Empire Pacific Investigative Services
Private Investigator Beverly Hills
Call us (310) 657-3747
Contact Us
Alberto R.
I highly recommend Mike and
Empire Pacific Investigative Services.
They are true professionals and the only ones I will contact should the need arise!
The attention to detail is second to none!
Maria A.
I was very satisfied with the professional help That Empire Pacific gave me in handling my case. His information was timely and to the point. I would highly recommend him for any and all investigative assistance. He is the best!
Wolfgang R.
Great Service. I am so happy I founded this company. They helped me out in my time of need.
Brittany L.
I was happy with the service provided. I had quick updates as the matter went forward and I would say five stars of service
Thandi M.
We have used Empire Pacific Investigative Services for three decades. Their work is exemplary; reports are perfect and their testimony is very professional, with great judge and jury appeal. We will not use anyone else for our investigations.
Mary H.
It has been my pleasure to work with Empire Pacific Investigative Services over the past 10 plus years on many investigations as well as other security related matters.
When I need answers and I need them fast I know that a simple call will get me answers that are succinct, current and coming from a supremely knowledgeable source.
Martyna R.
Your service exceeded all our expectations.
You are everything one hopes a true professional in this field of work would be:
honest, direct, straightforward, responsive, knowledgeable and lightening fast.
We would highly recommend your services to anyone with no hesitation.
Anthony E.
If you are looking for an experienced private investigator in California then you've found it. These P.I.'s know what they are doing. I look forward for the same commitment level in future from these guys.
Load more reviews
Write a review
Write a review
Name (required)
Email (required)
Rate your experience (required)---5 stars4 stars3 stars2 stars1 star
Describe your experience (required)
All reviews
Alberto R.I highly recommend Mike and
Empire Pacific Investigative Services.
They are true professionals and the only ones I will contact should the need arise!
The attention to detail is second to none!Maria A.I was very satisfied with the professional help That Empire Pacific gave me in handling my case. His information was timely and to the point. I would highly recommend him for any and all investigative assistance. He is the best!Wolfgang R.Great Service. I am so happy I founded this company. They helped me out in my time of need.Brittany L.I was happy with the service provided. I had quick updates as the matter went forward and I would say five stars of serviceThandi M.We have used Empire Pacific Investigative Services for three decades. Their work is exemplary; reports are perfect and their testimony is very professional, with great judge and jury appeal. We will not use anyone else for our investigations.Mary H.It has been my pleasure to work with Empire Pacific Investigative Services over the past 10 plus years on many investigations as well as other security related matters.
When I need answers and I need them fast I know that a simple call will get me answers that are succinct, current and coming from a supremely knowledgeable source. Martyna R.Your service exceeded all our expectations.
You are everything one hopes a true professional in this field of work would be:
honest, direct, straightforward, responsive, knowledgeable and lightening fast.
We would highly recommend your services to anyone with no hesitation.Anthony E.If you are looking for an experienced private investigator in California then you've found it. These P.I.'s know what they are doing. I look forward for the same commitment level in future from these guys.Suong N.Investigator Mike Hakimi provided me with very, very efficient services for my tenant problem.
The turn around time is less than 24 hrs and he got me everything that I requested at a very, very reasonable price.
I will definitely go to him again for my other investigation needs.Caterina C.I have dealt with many Private Investigators and this one is the finest I've ever dealt with. When I needed the information in a timely fashion, they acted immediately and the information was pertinent and a life-saver.They provided a professionally-written report at the conclusion of the investigation.Load more
Contact Us
Empire Pacific Investigative Services
1117 Sherbourne Dr.
West Hollywood,
CA 90069
Phone: (310) 657-3747
Opening Times:
Monday - Friday
9:00 AM - 7:00 PM
Empire Pacific Investigative Services Inc., established in 1993 by three retired U.S. Federal Special Agents, offers a diverse range of investigative services individually tailored to our clients' specific needs. Throughout its years of service, EPIS has enjoyed an enviable reputation based on dedication to client service. Each member of our staff is highly skilled, thereby ensuring a knowledgeable team proficient in every phase of the investigative field.
Contact Us
Sitemap
Services
Accessibility Policy
Links
Terms & Policy
Privacy Policy
SEO
© 2020 All Rights Reserved.