https://www.doi.gov/ocio/policy-mgmt-support/information-and-records-management/iq
Skip to main content
Share
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Reddit
Pinterest
DOI Information Quality Mission Statement
All information disseminated by the Department must comply with basic standards of quality to ensure and maximize its objectivity, utility, integrity, and quality. The Department will ensure that information disseminated will be developed from reliable methods and data sources and will otherwise ensure information quality at each stage of information development. The Department’s methods for producing quality information will be made transparent, to the maximum extent practicable, through:
Accurate documentation;
Use of appropriate internal and external review procedures;
Consultation with experts and users;
Verification of quality; and
And informing its users on corrections and revisions.
Information released by the Department will be developed only from reliable data sources based on accepted practices and policies, utilizing accepted methods for information collection and verification. It will be reproducible to the fullest extent possible. Influential information will be produced with a high degree of transparency about data and methods.
Information Quality Directives, Policies and Guidelines
The following list provides governing authorities for the Information Quality Act.
Office of Management and Budget (OMB) has issued "Guidelines for Ensuring and Maximizing the Quality, Objectivity, Utility, and Integrity of Information Disseminated by Federal Agencies."
The Office of Management and Budget directive, Final Information Quality Bulletin for Peer Review, dated December 15, 2004
Department of the Interior issued Information Quality Guidelines Pursuant to Section 515 of the Treasury and General Government Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2001
DOI Information Quality Act and Peer Review Departmental Manual is under development.
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
What is subject to IQ guidelines?
What is not subject IQ guidelines?
What is Peer Review?
What is Influential or Highly Influential?
What is an IQA request for correction and what is the process?
Information Quality Policy Contacts
Peer Review Agenda by Bureau and Office
Information Quality and Peer Review ReportsDOI Information Quality Act Correspondences - Response
Back to top
Back to Top