https://www.capgemini.com/terms-of-use/
Toggle menu
Industries
Automotive
Banking & Capital Markets
Consumer Products
Distribution – Wholesale
Electronics & High Tech
Energy and Utilities
Government & Public Sector
Healthcare & Life sciences
Insurance
Manufacturing & Industrial Products
Media & Entertainment
Retail
Telecoms
All Industries
Services
Artificial Intelligence
Applied Innovation
Business Operations
Unlock value through intelligent automation
Transform your finance operations
Retain and engage your employees
Optimize your supply chain and vendor performance
Reimagine your core insurance processes
Manage your contracts to capture lost revenue
Manage your risk and compliance effectively
Enrich your customer interactions
Gain more insights from your business analytics
Cloud Services
Cloud Strategy
Workloads Assessment
Migrating Workloads to the Cloud
SAP Migrations to the AWS Cloud
Implementing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)
Cloud-Native Applications (PaaS)
Capgemini Enterprise iPaaS
Capgemini Cloud Platform
Cybersecurity Services
Cloud Security
Cybersecurity Consulting
Cyber attack Simulation
Application Security Testing
Identity & Access Management
Capgemini’s IDaaS- Identity-as-a-Service
Security Operations Center
Future Ready EPaaS
Compliance & Risk
Cybersecurity Defense Maturity Evaluation
Cybersecurity Transformation Services
Network Security and Segmentation Service
Cybersecurity Device Management
Penetration Testing, Red Teaming, and Threat Simulation
Managed Detection and Response
Digital Services
Customer Experience
Digital Engineering and Manufacturing Services
Digital Manufacturing
Digital Strategy & Transformation
GDPR
Insights & Data
Intelligent Industry
Data-driven R&D for life sciences
Driving Automation Systems Validation
Solutions for the 5G and Edge revolution
Technology Solutions
Intelligent Automation
Infrastructure Services
Application Development & Maintenance Services
Testing Services
Transformation & Innovation
Brand & Experience
Future of Technology
Innovation and Strategy
Insight Driven Enterprise
Operations Transformation
People & Organization
All Services
Partners
Amazon Web Services
Dell Technologies
Google
HPE
IBM
Intel
Microsoft
Oracle
Pega
Salesforce
SAP
All our partners
Our Experts
Insights & News
About us
Our Company
Company Profile & Key Figures
Capgemini Invent
Sogeti
Technology, Innovations & Ventures
All Our Brands
A History of our Founder, Serge Kampf
Our Purpose
Values & Ethics
Our Code of Business Ethics
SpeakUp
Group Anti-Corruption Policy
World’s Most Ethical Companies® recognition
Our Corporate Social Responsibility Program
Rugby Sevens
Investors
Latest Annual Report
Our Offices
Contact us
Careers
Career paths
Join Capgemini Invent
Learning & Development
Diversity & Inclusion
Life at Capgemini
Employee stories
Job search
1) Acceptance
By accessing and browsing the Capgemini (the “Company”) website or by using and/or downloading any content from same, you agree and accept the Terms of Use as set forth below.
2) Purpose of the website
All the materials contained in the Company’s website are provided for informational purposes only and shall not be construed as a commercial offer, a license, an advisory, fiduciary or professional relationship between you and the Company. No information provided on this site shall be considered a substitute for your independent investigation.
The information provided on this website may be related to products or services that are not available in your country and/or will not be available at any time.
3) Availability of the website
The Company is not bound by any obligation of result regarding the availability of the website. The Company reserves the right (i) to modify, without any prior notice, the features of the website and/or (ii) to suspend, interrupt or limit the access to all or part of the website, without any prior notice, particularly for maintenance purposes.
4) Links to Third-Party Websites
Links to third-party websites are provided for convenience only and do not imply any approval or endorsement by the Company of the linked sites, even if they may contain the Company’s logo, as such sites are beyond the Company’s control. Thus, the Company cannot be held responsible for the content of any linked site or any link contained therein. Therefore, you should protect yourself against viruses, worms, Trojan horses and other potentially destructive programs that may be present on third-party websites. And you are responsible for checking and complying with terms of use applicable to these third-party websites.
You acknowledge that framing the Company’s website or any similar process is prohibited.
5) Intellectual Property
This website is protected by intellectual property rights including but not limited to trademarks, copyright, designs, sui generis right of the database producer, etc. and is the exclusive property of the Company.
Any material that it contains, including, but not limited to, texts, data, graphics, pictures, sounds, videos, logos, icons or html code is protected under intellectual property law and remains the Company or third party’s property.
You may copy, download and print off  this material for personal and non-commercial purposes in accordance with the principles governing intellectual property laws. Any other use of the content of the Company’s website without the Company’s prior written authorization is prohibited. Therefore, you must not modify any material from the Company’s website in any way.
Non-compliance with the above-mentioned prohibitions may constitute an act of counterfeiting and/or unfair competition engaging your civil and/or criminal liability.
The Company’s Registered Trademarks include but are not limited to the following:
Rightshore®
Collaborative Business Experience (logo) ® Capgemini ® , its logo and the spade
Sogeti logo
All other trademarks not owned by the Company that appear on the Company’s website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Company. You should require specific authorization to use for any purpose any of the trademarks owned by the Company or any third party.
If you become aware of any violation of the Company’s intellectual property rights, or you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed by any material from the Company’s website, please send an email to intellectualpropertyrights@capgemini.com.
Please be sure to include as many details as possible (for example: a description of the allegedly infringed intellectual property rights, a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located, etc.) and note that we will not open attachments under any circumstances.
6) Warranty and Liability
All materials, including downloadable software, contained in the Company’s website is provided «as is» and without warranty of any kind to the extent allowed by the applicable law. The Company does not guarantee in any way uninterrupted access to the Company’s website.While the Company will use reasonable efforts to provide reliable information through its website, the Company does not warrant that this website is free of inaccuracies, errors and/or omissions, viruses, worms, Trojan horses and the like, or that its content is appropriate for your particular use or up to date, and the Company reserves the right to change the information at any time without notice. The Company does not warrant any results derived from the use of any material, including downloadable software, available on this site.
You are solely responsible for any use of the materials contained in this site.
The information contained in this site does not extend or modify the warranty that may apply to you as a result of a contractual relationship with the Company.The Company will not be liable for any indirect, consequential or incidental damages, including but not limited to lost profits or revenues, business interruption, loss of data arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or reliance on any material contained in this site or any linked site.
In any event, the liability of the Company for direct damages arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or reliance on any material contained in this site or any linked site shall not exceed the amount of Euros 1,000.
7) Online Privacy Policy – Use of Cookies
Please check our Online Privacy Policy
8) Users’ Comments
The Company does not assume any obligation to monitor the information that you may post on its website.
You warrant that any information, Materials (the term “Material” is intended to cover all projects, files or other attachments sent to us) or comments other than personal data, that you may transmit to the Company through the website does not infringe intellectual property rights or any other applicable law. Such information, Materials or comments, will be treated as non-confidential and non proprietary.You warrant that any information, Materials or comments, that you may transmit to the Company through the website do not affect the integrity and/or the security of the website, and in particular, do not contain any virus, worms, Trojan horses and other potentially destructive programs.
By submitting any information or material, you give the Company an unlimited and irrevocable license to use, copy, execute, show, display, modify and transmit such information, Material or comments, including any underlying idea, concept or know-how, in whole or in part, in any manner or medium. The Company reserves the right to use such information in any way it chooses.
9) Applicable law
Any controversy or claim arising out of or related to the Terms of Use shall be governed by French law. The Commercial Court of Paris will have exclusive jurisdiction.
10) Modifications of the Terms of Use
The Company reserves the right to change the Terms of Use under which this website is offered at any time and without notice. You will be automatically bound by these modifications when you use this site, and should periodically read the Terms of Use.
11) Nullity of a provision
If any term in this Terms of Use is, for any reason whatsoever, held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision of this Terms of Use.
Related Posts
Customer Experience
Marketing becomes connected in 2021
Dr. Thomas Dmoch
Date icon				December 11, 2020
Although in 2021 most of the CMO’s budget will continue to go into MarTech, 50% of CMOs...
Read more icon
Marketing becomes connected in 2021
Asset System
Smart grid or silly tube maps?
Date icon				December 11, 2020
Everyone who uses a public transportation system such as the London Underground intuitively...
Read more icon
Smart grid or silly tube maps?
Asset Management
What is an asset system for a network company?
Date icon				December 11, 2020
As the Institute of Asset Management (IAM) says in its widespread white paper “Asset...
Read more icon
What is an asset system for a network company?
Show all
Slideshare icon
Glassdoor icon
All rights reserved by Capgemini. Copyright © 2020
We respect your privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. They help us to improve site performance, present you relevant advertising and enable you to share content in social media.
You may accept all cookies, or choose to manage them individually. You can change your settings at any time by clicking Cookie Settings available in the footer of every page.
For more information related to the cookies, please visit our cookie policy.
Allow all cookies
Manage cookie settings
Decline all cookies
Accept only necessary cookies and close window