https://www.trienawear.com/terms-of-use
TERMS OF USE
Welcome to our website,  www.trienawear.com, and thank you for visiting! We are a dancewear company, proudly owned and operated by former professional ballet dancers since 1987.
Our website, http://www.trienawear.com (the “Website”) is operated by MBA Productions, Inc. and hosted on Wix.com, Inc. Wix.com, Inc. provides us with the online platform that allows us to showcase and sell our products and services to you.
Throughout the Website, the terms “MPI”, “we”, “us” and “our” refer to MBA Productions, Inc.
MPI offers the Website, including all information, tools and services available from this website to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. By visiting the Website and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply to all users of the Website, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the Website, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the Website or use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.  Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to the Website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.  You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the Website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws). A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
Intellectual Property
Trienawear®, Extensions®, and Entropy® are registered trademarks of MPI. MPI’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not MPIs, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits MPI. All other trademarks not owned by MPI or its subsidiaries that appear on the Website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by MPI or its subsidiaries.
Eligibility to Use
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use the Website.
Personal Information & Privacy
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information when making purchases on the Website. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed. MPI values and respects the privacy of all our visitors to the Website. Your submission of personal information through the Website is governed by our Privacy Policy.
Products or services
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the Website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.  We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on the Website is void where prohibited. We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time. We shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
Orders
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
Third Party
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third parties. Third-party links on the Website may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties.  We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third party.
User Comments, Feedback, and other Submissions
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, “comments”), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Service. You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third party.
Accuracy, Errors, Omissions and Timeliness of Information
Occasionally there may be information on the Website or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability.  We are not responsible if information made available on the Website is not accurate, complete or current. The material on the Website is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on the Website is at your own risk. The Website may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of the Website at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on the Website. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to the Website.
We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website,  should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
Prohibited Uses
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service, you are prohibited from using the Website or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or worms or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
Disclaimer of Warranties: Limitation of Liability
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the Service will be accurate or reliable. You agree that from time to time we may remove the Service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the Service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the Service is at your sole risk. The Service and all products and services delivered to you through the Service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided “as is” and “as available” for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall MBA Productions, Inc., our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the Service or any products procured using the Service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the Service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the Service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless MBA Productions, Inc. and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Severability
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
Termination
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes. These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using the Website. If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
General
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us on the Website or in respect to the Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.  These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide you the Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and of the United States.
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and changes to the Website. It is your responsibility to check the Website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Contact Information
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent by email to info@trienawear.com.0