http://www.yurcor.com/ClearPath/privacy.aspx
ClearPath - Privacy Policy
Welcome to ClearPath Pay
Welcome to ClearPath | Log In
Privacy Policy
ClearPath Workforce Management and Yurcor (hereinafter referred to as 'we' or 'our') know that you care how information about you is used and shared.
We appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.
This notice describes our privacy policy.
By visiting this website you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
ClearPath and Yurcor are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.
We do not sell, rent or share in any way its user information or data to third parties.
You can tell when another business is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that business.
Yurcor is not responsible for the privacy practices of ClearPath.
ClearPath is not responsible for the privacy practices of Yurcor.
Information Tracked
ClearPath and Yurcor collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our web site.
Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information.
Information entered into timesheets, expense reports, and other forms is kept secure and confidential.
Users may receive email reminders regarding the business processes outsourced through our software and services.
ClearPath and Yurcor sites may offer several opportunities for visitors to register for promotional and informational mailings or to receive assistance in evaluating our software and services.
We use this contact information to send users information about our company and its products and services.
Users may opt-out of receiving future promotional and informational mailings at any time.
This site contains links to other sites.
Yurcor is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies
Client-side cookies are used to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our website.
Client-side cookies are also used to track point of entry to point of registration for those users participating in our affiliate signup programs or to track and measure the success of a particular marketing campaign.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
ClearPath and Yurcor take care to reinforce the importance of our web site visitors' security and privacy among our employees.
We are constantly re-evaluating and deploying new technologies to enhance our security.
Opting Out
Our websites provide users the opportunity to opt-in and opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us.
This is made available during sign-up for our e-mail lists and in all marketing e-mail messages delivered from our company, or you can email us at admin@clearpathwm.com.
Once a user opts-out, the user will no longer receive future marketing communications.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
ClearPath - feedback | privacy | terms | support - or call 209-239-8700 or toll free 800-874-7837.