http://www.equipmentsearch.com/index/privacy
Username:
Password:
Please enter your Email address:
Home | Sign In |Lost Password? | Register
Post Ad
Browse Ads
About
Contact
Dealer
Commercial
Equipment
Truck
Trailer
Agriculture
Industrial
Residential
Vehicles
Outdoor Power
Lawn / Garden
Recreational
ATV
Motorcycle
Boating
Snowmobile
RV / Utility
Find A:
Sale Type
All Types
AuctionNewUsedRentSalvageAs isCustomer pre-ownedDemonstratorsNew non-currentRepossessed
All Categories
Equipment
Truck
Trailer
Agriculture
Industrial
Vehicles
Outdoor Power
Lawn / Garden
ATV
Motorcycle
Boating
Snowmobile
RV / Utility
IN
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Statement relates solely to the online information collection and use practices of our Web site located at www.Equipment Search.com (this "Web Site"), and o any subdomains of this Web Site (which are shown in the pulldown on the upper left hand side of this web page). We recognize that many visitors and users of this Web Site are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. This Privacy Statement, which may be updated from time to time, has been developed to address those concerns.
Personally Identifiable Information You Choose to Provide
We may ask for certain personal information from you for the purpose of providing to you content and/or services that you request.
We also request your name and e-mail address each time you contact us by clicking on the "Contact Us" link. Additionally inquires made from dealer ads and pages may be distributed to an agent authorized by said dealers. We may retain a record of users who have contacted us in order to respond properly to questions or concerns and for purposes of future communications
Non-Personally Identifiable Information We Collect
Cookies/ Web server logs: Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web Site utilizes standard technology called "cookies" and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web Site is used. Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on the user's hard drive. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web Site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web Site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis.
None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our Web Site will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. You should consult with your browser's provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
We use your personally identifiable information to provide you with the information or content that you have requested, and, in some cases, to contact you about our programs, products, features or services. If you no longer wish to receive press releases or any other type of information from us, you may send us an email through our "Contact Us" link or use our E-mail Contact form to change your preferences.
We use non-identifying information collected on our Web Site in the aggregate to better understand your use of the Web Site and to enhance your enjoyment and experience. For example, we may use the information to improve the design and content of our Web Site or to analyze the programs and services that we offer.
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Our employees, agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Statement.
We may provide access to your personally identifiable information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web Site, to limit our legal liability and protect our rights, or to protect the rights and safety of visitors to this Web Site or the public. In those instances, the information is provided only for that limited purpose.
We will not share your personally identifiable information in ways unrelated to those described above without providing you with an opportunity to opt out of such use or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
HOW DO YOU ACCESS AND/OR MODIFY YOUR INFORMATION OR CHOICES?
If you visit our Web Site and volunteer personally identifiable information, you may modify, update or delete such information at any time by visiting the E-mail Contact area where you may advise us of your changed preferences as to what information you want to receive from us. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases. In addition, please be aware that your ability to opt out from receiving marketing and promotional materials does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of our Web Site.
DATA SECURITY
We take reasonable steps to maintain the security of the personally identifiable information that we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as installing electronic security systems that guard against unauthorized access. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, so you do so at your own risk.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER
This Web Site represents companies that operate in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the appropriate company in the United States. By using our Web Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
LINKS
This Web Site contains links to third party sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party sites. Please also be aware that the privacy policies of third party sites may differ significantly from the privacy policy of this Web Site. Therefore, we encourage our users to read the privacy statement of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to information collected by this Web Site.
If you do not agree please close your browser.
Tips & Help
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with Us
Legal Bits
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Posting Policy
Services
New Dealer Sign-up
National Program
Simply Warranty
Frequently Asked Questions
How to post an effective ad
Where is my Ad?
How can I change my Ad?
How do I delete my Ad?
Partners
TurnKey Web Solutions
Copyright (c) 2020 Turn Key Web Solutions.com Inc. All rights reserved.