http://www.bagsdirect.co.uk/privacy-policy
jump to content
Menu
Home
About
Stock
Bags For Life
Barrel Bags
Beach/Tote Bags
Bike Bags
Book Bags
Bottle Coolbags
Bumbags
Business Bags & Organisers
Cable Tidy/Organizers
Camouflage Bags
Caps
Car Boot Tidy
Clear PVC Bags
Clipboard Folders
Conference Bags
Cool Bags
Cosmetic and Wash Bags
Cotton And Canvas Bags
Cotton Bags (Recycled)
Delegate Bags And Wallets
Denim-Look Bags
Digitally Printed Bags
Drawstring Backpacks/Duffle Bags
Dry Bags
Eco Friendly Shopping Bags
Fashion
Felt Bags
Flight and Camera Bags
Foldable Bags
Folders And Wallets
Garment Bags
Golfing Umbrellas
Hanging Wash Bags
High Visibility And Reflective Bags
Holdalls
Industrial/Bespoke Bags
Jute Bags
Kids Backpacks
Kit Bags
Laptop Bags
Leather-Look Bags
Lunch Bags
Messenger Bags
Metallic Bags
Neoprene Products
Non-Woven Partly Recyclable Bags
One-Strap Backpacks
Paper Carrier Bags
Pencil Cases And Sunglasses Pouch
Picnic Bags And BBQ Sets
Postage And Mail Bags
Record Bags
Retro and Vinyl Bags
Ripper Wallets
Roll-Top Bags
RPET Recycled Plastic Bottles Bags
Rucksacks
Safety And Document Wallets
School And College Bags
Shoe Bags
Shopping/Carrier Bags
Sports Bags
Tablet Products
Tarpaulin Bags
Travel Bags
Travel Wallets & Luggage Lables
Trendy Bags
Trolley Bags
USB Charge Point Bags
Weather-Proof Storm Bags
Wellington & Walking Boot Bags
What's New
Window Frame And Sample Bags
HW-6427S
Hanging Cosmetic Bag
Bespoke
Branding
Custom Made
Lead Times
Stock
Bespoke
Contact Us
Family-run Business
Custom-made Service Available
What you need to know about our website.
Privacy Policy
This site operates an “implied consent” policy for these cookies which assume the user has set their cookies on their browser to active. If you do not wish the site to use cookies, you can delete the cookies from your browser or set your browser to not use cookies.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small text file created by your browser and stored on the hard drive of your computer if you agree. There are two main types: Session and Non-session Cookies.
Non-session Cookies are a means of websites remembering information that would otherwise be lost when your browser is closed (as is the case for session cookies).
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
We use the following non-session cookies:
Analytical/performance cookies. These anonymous cookies allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More Information
__utma, __utmz,_ga
Google Analytics
These cookies are generated by Google Analytics for the purposes of analysing our website visitor statistics (e.g. how many visitors we have received, and which pages were most popular). The cookies are used purely for the assessment of the site's performance and do not contain any personalised information.
They can be deleted at any point without impacting your experience of the site.
Google Analytics
PHPSESSID
Website session cookie
This session cookie is used to determine if a user is logged into the site or not. It contains no personal information and is automatically destroyed as soon as the browser is closed.
cookiepolicy
Cookie Policy
Prevents the display of the cookie notification
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including session cookies) this may impede your usage of the site.
What our customers say
Thank you so much for creating the book bags for our annual conference. They were produced and delivered really quickly and looked very professional branded with our logo. They were very well received at the conference and we had many complimentary comments about them.
Louise Smith, Vision Express
Bags Direct offers a comprehensive product collection that is of a high quality and reasonably priced. The services offered are further enhanced by the prompt and efficient bespoke printing service. In short, it is a pleasure to work with Phil and the team.
Anne Welham, Marylebone Cricket Club
Who we've worked with
Previous
Next