http://www.fefco.org/privacy-policy-statement-fefco
Skip to main content
Privacy policy statement of FEFCO
Privacy policy statement of FEFCO
Our commitment to privacy
Your privacy is important to us. FEFCO is providing this notice to describe and explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The information we collect and how we collect it
In general, you can visit this web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you. Personal information like your name, postal address and e-mail address is obtained only when voluntarily submitted.
Personal data collected online may also be combined with information you provide to us through other sources such as product registration, or in conjunction with events such as trade shows, training seminars and conferences. Information that you supply will relate to the relationship that FEFCO has with you or your organization.
Web Server Logs
In the process of administering this site, we maintain and track usage through Web server logs. Web server logs provide information such as what types of browsers are accessing our site, what pages receive high traffic, and the times of day our servers experience significant load. We use this information to improve the content and navigation features of our site. Anonymized or aggregated forms of this data may be used to identify future features and functions to develop for the site and to provide better customer service.
Cookies
There are various technologies, including one called “cookies” which can be used to provide tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some FEFCO pages use cookies or other technologies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. For more information, please refer to user information provided with your Web browser.
Personalised URL links and personalised message content
Occasionally, we may create a unique web URL link for certain visitors. If you visit one of these sites, you may find forms that are already filled out with your name, or other types of information you have previously indicated an interest in, based on information you have given us before.
We may also personalize the content of newsletters, e-mail offers or invitations based on topics in which you have previously indicated an interest. We collect information about how you consume this type of personalized information in order to help us provide you with other information that is better tailored to your interests.
If you choose to visit one of these personalized web URL links, you are agreeing to allow FEFCO to collect information about your visits and also to associate that information with other information about you and your relationship with FEFCO. If you do not wish your information to be used in this way, do not accept the invitation to visit these sites.
How we use your information
FEFCO  may use your personal information to:
Provide information you request
Make the Web site easier for you to use
Help us customize content most relevant to your interests
Notify you about important news concerning FEFCO
Notify you of events you may be interested in
We do analyze some of our Web services such as registrations, demos, downloads, and e-mail responses at the individual level in order to improve the quality of those offerings and to better tailor our response to our visitors’ needs.
FEFCO reserves the right to disclose any and all pertinent information to law enforcement or other governmental officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
Choice / Opt-out
FEFCO offers you the choice of receiving different types of communication and information. You may subscribe to e-newsletters or other publications; you may also elect to receive marketing communications from us via e-mail. If at any time you would like to change your communication preferences, we provide unsubscribe links and an opt-out mechanism for your convenience.
Our commitment to data security
FEFCO is concerned about the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
External links
Links to third-party Web sites from this Web site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this site. We have not reviewed these third-party sites and do not control them. FEFCO does not assume responsibility for any of these sites, their content, or their privacy policies. FEFCO does not endorse or make any representations about them or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this site, you do so at your own risk.
Changes to this statement
If there are updates to the terms of FEFCO online Privacy Statement, we will post those changes here and update the revision date in this document so that you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. Your continued use of FEFCO web site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Statement means you accept those changes.
Your acceptance of the terms
By using FEFCO  Web site, you signify your assent to this Privacy Statement.
How to contact us
Should you have comments or questions about this Privacy Statement, you may use our contact details.