http://www.marklewis.tv/website-usage-policies
Experienced professional video filming and editing
Home
About
Production Style
Coverage
Editing
Filming
Sample
Videos
Page One
Page Two
Presentation
Pricing
Testimonials
Happy Customers
FAQ
Enquiries +
Website Usage Policies
Website Usage Terms & ConditionsPrivacy NoticeWebsite DisclaimerCopyright NoticeEmail Disclaimer Website Usage Terms & ConditionsWelcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Mark Lewis Videography’s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.The term ‘Mark Lewis Videography’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 7 Keats Avenue, Sutton-in-Ashfield, NG17 2GH. Our company registration number is. The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences. If you do allow cookies to be used, the following personal information may be stored by us for use by third parties: social media, analytics, advertising, etc..Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Privacy NoticeWho we are?The Data Controller for the purposes of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is known as Mark Lewis Videography, 7 Keats Avenue, Sutton-in-Ashfield, NG17 2GH, England. The Data Subject for the purposes of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is known as the user / subscriber of this website.Mark Lewis Videography is committed to maintaining trust and confidence of the visitors to its website. We will not sell, rent or trade email lists with other companies. Within this Privacy Policy, we’ve tried to provide information on when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, and the limited conditions which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.What information do we collect?Personal information that has been collected from the user’s use of our forms or contact information, such as names, addresses, email, telephone number, are for the purpose only of discussing future business with us. Such information will be secure and not passed onto others.CookiesWhat are cookies?This website uses cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files that are generated when you browse a website and placed on your computer or device when a user visits our website. They remain on your device until they are deleted or disabled, which you may do.They help with user preferences. They also aid us in understanding the users interests which in turn helps us move this business forward. They can also be used by Third Parties for the same purposes. All Third Parties used on this website are listed in this privacy policy.Cookies gather information about a user and their browsing habits, such as pages viewed and time spent viewing, and generally monitors their journey around this website. They provide helpful information on how this business might improve and helps with targeting advertising demographics.Information collectedWe do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details.How are cookies managed?The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our websites are designed by: third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and third parties who broadcast web banner advertisements on behalf of Mark Lewis Videography.How do I disable cookies?If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you do this will depend on the browser you use.What happens if I disable cookies?This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off. If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our sites. If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our sites.AnalyticsFrom time-to-time, we might engage in advertising via Google Adwords, Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and other social media ads. This uses Third Party monitoring tools such as Google Analytics, Facebook pixel, etc. to collect standard internet information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.NewslettersWe might engage in a periodical e-newsletter, which collects personal information for opt-in subscriptions. These newsletters are for the benefit of the subscribed user or past or present customer to inform them about updates to our service; future offers, or news in general about what we are up to. We don't rent or trade email lists with other organisations and businesses.We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails or by emailing us directly.How do we use personal information?Personal information provided to us is for the use of our possible business’ contract with the customer for the providing of goods and services.Third PartiesAt the time of writing this, September 2019, we are only using Squarespace website builder’s Analytics, and Google Analytics, and MailChimp analytics to help us build our business. We intend to engage in social media analytics in the future for advertising purposes. None of this information contains any personalised information, and is anonymised personal information. It merely tells us what demographics are more likely to use our service.When we engage with other Third Parties, such as a Popup advert that monitors behaviour, we will give details of that Third Party.What legal basis do we have for processing your personal data?Personal details, such as names and addresses, are provided within forms and email are given by the user within enquiries for our services. Information that is given is understood to be conscientious.How do we secure personal data?Email addresses and personal details collected via our form and email sent to us are held with Squarespace, Gmail, MailChimp servers. Copies of emails are held on our computers are as secure as possible using Windows antivirus, malware, etc. software, or with the built-in security of Apple computers.How long do we keep your personal data for?Personal information such as contact information will be kept for marketing purposes until the user requests to not be contacted with any future marketing or promotion. The same applies to subscriptions to blogs, newsletters, etc. only contact details such as email addresses, etc. will be kept until the user unsubscribes.Personal InformationYou are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold.How to contact us?If you have any concerns about your privacy, or this privacy policy, you may get in touch and ask us using any of our contact details. Website DisclaimerThe information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Mark Lewis Videography and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Mark Lewis Videography. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Mark Lewis Videography takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control. Copyright NoticeThis website and its content is copyright of Mark Lewis Videography - © Mark Lewis Videography 2018. All rights reserved.Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use onlyyou may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the materialYou may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system. Email DisclaimerThis email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended solely for the use of the individual to whom it is addressed. Any views or opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent those of Mark Lewis Videography.If you are not the intended recipient of this email, you must neither take any action based upon its contents, nor copy or show it to anyone.Please contact the sender if you believe you have received this email in error.