http://www.powertynan.com.au/privacy-policy
Toowoomba | Roma | Stanthorpe | Brisbane
Facebook Google+ Twitter LinkedIn Phone Mail
Home
Services
Our Services
Taxation Solutions
Business Advisory Solutions
Leasing & Finance Solutions
Superannuation Solutions
Audit
Our Team
Taxation & Business Advisory Team
Our Advisers
Our Accountants
Superannuation Team
Leasing & Finance Team
Board of Directors
Audit
Internal Operations
Administration Team
News
COVID-19
JobKeeper 2.0
Additional Grants Announced
HomeBuilder Scheme Announced
JobKeeper: Monthly Reporting Now Open
Our Return to the Office
JobKeeper – Now you are enrolled, what are the next steps?
JobKeeper Webinar
COVID-19 Stimulus and Support Measures: What You Can Access & How
JobKeeper Payment
COVID-19 Finance Options - Our Finance & Leasing Team are here to help!
$1,500 JobKeeper Subsidy to Keep Staff Employed
Stimulus Summary
APPLICATIONS NOW OPEN: QLD COVID-19 Jobs Support Loans
UPDATE: Coronavirus QLD Payroll Tax Relief
COVID-19 Changes - Hospitality Industry (General) Award 2010
COVID-19 Small Business Relief
The Second $66.1bn Stimulus Package: What You Need To Know
Queensland Payroll Tax Support For Businesses Affected By COVID-19
A message from PT regarding COVID-19
The Stimulus Package: What You Need To Know
Coronavirus – What Are Your Obligations As An Employer?
News
First Home Loan Deposit Scheme (New Homes)
Budget 2020-2021 Update
Lachlan Hughes Foundation - Maranoa Grazier Awarded Inaugural Scholarship
New Gift Card Laws from 1st November 2019
Small Business Digital Grants Program 2018
Taxation of Cryptocurrencies - What You Need to Know
Power Tynan wins prestigious industry awards
Power Tynan receives national recognition for scholarship program
Young accountants and the future of our profession
Charitable Trust supports Stanthorpe Hospital Initiative
Power Tynan Recognised at Australian Accounting Awards
Power Tynan Announces Appointment of New Directors
Local accountants boost Rosie’s Street Outreach
Power Tynan kick off Homeless for a Week Appeal
Nixie touches number-crunchers' hearts
Celebrating the new year
Toowoomba accountants take national community award
First-hand experience in Flying Doctor donation
Toowoomba girl’s career on the money
Donation helps homeless youth to a happier Christmas
Hairy accountants raise $7,000 for Movember
CareFlight lifted by Power Tynan donation
Power Tynan charity supports youth in need
Funding boost for Toowoomba Hospice
Celebrating growth at Power Tynan
Newsletters
Powerline - Summer 2020
My Say with Dan Beck
Employee Assistance Program
PT Business Learning Suite
Donation to Lachlan Hughes Foundation
HomeBuilder Grant – Extension Announced!
Tax deductions for investing in your business
Market Update with Stan Moffatt
QLD Stamp Duty Exemptions Available for Small Business Restructures
Team Anniversaries - Summer 2020
Donation to Murdoch Children’s Research Institute
Refunds for Tax Losses
Staff Spotlight - Summer 2020
Powerline - Winter 2020
My Say with Paul Hilton
EOFY Equipment Finance Needs: Our Finance & Leasing Team Are Here To Help!
1 July Changes: What You Need to Know
HomeBuilder Scheme Announced
Market Update with Stan Moffatt
Have casual workers been granted annual leave?
Team Anniversaries
1 July Company Tax Rate Reduction
Audit Shield: Now Covering JobKeeper Audits & Reviews
SMSF Audits after COVID-19
Client Corner - Better Movement Clinic
Getting past the "you don't know, what you don't know" barrier
Staff Spotlight
Powerline - Summer 2019
My Say with Amanda Kenafake
Acacia EAP – Employee Assistance Program
ATO Returning Money from Inactive Super Accounts
No More AUSKeys from 31 March 2020
Concessional Loan Scheme for Drought-Hit Small Businesses
5 Things that will Make or Break your Business’s Christmas
Drought Community Support Initiative
New Gift Card Laws from 1st November 2019
Granite Belt Drought Assist
Christmas Eve Part-Day Public Holiday
Bushfire Relief from ATO Obligations
Staff Spotlight
Powerline - Spring 2019
My Say with Paul Hilton - Spring 2019
Acacia EAP – Employee Assistance Program
Wings4Kidz
Australian Government On-Farm Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate
Charitable Trust Supports Local Cancer Initiative
Superannuation Guarantee Amnesty
PT Pyjama Party
Personal Leave for Part-Time Employees
Changes to Farm Household Allowance
Client Corner – AgBiTech
Charitable Trust Supports Local Youth
What is the new Banking Code of Practice?
Staff Spotlight - Spring 2019
Powerline - Summer 2018
My Say with Amanda Kenafake
Charitable Trust Lights the Night
Client Corner - Suncoast Fresh
Christmas Celebrations and The Grinch (Tax Man)!
Team Anniversaries
Charitable Trust Supports Toowoomba Hospice
Staff Spotlight
Powerline - Our 100th Edition
My Say with Gilda Brisotto
Helping Hope Horizons
Client Corner – Carnarvon Funeral Services
ATO Targeting Travel Allowances
Charitable Trust Supports Granite Belt Support Services
Team Anniversaries
Introducing PT 2.0
Charitable Trust Donates to Hummingbird House
Taxation of Cryptocurrencies - What You Need to Know
Power Tynan - Your Small Business Specialist
Empowered Business Growth Program
Staff Spotlight
Powerline - Autumn 2018
My Say with Brad Hancock
Charitable Trust’s Top Donation
Single Touch Payroll – are you ready?
Client Corner – Crisp’s Coaches
Charitable Trust – Donation Tap Points
Xero Heroes: Platinum Partner
Year End Planning – Super Strategies to Start Now
Team Anniversaries - Autumn 2018
Digital Document Delivery – Send and Receive Documents Online
Staff Spotlight - Autumn 2018
Powerline - Summer 2017
My Say with Sharon Baldwin
Charitable Trust supports Share the Dignity
Houses really are SUPER
Client Corner - Withcott Seedlings
Small Business Superannuation Clearing House joining ATO online services
Team Anniversaries - Summer 2017
Changes to Depreciating Asset and Travel Deductions
Staff Spotlight - Summer 2017
Powerline - Spring 2017
My Say with Amanda Kenafake
Paul Hilton's New Role at Power Tynan
Charitable Trust Creating Brighter Futures
Introducing Magnify Wealth
Charitable Trust Supports Local School Initiative
Client Corner - Powercat
Charitable Trust Making Wishes Come True
Business Excellence Awards
Thank you for supporting Homeless for a Night!
Staff Spotlight - Spring 2017
Powerline - Winter 2017
My Say with Paul Hilton
Charitable Trust supports local rescue
Staff Anniversaries - Winter 2017
Interest-only Mortgages
Client Corner - Big Tyre
Charitable Trust pays respect to local hero
Staff Spotlight - Winter 2017
Powerline - Autumn 2017
My Say with Amanda Kenafake
Charitable Trust supports the homeless
Staff Anniversaries - Autumn 2017
Shopping for a “luxury car”?
Beware of the luxury car tax!
Client Corner - i3 Consulting
Are Debtors Costing You?
Charitable Trust shows Christmas Spirit
Staff Spotlight - Autumn 2017
Powerline - Summer 2016
My Say with Dan Beck
Charitable Trust Hiking for Homeless
Staff Anniversaries - Summer 2016
Household Living Expenses
Client Corner – Local Appliance Rentals
Certainty in Superannuation Legislation Changes
Charitable Trust supports Beyond Blue
Staff Spotlight - Summer 2016
Powerline - Spring 2016
My Say with Gilda Brisotto
Charitable Trust Lighting the Night for Leukaemia Foundation
Staff Anniversaries - Spring 2016
Deceased Estates: Things You Need to Know
Client Corner – Licensing for Accountants
How to Effectively Improve Your Profit
Charitable Trust celebrates 20 Years of Toowoomba Clubhouse
Online Payment Gateway Now Available!
Staff Spotlight - Spring 2016
Powerline - Winter 2016
My Say with Brad Hancock
Charitable Trust Donates to Stanthorpe Cancer Support Group
Is Inefficient Bookkeeping Costing Your Business?
Client Corner - Rangeland Quality Meats
Charitable Trust Boosts Lifeline Initiative
New Year's Resolutions For Your Business
Staff Spotlight - Winter 2016
Powerline - Autumn 2016
My Say with Sharon Baldwin
Charitable Trust supports cause close to home
NBN in Rural Areas
Staff Anniversaries - Autumn 2016
Changing House: Changing Loan
Client Corner - Best Wilson Buckley Family Law
Charitable Trust supports Mater Little Miracles
Accountancy Insurance
Staff Spotlight - Autumn 2016
Powerline - Spring 2015
My Say with Amanda Kenafake
Power Tynan Adopts a Room
Staff Anniversaries - Spring 2015
Client Corner – Herron Todd White
Power Tynan kicks off Homeless for a Week Appeal
Maximise your Rental Property Claims
Staff Spotlight - Spring 2015
Powerline - Summer 2015
My Say - Christmas Special with Paul Hilton
Charitable Trust boosts Rosie's Street Outreach
Do you have sufficient assets to fund your lifestyle in retirement?
Staff Anniversaries - Summer 2015
Client Corner - Sharpe Workplace Solutions
Charitable Trust supports Stanthorpe Hospital Initiative
Staff Spotlight - Summer 2015
Powerline - Winter 2015
My Say with Paul Hilton
Staff Anniversaries - Winter 2015
Client Corner - Street Art Wheels
Making a Splash with a Dash of Cash
Changes to Toowoomba Client Parking
Vale Jean Harslett
Power Tynan Charitable Trust - Donation to RSPCA
Unleashed - Introduction to Just-In-Time Inventory
Staff Spotlight - Winter 2015
Powerline - Autumn 2015
My Say with Philip Saal
Toowoomba accountants take national community award
First-hand experience in Flying Doctor donation
Staff Anniversaries - Autumn 2015
Donation helps homeless youth to a happier Christmas
Honour for our latest graduate
Client Corner – Pink Poppies
Staff Spotlight - Autumn 2015
Powerline - Summer 2014
My Say with Paul Hilton
Charitable Trust keeps on giving
Power Tynan staff supporting our community
Staff Anniversaries
Client Corner – Heron Eyecare
Staff Spotlight - Summer 2014
Powerline - Spring 2014
My Say with Justin Still
Celebrating Growth at Power Tynan
Power Tynan joins TSBE's growing Platinum Member base
Power Tynan Charitable Trust
Staff Member Anniversaries
Lachlan & Anna Hughes – MLA Challenge
Power Tynan – Accounting Software Support List
Power Tynan celebrates new scholarship graduate
Client Corner – Greg & Sally Parr
Toowoomba Hospice - Hang Ya Boss Out to Dry
Staff Spotlight - Spring 2014
Powerline - Winter 2014
My Say with Amanda Kenafake
CEO Address
Walker Wayland conference
Power Tynan Charitable Trust
Staff Member Anniversaries
Congratulations – Tim Matthews
Client Corner – Kris George
Staff Spotlight – Winter 2014
Powerline - Summer 2013
My Say with Philip Saal
How long does it take to earn the price of a beer?
How will my staff affect my succession plan?
SMSF & Borrowing – Understanding the Risks
When can I access my SMSF?
Why 2014 is the time to invest into residential property in South East Queensland
Loan Scams
Client Corner – Rudd’s Pub
Tax Tidbits
Staff Spotlight – Summer 2013
Archives
Community
Community Involvement
Power Tynan Charitable Trust
Power Tynan Scholarship Program
Careers
Positions Available
Power Tynan Scholarship Program
Client Portal
Client Portal
VIRTUAL CABINET CLIENT PORTAL LOG-IN
Download Power Tynan QuickSupport
Class
Important Links
Power Tynan QuickJoin
Quick Support Mac
Contact Us
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
POWER TYNAN PRIVACY POLICY
1. INTRODUCTION
1.1 Power Tynan (being Power Tynan Pty Ltd ACN 605 475 849, PT Consolidated Pty Ltd ACN 606 605 681, PT Audit Pty Ltd ACN 606 605 967, PT Group Finance Pty Ltd ACN 126 335 224, PT Group Investments Pty Ltd ACN 605 252 588, PTCT Pty Ltd ACN 142 161 171, MagWealth (QLD) Pty Ltd ACN 616 916 851, PT 2.0 Pty Ltd ACN 627 038 108 and TAS Consulting Group Pty Limited ACN 618 613 835) (Power Tynan) offers accounting and financial services in Australia.
1.2 In the course of our business in Australia, we collect personal information. This privacy policy has been developed to ensure that such information is handled appropriately.
1.3 We are committed to complying with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) in relation to all personal information we collect. Our commitment is demonstrated in this policy. The Privacy Act incorporates the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs). The APPs set out the way that personal information must be treated.
1.4 This privacy policy also incorporates our policy on managing credit information (see particularly section 7.4onwards).
Who does the privacy policy apply to?
1.5 This policy applies to any person in relation to whom we currently hold, or may in the future collect, personal information.
What information does the privacy policy apply to?
1.6 This policy applies to personal information. In broad terms, 'personal information' is information or opinions relating to a particular individual who can be identified.
1.7 Information is not personal information where the information cannot be linked to an identifiable individual.
2. HOW DO WE MANAGE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
2.1 We manage the personal information we collect in numerous ways, such as by:
(a) implementing procedures for identifying and managing privacy risks;
(b) implementing security systems for protecting personal information from misuse, interference and loss from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure;
(c) providing staff with training on privacy issues;
(d) appropriately supervising staff who regularly handle personal information;
(e) implementing mechanisms to ensure any agents, contractors or service providers who deal with us comply with the APPs;
(f) implementing procedures for identifying and reporting privacy breaches and for receiving and responding to complaints;and
(g) appointing a privacy officer within the business to monitor privacy compliance.
2.2 Subject to our professional obligations, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or de-identify personal information if that information is no longer needed for the purposes for which we are authorised to use it.
2.3 In limited circumstances, it may be possible for you to use a pseudonym or remain anonymous when dealing with us. If you wish to use a pseudonym or remain anonymous you should notify us when making first enquiries or providing initial instructions. We will use our best endeavours to deal with your request, subject to our professional obligations and ability to perform the financial or accounting service for you without using your name. In most cases, our professional obligations will require you to deal with us using your real name.
3.WHAT KINDS OF INFORMATION DO WECOLLECT AND HOLD?
Personal information
3.1 The personal information we may collect and hold about you differs, depending on whether you are a customer, service provider, contractor, agent or a prospective employee or prospective service provider or contractor, but may include:
(a) sensitive information (see below);
(b) contact information;
(c) financial information;
(d) date and place of birth;
(e) employment arrangements and history;
(f) tax returns and tax file numbers;
(g) insurance information;
(h) credit information;
(i) banking details; and
(j) any other personal information required to perform the financial or accounting service for you or engage you.
Sensitive information
3.2 ‘Sensitive information’ is a subset of personal information and includes personal information that may have serious ramifications for the individual concerned if used inappropriately.
3.3 Wemay collect sensitive information if it is relevant in providing accounting or financial services (such ascompleting tax returns) or engaging you, which may include any of the following:
(a) health information;
(b) racial or ethnic origin;
(c) criminal records;
(d) membership of professional or trade associations;
(e) membership of trade unions;
(f) genetic information; and
(g) biometric information.
3.4 We will not collect sensitive information without the individual’s consent to which the information relates unless permitted under the Privacy Act.
4. HOW AND WHEN DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
4.1 Our usual approach to collecting personal information is to collect it directly from the individual concerned directly and through our website.
4.2 We may also collect personal information in other ways, such as:
(a) from government bodies (such as the Australian Taxation Office and the Australian Securities and Investment Commission);
(b) from paid search providers and public registers;
(c) through referrals from individuals or other entities;
(d) from your other advisers;
(e) from our related entities;
(f) from banks and financial institutions;
(g) from other credit providers;
(h) through marketing and business development events; and
(i) from third party providers, suppliers and creditors.
5. HOW DO WE HOLD PERSONAL INFORMATION?
5.1 Our usual approach to holding personal information includes holding that personal information:
(a) physically, at our premises; and
(b) electronically:
(i) on secure online servers;
(ii) on a private cloud;
(iii) by a third party data storage provider; and
(iv) on our website.
5.2 We secure the personal information we hold in numerous ways, including:
(a) using security cards/systems to limit access;
(b) using security cards to access printers and premises outside of business hours;
(c) using secure servers to store personal information;
(d) using unique usernames, passwords and other protections on systems that can access personal information; and
(e) holding certain sensitive documents securely.
6. WHY DO WE COLLECT, HOLD, USE OR DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
6.1 We take reasonable steps to use and disclose personal information for the primary purpose for which we collect it. The primary purpose for which information is collected varies, depending on the particular service being provided or the individual from whom we are collecting the information but is generally as follows:
(a) in the case of customers – to provide accounting or financial services to you or your business;
(b) in the case of contractors, service providers, and agents – to assist us in providing our services to our customers;
(c) in the case of potential employees and potential service providers and contractors – to assess your suitability for employment or engagement.
6.2 Personal information may also be used or disclosed by us for secondary purposes that are within an individual’s reasonable expectations and that are related to the primary purpose of collection.
6.3 We may also collect and use customers’ personal information:
(a) to keep records of transactions to assist in future enquiries and enhance our customer relationship with you;
(b) to verify your identity;
(c) to send you special offers in relation to our services;
(d) to provide you with updates and alerts that are relevant to you or your business;
(e) to refer you to other advisers; and
(f) to invite you to events.
6.4 We may collect and use contractors’, service providers’ and agents’ personal information:
(a) to conduct checks to ensure that the contractor, service provider or agent and prospective employee, contractor and service provider can perform or is performing the services to our standards; and
(b) for payment purposes.
6.5 We may disclose personal information to:
(a) contractors, service providers and agents including third party technology providers we engage from time to time, such as our data storage providers and email filter providers;
(b) employers of individuals;
(c) government bodies (such as the Australian Taxation Office and the Australian Securities and Investment Commission);
(d) our external auditors;
(e) banks;
(f) your advisers or other referral partners in order to provide the accounting or financial service to you, or to assist our functions or activities (such as law firms);
(g) our related entities; and
(h) insurance providers and brokers.
6.6 Otherwise, we will only disclose personal information to third parties if permitted by the Privacy Act.
7. WILL WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE AUSTRALIA?
7.1 We may disclose personal information outside of Australia if you provide specific instructions for us to do so or if we engage overseas entities to assist us to provide accounting or financial services to you in the most efficient way. We currently disclose personal information to service providers located in the Philippines and India.
7.2 Otherwise, we do not generally disclose your personal information to overseas recipients, apart from through the use of cloud providers or other outsourced information technology services with data centres located overseas.
7.3 For example, we may choose to use software providers including:
Software providers
Location/s we understand information is stored outside Australia
a) Google Drive, Dropbox, Xero, Mail Chimp, LastPass, Zoom, Quickbooks Online and HubDocs
Predominantly in the USA
b) OneDrive, Fathom
Typically in region of customer but may transfer overseas
c) Caseware, Futrli, Google Suite
Hosted via Amazon - USA, Europe, Brazil, Singapore, & Japan
d) Saasu
Hong Kong
e) Teamviewer
Predominantly Germany but also USA and Europe
f) Mindshop and Virtual Cabinet
UK
g) Adobe Cloud
UK, Switzerland, USA & India
h) MYOB - AccountRight, Banklink, & Essentials
NZ, Singapore, Malaysia, India, the Philippines, USA but may transfer to other countries
i) XPLAN
UK, Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, South Africa, NZ & Canada
j) AFG Suite and Asana
In countries outside Australia
k) FeeSynergy Collect
NZ
l) Reckon Accounts & ReckonOne
NZ, Singapore, India & UK.
m) Receipt Bank
Europe
n) Qwilr
USA, Germany, UK, The Netherlands, Malta & Spain
o) Jira
USA, Germany, Ireland, Singapore
7.4 Your personal information will not be disclosed to overseas recipients unless we are satisfied that the recipient is subject to privacy protection laws that offer substantially similar levels of protection as those required under the Australian Privacy Principles or if we have taken reasonable steps to ensure this personal information is handled in a safe and secure manner and that overseas entity is aware of the obligations relating to the information under the APPs.
8. HOW DO WE MANAGE YOUR CREDIT INFORMATION?
What kinds of credit information may we collect?
8.1 In the course of providing accounting or financial services to you, we may collect and hold the following kinds of credit information:
(a) your identification information;
(b) information about any credit that has been provided to you;
(c) your repayment history;
(d) information about your overdue payments;
(e) if terms and conditions of your credit arrangements are varied;
(f) if any court proceedings are initiated against you in relation to your credit activities;
(g) information about any bankruptcy or debt agreements involving you;
(h) any publicly available information about your credit worthiness; and
(i) any information about you where you may have fraudulently or otherwise committed a serious credit infringement.
8.2 We generally do not collect credit information about contractors, service providers and prospective employees.
How and when do we collect credit information?
8.3 In most cases, we will only collect credit information about you if you disclose it to us and it is relevant in providing you with the accounting or financial service.
8.4 Other sources we may collect credit information from include:
(a) government bodies (such as the Australian Taxation Office and the Australian Securities and Investment Commission);
(b) our related entities;
(c) banks and other credit providers;
(d) other individuals and entities via referrals;
(e) your suppliers and creditors; and
(f) our subcontractors and agents.
8.5 We do not collect and hold credit information from credit reporting bodies unless it is incidentally collected in providing the accounting or financial service to you.
How do we store and hold the credit information?
8.6 We store and hold credit information in the same manner as outlined in section 5of this policy.
Why do we collect the credit information?
8.7 Our usual purpose for collecting, holding, using and disclosing credit information about you is to enable us to provide you with the accounting or financial service.
8.8 We may also collect the credit information:
(a) to process payments;
(b) assess eligibility for credit; and
(c) for other purposes incidental to our accounting and financial services.
Overseas disclosure of the credit information
8.9 We disclose limited information to service providers located in the Philippines and India, however, this is generally not credit information. Further, some software providers we use may store information in public clouds with data centres located overseas. We have outlined this in detail in section 7of this policy.
How can I access my credit information, correct errors or make a complaint?
8.10 You can access and correct your credit information, or complain about a breach of your privacy in the manner set out in section 9of this policy.
9. HOW DO WE HANDLE DATA BREACHES?
9.1 A data breach occurs when personal information is lost or subjected to unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure or other misuse or interference.
9.2 We have implemented a data breach response plan to assist us to effectively contain, evaluate and respond to data breaches in order to mitigate potential harm to any persons affected by a data breach.
9.3 In summary, our data breach response plan:
(a) directs our staff as to the steps they should take in the event of an actual or suspected data breach;
(b) appoints a team to handle data breaches;
(c) specifies a strategy for assessing and responding to data breaches;
(d) sets out the process for notifying any affected persons, the Privacy Commissioner and other relevant parties; and
(e) outlines the review process to help prevent data breaches in the future.
9.4 We will generally notify you if we reasonably believe that your personal information has been subjected to a data breach if:
(a) there is a risk of serious harm to you;
(b) notification could enable you to avoid or mitigate serious harm;
(c) the compromised personal information is sensitive or likely to cause humiliation or embarrassment to you; or
(d) we are required to notify you by law.
9.5 We will also notify the Privacy Commissioner if we reasonably believe that your personal information has been subjected to a data breach that is likely to result in serious harm to you.
9.6 Where appropriate, we may also notify other third parties of a data breach.
10. HOW DO YOU MAKE COMPLAINTS OR ACCESS AND CORRECT YOUR PERSONAL OR CREDIT INFORMATION?
10.1 It is importantthat the information we hold about you is up-to-date. You should contact us if your personal information changes.
Access to information and correcting personal information
10.2 You may request access to the personal information held by us or ask us for your personal information to be corrected by using the contact details in this section.
10.3 We will grant you access to your personal information as soon as possible, subject to the request circumstances.
10.4 In keeping with our commitment to protect the privacy of personal information, we may not disclose personal information to you without proof of identity.
10.5 We may deny access to personal information if:
(a) the request is unreasonable;
(b) providing access would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of another person;
(c) providing access would pose a serious and imminent threat to the life or health of any person; or
(d) providing access would compromise our professional obligations; or
(e) there are other legal grounds to deny the request.
10.6 We may charge a fee for reasonable costs incurred in responding to an access request. The fee (if any) will be disclosed before it is levied.
10.7 If the personal information we hold is not accurate, complete and up-to-date, we will take reasonable steps to correct it so that it is accurate, complete and up-to-date, where it is appropriate to do so.
Complaints
10.8 If you want to complain about an interference with your privacy, you must follow the following process:
(a) The complaint must first be made to us in writing, using the contact details in this section. We will have a reasonable time to respond to the complaint.
(b) If the privacy issue cannot be resolved, you may take your complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Who to contact
10.9 A person may make a complaint or request to access or correct personal information about them held by us. Such a request must be made in writing to the following address:
Privacy Officer:            Lauren Guymer
Telephone number:     (07) 4688 8400
Email address:            info@powertynan.com.au
11. CHANGES TO THE POLICY
11.1 We may update, modify or remove this policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes to the privacy policy will be published on our website.
11.2 This policy is effective from 17 April 2019. If you have any comments on the policy, please contact our privacy officer using the contact details in section 10 of this policy.
Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards
Legislation
Independent Member of Walker Wayland Australasia Limited, a network
of independent accounting firms
AFCA membership number 45857
Toowoomba
Suite 6, 618 Ruthven St
Toowoomba QLD 4350
PO Box 421
Toowoomba QLD 4350
Ph: (07) 4688 8400
Email: info@powertynan.com.au
Roma
39 Hawthorne Street
Roma QLD 4455
PO Box 1517
Roma QLD 4455
Ph: (07) 4622 4345
Email: info@powertynan.com.au
Stanthorpe
142 High St
Stanthorpe QLD 4380
PO Box 321
Stanthorpe QLD 4380
Ph: (07) 4681 6700
Email: info@powertynan.com.au
Brisbane
Level 2, 13/22 Baildon Street
Kangaroo Point QLD 4169
Email: info@powertynan.com.au
Subscribe to our Newsletter
© Power Tynan Accountants | Advisers | Mortgage Brokers. All Rights Reserved
Sydney Website
Design by Jimmyweb
Home
Privacy Policy
Credit Guide
Privacy Collection Statement
Contact Us
HomeServices
Our ServicesTaxation SolutionsBusiness Advisory SolutionsLeasing & Finance SolutionsSuperannuation SolutionsAuditOur Team
Taxation & Business Advisory Team
Our AdvisersOur AccountantsSuperannuation TeamLeasing & Finance TeamBoard of DirectorsAuditInternal OperationsAdministration TeamNews
COVID-19NewsNewslettersArchivesCommunity
Community InvolvementPower Tynan Charitable TrustPower Tynan Scholarship ProgramCareers
Positions AvailablePower Tynan Scholarship ProgramClient Portal
Client PortalVIRTUAL CABINET CLIENT PORTAL LOG-INDownload Power Tynan QuickSupportClassImportant LinksPower Tynan QuickJoinQuick Support MacContact UsTestimonials