https://www.reedswitchdevelopments.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Our Mission
History
What is a Reed Switch
What is a Reed Switch
Reed Switch Construction
Reed Switch Operation
Reed Switch Actuating Positions
Reed Switch Advantages
Incorporating a Reed Switch into Your Subassembly
OEM Sensor Manufacturing
How Reed Switches Support Liquid Level Sensing
Products
Standard Reed Switch Sensors and Actuators
Magnetic Reed Switches
Bare Reeds
Magnets
Custom Reed Switches
Markets
Aerospace and Commercial Aviation
Agricultural Vehicles and Equipment
Automotive Interiors
Factory Automation and Robotics
Utility and Smart Grid
Marine and Boating Interiors
Medical Diagnostic Equipment
Motors and Drives
Meteorology Equipment
Off-Highway Vehicles and Equipment
Consumer Electronics
Appliances
Military Vehicles and Equipment
Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
Request a Quotation
Request a Quotation
Custom Reed Switch Development Worksheet
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
(Updated May 2018)
Reed Switch Developments Corp. would like to assure you that we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will ensure that all the information you provide us is kept private, confidential and secure, and that we will only use it to provide the information and services that you specifically request.
SCOPE
This privacy policy sets forth how Reed Switch Developments Corp. uses and protects any information that you give Reed Switch Developments Corp. when you use this website. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Reed Switch Developments Corp. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 5/18/2018.
WHAT INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE
When you complete a Request for Information form, sign up for our newsletter, consult with our Sales, Engineering, and Customer Service Teams, send us an e-mail, or communicate with us in any way, you are voluntarily giving Reed Switch Developments Corp. the information we collect. That information may include your name, job title, physical address, postcode, e-mail address, IP address, phone number, fax number, credit card information, as well as other details including location, purchase history and additional demographic information, such as preferences and interests, or information relevant to customer surveys and offers. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred or stored by Reed Switch Developments Corp. or our third-party providers, as described in this Privacy Policy. In the interest of your privacy, we only collect, use and retain information reasonably required for our legitimate business interests, such as processing orders, inquiries and queries, or providing you with marketing materials,
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
Reed Switch Developments Corp. uses the information you supply to help us better understand your needs and to provide you with better service, as well as for:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting, using the email address provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT
When you browse the Reed Switch Developments Corp. website, we may automatically collect information about your visit by using cookies. The information collected via the use of cookies may include your device type, browser, IP address, how you came to the website, or how you interacted with the website. This information may be used to monitor or improve website performance or to deliver targeted/retargeted advertising. Information from the cookie alone will generally not identify you personally, and we will not use this information in connection with any personally identifiable information that you may have provided.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest, such as those of our sales agents. However, once you have used these links to leave the Reed Switch Developments Corp. website, you should note that we do not have any control over the content or operations of the other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites, and therefore such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. We encourage you to exercise caution and to carefully read the Privacy Policy of any third-party website that you choose to visit.
Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a Social Media platform is done at your own risk, without any expectation of Privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms, or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the Privacy Policies of the companies that provide them. Our website may include links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their Privacy Policies.
INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS
We may share your personally identifiable information with other service providers, including:
Payment processors for secure credit card payment transactions.
Hosting services.
E-mail service providers to send you e-mails pertaining to quality questionnaires, feedback or our marketing material.
Legal authorities, when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so, or when necessary to do so to protect the rights and safety of the Company and its associated companies, employees and users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of our services.
Information that is aggregated or anonymized, that does not directly identify you.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
Reed Switch Developments Corp. is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. We take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, considering the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We use regular malware scanning, and we implement a variety of security measures when a user provides information, to maintain the safety of your personal information. This site has also been secured with an SSL certificate.
Your personal information is contained within secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of authorized persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, then Reed Switch Developments Corp. will notify you as soon as possible, and later report the action we took in response.
Reed Switch Developments Corp. will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
ACCESS TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
If your personally identifiable information changes, or you wish your information to be removed from our records, you may update or delete it by sending an email to: datachangerequest@reedswitchdevelopments.com.
Additionally, we will give you access to your personally identifiable information that we hold within 30 days of a request to access, which can be sent to: datachangerequest@reedswitchdevelopments.com.
If you wish to stop receiving e-mail communications, please click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link on any of our communications. We will retain your information for as long as required to deliver your products and services; fulfill our agreements; or to resolve any issues. Please note, we cannot always delete records of all historical data. For example, we are required to retain certain records for financial reporting, compliance and traceability reasons.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy which come into effect upon updating this page. We recommend reviewing this Privacy Policy, so that you are aware of any latest changes that may affect what you are consenting to by interacting with the website, submitting a query, requesting information or otherwise interacting with Reed Switch Developments Corp. This policy was last updated on May 18, 2018, with language to reflect our full good faith compliance with GDPR, and other international best practice standards for data privacy and protection.
WHO ARE WE­
We are Reed Switch Developments Corp., operating from 2524 Norwood Court, Racine, WI 53403 USA. You can contact us by emailing sales@reedswitchdevelopments.com, or by calling +1-262-883-9060. We welcome and value your correspondence, questions, comments, and feedback at any time.
©2020 Reed Switch Developments Corp. Site Design and SEO by Embassy Global, LLC (www.embassyglobalpr.com)
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks