http://www.vjondalalstreet.com/privacy.php
vjondalalstreet, vj on dalalstreet, dalal street, dalalstreet
(91) 00000-00000
Your identity is safe with us
We do not sell/misuse your email or your mobile number that you have used to subscribe to VJ on DalalStreet
Mobile Number and Email address are used to send you the daily tips and occassional performance reports. Incase you wish not to receive them any more kindly reach us on our email premium at vjondalalstreet dot com
Registration is not required to enter our site. However, subscription to certain services may require a user to complete a registration form. During registration a user must give certain contact information, but we never sell or give away this information. It is only gathered to contact the users about services on our site for which s/he has expressed interest.
We do show advertisement to our users, which are handled by third party providers. The contents on the advertised links are beyond our control and we are not responsible for it in any form.
So any such concerns with our advertising should be directed towards them respectfully.
Free Stock Market Tips:
What are the eligibility criteria for members of the currency futures segment?
Home
Stock Market
IPO
Mutual Funds
Education
Paid Service
About us
Share Market
IPO Watch
MF News
IPO
Subscription
VJonDalalStreet
Technical Analysis
New IPO Review
Old Funds
Articles
Equity Performance
DalalStreet Blog
Stock Market News
Indian IPO News
New Funds
Stock Market
Futures Performance
Stock Widgets
World Stock Market
IPO Allotment Status
Best Funds
Financial Terms
Options Performance
Privacy
Stock Recommendations
Grey Market Premium
MF Analysis
Futures & Options
Jackpot Performance
Data and information is provided for informational purposes only, and is not intended for trading purposes. Neither VJonDalalStreet.com website nor any of its promoters shall be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of our Disclaimer