https://www.gvkbio.com/terms-and-conditions.php
Locations
Management Team
About GVK BIO
Manufacturing Solutions
Integrated Drug Discovery
Development Solutions
Discovery Solutions
Get in Touch
Events
×
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
General
Access to this website is granted by GVK Biosciences Private Limited (GVK BIO). By accessing and using this GVK BIO website, you agree to all the terms and conditions contained herein. If you do not agree with any of these conditions, please discontinue access immediately.
Ownership and Disclaimer
This Policy applies to all GVK BIO entities where a data subject’s personal data is processed:
This website is owned by GVK BIO. Unless otherwise stated, copyright or similar rights in all material presented on the site, including graphical images, is owned by GVK BIO. The Trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) are the trademarks of GVKBIO and/or its associates. Any other trademarks used in the Site are trademarks of their respective owners. Access to and use of this website and the information and services available are subject to the conditions contained herein.
Restrictions on access and use
Users may download the material on this website for their personal and non-commercial use, provided that: (i) all copies must bear the relevant copyright, trademark and/or other proprietary notice contained in this website; (ii) users shall not modify, reformat, copy, reproduce, display, distribute, publish, transmit, post, upload, license, create derivative works from, store in any information retrieval system, transfer in any manner or sell any of the material without GVK BIO’s prior written permission; (iii) users shall not insert a hyperlink to this website on any other website or “mirror” on their own website, the home page or other pages of or materials in this or any GVK BIO website or their respective links without GVK BIO’s prior approval in writing.
Users shall not use this website or its links for any purpose that is illegal, unlawful or prohibited. GVK BIO reserves the right to deny to anyone at any time access to this or any other GVK BIO website without notice or need to assign any reason whatsoever. Users shall indemnity, defend and hold GVKBIO harmless from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising out of or relating to any misuse by the User of the content and services provided on the Site.
Disclaimer of Representations and Warranties
The content (including third party information, products and/or services) of this website and all other GVK BIO websites are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis and are subject to change at any time without notice to the users and without representations or warranties of any kind whether express or implied. GVK BIO disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to merchantability, satisfactory quality and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement of proprietary rights, title. In particular, GVK BIO disclaims all representations and warranties that the functions contained in this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected or that this website or the server that makes it available is free of virus or other harmful elements. No warranty or representation is given regarding the correctness, accuracy, reliability, completeness, timeliness, performance or fitness for any particular purpose or otherwise of the content of this website and GVK BIO expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions, whether of a typographical nature of otherwise.
Disclaimer of Data Privacy in compliance with GDPR
The information gathered from you will be treated in compliance with all relevant Data Protection Laws. Any personal data collected from you shall be processed and used as per the GVK BIO Privacy Policy which is available on the website.
Exclusion of Liability
In no event shall GVK BIO or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries or their directors, employees, agents or representatives be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, unauthorised use, performance or non-performance of or reliance upon this or any other GVK BIO website even if GVK BIO has been advised previously of the possibility of such damages and whether or not such damages arise in contract, tort, under statute, in equity or at law.
Links to Third Party Web Sites
The websites to which this or any other GVK BIO website is linked may be developed and/or operated by parties other than GVK BIO. GVK BIO does not control such websites and is not responsible for their contents. Inclusion of links to these websites does not in itself constitute or imply any endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation of the material on such websites by GVK BIO or any association of GVK BIO with their owner and/or operators (unless expressly stated otherwise).
Any third party who wishes to establish links to this or any other GVK BIO website should seek GVK BIO’s approval in writing prior to doing so. GVK BIO reserves the right to deny permission for any such link without the need to assign any reason. If permission is given, GVK BIO is not under any obligation to establish reciprocal links.
Feedback
All feedback given to GVK BIO including questions, comments, suggestions or the like, regarding or in response to the content of this or any other GVK BIO website shall be deemed to be non-confidential. GVK BIO shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, techniques or know-how contained in such feedback. GVK BIO shall not be subject to any obligation of confidentiality with respect to such feedback and shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute the content of the same to others without limitation.
No License Granted
Nothing contained in this website nor the permission to access or use this website or any other GVK BIO website shall be construed as conferring any license or other rights in respect of the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights of GVK BIO, its affiliates or subsidiaries, whether by estoppel, implication or otherwise.
Alteration of Terms of Use
GVK BIO reserves the right to revise these conditions of access at any time without notice and you hereby agree to be bound by such change.
Waiver
No waiver by GVK BIO of any right under or term or provision of these terms and conditions will be deemed a waiver of any other right, term or provision of these terms and conditions at any time.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These conditions of access are governed by and shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of India. All disputes and differences arising out of or in any way touching or concerning this disclaimer and/or use of this or any other GVK BIO website shall be referred to the sole arbitration of a person to be appointed by the Chief Executive Officer of GVK BIO. The award of the arbitrator so appointed shall be final and binding on the parties. The Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 shall be applicable to such arbitration. You accept the appointment of the sole arbitrator by the Chief Executive Officer of GVK BIO and irrevocably waive any objection to the same. It will be no bar that the Arbitrator appointed as aforesaid is or has been an employee of GVK BIO and the appointment of the Arbitrator will not be challenged or be open to question in any Court of Law, on this account.
In other respects, Hyderabad courts will have exclusive jurisdiction. In the event that the laws of the jurisdiction you are in do not permit or impose restrictions on the access to the contents of this GVK BIO website, you shall immediately discontinue access or comply with such restrictions (as the case may be).
Privacy Statement
If you are only browsing this website, we do not capture data that allows us to identify you individually.
To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies.
This site may contain links to other sites whose data protection and privacy practices may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the content and privacy practices of these other websites and encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those sites.
OUR SOLUTIONS
Discovery Solutions
Development Solutions
Integrated Solutions
Manufacturing Solutions
Knowledge Hub
Blog
Brochures
Publications
Whitepapers
Affiliated Websites
Aragen Bioscience
Excelra Knowledge Solutions
About us
Events
Media
Careers
Let’s talk
© 2020 GVK Biosciences Private Limited. All Rights Reserved
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice - Customers/Vendors/Job Applicants