https://www.manameansadvertising.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
(808) 521-1160FacebookLinkedinMail
Home THE FRONTLINE About UsOur Clients
Services Our WorkCase Studies
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.manameans.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about the usage of this site, making improvements based on that information. Google Analytics tracks how often visitors access this site, the pages they accessed, and what other sites they used prior to accessing this site. Google Analytics stores the IP address assigned to you on the date you visited this site, while also attaching a permanent cookie on your web browser. This cookie is used to identify you on future visits to this site. Only Google has the ability to use this cookie. No other personal information used to identify you is collected.
The limits to what Google can do with the information collected is outlined in the Google Analytics Terms of Use (https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html) and the Google Privacy Policy (https://www.google.com/policies/privacy), which are subject to change. If you wish to access this site in the future without Google Analytics tracking you, please disable cookies on your browser.
Google Maps APIs
We use Google Maps APIs on this site. This privacy policy incorporates the Google Privacy Policy (currently http://www.google.com/privacy.html), which is subject to change.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (808) 521-1160 or at janet@manameans.com.
Updated 2-8-17
Go to Top