http://www.prosalus.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
Online privacy statement
Personal data
Under the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) personal data is defined as: “any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person ('data subject'); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person”.
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what data we, ProSalus Ltd, collect and how we use any personal data submitted via the Contact Us section.
What information we collect
You can visit the ProSalus website without revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers do not collect names or email addresses of visitors. Unless visitors supply the information as part of the Contact Us Process, our servers will only collect the domain names of visitors. The general reason for gathering information about site users is to determine which areas users access most frequently and which materials users access the most. This information enables us to determine the most beneficial aspects of our site for users and facilitates improvement recommendations for site content.
If a user requests a more personalised or specific information they will be directed to the Contact Us section of the site and will be asked to provide name, email and telephone contact details along with location. This information will be stored securely and will be used to respond to your enquiry and to provide relevant updates.
Website Links
The site may contain links to other relevant websites. While ProSalus will try to only use links to reputable sites, it cannot take responsibility for the content or the privacy practices employed by other site.
Why does ProSalus Ltd need to collect and store personal data?
In order for us to respond to enquiries submitted via the website we need to collect some personal data. We are committed to ensuring that the information we collect and use is appropriate for this purpose, and does not constitute an invasion of your privacy. In terms of being contacted for marketing purposes ProSalus Ltd would contact you for additional consent.
Will ProSalus Ltd share my personal data with anyone else?
We do not pass your personal data on to third-party service providers.
How will ProSalus Ltd use the personal data it collects about me?
ProSalus Ltd will use the information provided specifically to respond to the enquiry in a manner compatible with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will endeavour to keep your information accurate and up to date, and not keep it for longer than is necessary.
Under what circumstances will ProSalus Ltd contact me?
Our aim is not to be intrusive, and we undertake not to ask irrelevant or unnecessary questions. Moreover, the information you provide will be subject to rigorous measures and procedures to minimise the risk of unauthorised access or disclosure.
Can I find out the personal data that the organisation holds about me?
ProSalus Ltd at your request, can confirm what information we hold about you and how it is processed. If ProSalus Ltd does hold personal data about you, you can request the following information:
Identity and the contact details of the person or organisation that has determined how and why to process yourdata. In some cases, this will be a representative in the EU.
Contact details of the GDPR Owner, where applicable.
The purpose of the processing as well as the legal basis for processing.
If the processing is based on the legitimate interests of ProSalus Ltd or a third party, information about thoseinterests.
The categories of personal data collected, stored and processed.
Recipient(s) or categories of recipients that the data is/will be disclosed to.
If we intend to transfer the personal data to a third country or international organisation, information abouthow we ensure this is done securely. The EU has approved sending personal data to some countries because they meet a minimum standard of data protection. In other cases, we will ensure there are specific measures in place to secure your information.
How long the data will be stored.
Details of your rights to correct, erase, restrict or object to such processing.
Information about your right to withdraw consent at any time.
How to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority.
Whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary toenter into a contract, as well as whether you are obliged to provide the personal data and the possibleconsequences of failing to provide such data.
The source of personal data if it wasn’t collected directly from you.
Any details and information of automated decision making, such as profiling, and any meaningful informationabout the logic involved, as well as the significance and expected consequences of such processing.
What forms of ID will I need to provide in order to access this?
ProSalus Ltd accepts the following forms of ID when information on your personal data is requested: Passport, driving licence, birth certificate.
Contact details of the [Data Protection Officer (DPO)] / [GDPR Owner]:
GDPR Owner contact details
Contact Name:
Carol Easton
Address line 1:
ProSalus Ltd
Address line 2:
Springboard Business Centre
Address line 3:
Ellerbeck Way
Address line 4:
Stokesley
Address line 5:
North Yorkshire
Email:
carol.easton@prosalus.co.uk
Telephone:
01642 715339