http://www.michael-smith-engineers.co.uk/cookie-policy
Contact us
Contact us
Thank you. One of the team will be in touch soon.Name *
Telephone *
Email *
Enquiry *
sanity_check
Please make sure you have completed all the required fieldsSubmit
Cookie Policy
We want your experience of using our website to be easy, useful and reliable.  Where services are delivered on the internet, this sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your device, for example, computer or mobile phone.  These include small files known as cookies.
These pieces of information are used to improve services for you through, for example:
Enabling a service to recognise your device so you don’t have to give the same information several times during one task
Recognising that you may already have given a username and password so you don’t need to do it for every web page requested
Measuring how many people are using services, so they can be made easier to use and there’s enough capacity to ensure they are fast
You can manage these small files yourself and learn more about them through Internet browser cookies – what they are and how to manage them
Our use of cookies
Learn how to remove cookies set on your device
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using our website:
First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site.
Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies' internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
Cookies set by Michael Smith Engineers website
NamePurposeTypical contentExpires
PHPSESSID
Authentication session to prevent having to login multiple times in one browser session.
Unique random string allocated to user's time on site.
Expires on exit
Third party cookies
We may use a number of suppliers who may also set cookies on their websites’ behalf.  The Michael Smith Engineers does not control the dissemination of these cookies.  You should check the third party websites for more information about these.
ProviderNamePurposeMore info
PIWIK
Analytics
_pk_id.1.5c95 _pk_ses.1.5c95 __atuvc PHPSESSID
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site.  We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site.  The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
PIWIK Privacy Policy
Share This
__uset __stid
Tracks what is being shared and by whom
Share This privacy
Google Map
NID
PREF
PP_TOS_ACK
HSID
SSID
APISID
SAPISID
Google Privacy policy
In particular, we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website.  This generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers.  The information generated, relating to our website, is used to create reports about the use of the website.  Google will store this information.  (Google’s privacy policy is available at http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html).
Search
Search
Search
Call us: 0800 316 7891
Contact us