https://www.northwaybank.com/resources/privacy-and-security
Skip Navigation Documents in Portable Document Format (PDF) require Adobe Acrobat Reader 5.0 or higher to view, download Adobe® Acrobat Reader.
Branches & HoursCustomer Service800-442-666624-Hour Telephone Banking888-568-6310 LoginAccess to your Northway AccountOnline BankingDeposit ExpressLockbox ServiceSmartPay ExpresssmsGuardianPersonal Credit CardBusiness Credit CardReorder ChecksOpen an Account Login Enroll in Online BankingForgot Online Banking Password? Close Login SearchWhat can we help you find?Search Terms
SEARCH Close Search Privacy and Security
Northway Bank is dedicated to protecting your privacy and keeping your financial information secure.
At a time when scams and identity theft are high, we give you a peace of mind.
Please note: Northway Bank will never call or e-mail you to ask for your Social Security number, account number, password or PIN. If you receive such a request, please report it by calling the Customer Service Center at 800-442-6666.
For information on current scams visit: https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/scam-alerts.
Common Scams
Phishing, skimming, scamming. Here's how identity thieves operate.Go to Common Scams
Avoiding ID Theft
Simple steps you can take to avoid becoming a victim.Go to Avoiding ID Theft
Reporting ID Theft
What to do if your identity is stolen.Go to Reporting ID Theft
Password Management
Keep your passwords safe and protected.
Go to Password Management
Debit/ATM Card Protection
Learn about our free alerts to notify you of possible fraudulent activity.Go to Debit/ATM Card Protection
Privacy Policy
Here's how we collect, share, and protect your personal information.Go to Privacy Policy
Common Scams
Identity Theft
Identity theft is the fraudulent use of a person's identifying information. Identity thieves seek to open lines of credit or bank accounts, write checks or obtain loans in the name of other people by stealing personal information like Social Security numbers, birth dates and account numbers.
Avoiding Identity Theft
Reporting Identity Theft
Phishing
Fraudsters use email, phone calls or text messages, pretending to be financial institutions or companies, to get you to reveal your personal information or to spread malware onto electronic devices.
Do not reply to requests for your personal or financial information. A legitimate business will not contact you to ask for such information
Do not click on links or attachments within a phishing email
Verify contact by calling the business using the phone number that is publicly listed.
Tech Support Scams
Scammers will pose as a computer technician to try to gain access to your computer or to obtain payments for fraudulent services. You might receive a phone call from one of these scammers or you might receive a pop-up message on your computer. They indicate that a virus or other malware has been detected on your computer and provide you with steps to fix the ‘problem’.
Do not click on any links
Do not give control of your computer
Do not provide personal or financial information, including account numbers.
Wire Transfer Scams
Wire transfer scams come in many varieties. In each case a fraudster will communicate with the victim, gain their trust, provide them with illegitimate funds and instructions to quickly wire some or all the money to another bank account. After the money has been wired, the victim typically gets notice that the funds were bad, resulting in a loss. Some examples of wire transfer scams are listed below.
Lottery scams – premise is a check to pay for taxes
Sweetheart or online dating scams
Work from home scams
Overpayment or Craig’s List scams.
Card Skimming
ID thieves steal credit/debit card numbers by using a special storage device when processing your card. Read more about protecting yourself from card skimming.
Telephone Scam – Misdial Trap
Fraudsters purchase phone numbers similar to financial institution phone numbers. They count on customers misdialing the phone number and attempt to gain personal private information. Sometimes they say that the customer has won a prize to entice them into providing this private information.
Protect your computer, your information and your online files
OnGuard Online - Provides practical tips from the federal government and the technology industry to help you be on guard against internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information.
Avoiding ID Theft
Tips to avoid becoming the victim of identity theft
Monitor your credit report for accuracy. You're allowed to order a free copy from each of the major credit bureaus once per year. Obtain yours by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com or calling 877-322-8228.
Shred documents that contain account numbers and other personal information.
Do not respond to telephone or online solicitations for personal information unless you initiated the contact. Northway Bank will never call or email you to ask for your Social Security number, account number, password or PIN. If you receive such a request, please report it by calling customer service at 800-442-6666.
Review your bank and credit card statements and immediately report any unfamiliar charges.
Contact Northway Bank if you do not receive your monthly statement in the mail. It may mean that the statement has been diverted by an identity thief. Better yet, use Online Banking to securely review your statements online.
Bank online with confidence. Northway Bank uses current technology to protect your accounts.
When buying from online merchants, be sure the web address starts with "https" and look for a small picture of an unbroken key or closed lock. These symbols verify that the site is secure.
Protect your PINs and passwords. Avoid using easily available information, such as your mother's maiden name, your birth date, the last four digits of your Social Security number or your phone number.
Do not give out your Social Security number unless absolutely necessary. Other types of identifiers are often acceptable – just ask.
As added protection, Northway Bank uses sophisticated fraud detection software to monitor transactions for suspicious activity.
Reporting ID Theft
victims of IDentity Theft should take these steps immediately
If you believe your identity has been stolen, you should take the following steps immediately:
Contact any bank or creditor where you have an account that may have been compromised. Request that they close or restrict access to these accounts.
Change logins, passwords and PINs for any accounts accessed electronically.
Place a fraud alert by contacting one of the three major credit bureau agencies. They must notify the other two:
Transunion.com/fraud800-680-7289
Equifax.com/ContactUs800-525-6285
Experian.com/fraudalert888-397-3742
Review your credit report to be sure no additional fraudulent accounts have been opened in your name. The credit bureaus must provide a free copy of your report if you have reason to believe the report is inaccurate because of fraud. In addition, everyone can order a free copy from each of the major credit bureaus once per year. Obtain yours by visiting www.annualcreditreport.com or calling 877-322-8228.
Visit IdentityTheft.gov to report identity theft to the Federal Trade Commission and to get a personal recovery plan. You may also contact the Federal Trade Commission's identity theft hotline at 877-438-4338.
Password Management
Password Management Features
At Northway Bank, we go above and beyond to secure and protect our customers' information. Part of what makes this effective is for you to keep your passwords safe and protected:
Keep your passwords in a secure place and out of plain view
Passwords should not be easy to guess (such as a pet's name, favorite sport, sequential numbers or letters)
Don't share your passwords on the Internet, over email or on the phone. Do not enter your password with someone watching. Keep in mind, Northway Bank will never ask for your password.
Use passwords that have at least eight characters - the longer the password, the better
Use upper and lower case letters, include numbers and symbols (like !@#$%^&*)
Avoid common words: some hackers use programs that can try every word in the dictionary
Don't use your personal information or your login name
Change your passwords on a regular basis, every 45 days is ideal
Use a different password for every account
Use two-factor authentication when available - in addition to a username and password, it would include a challenge question
Here is a blog that provides insight into the importance of strong passwords and how to manage them better.
Debit/ATM Card Protection
Your debit/ATM card transactions are monitored 24/7 for potential fraud using state-of-the-art intelligence technology and skilled fraud experts. We review your account activity and identify transactions that appear to be out of the ordinary, such as purchases in foreign countries, travel outside of your home area, or multiple transactions that seem atypical, such as simultaneous charges from two geographic regions.
All debit and ATM cardholders are automatically enrolled in our free alert system.Here’s how it works:
When potential fraud is detected, you will receive an email notification, with the option to reply with “fraud” or “no fraud.”
If no response is received, one minute after the email, you will receive a text alert, which has a “fraud” or “no fraud” option.
If no response is received, you will receive automatic phone calls to confirm or deny fraud. The calls will also give the option of speaking to a fraud analyst.
Remember: We will never ask for your PIN or account number.
The phone number for our Fraud Center is 800-417-4592. If you add this number to your phone contacts and label it “Fraud Center,” it will display on your phone whenever you get a call from this number.
If you plan to travel outside the area, please call us at 800-442-6666 in advance so we can note your travel plans and ensure uninterrupted use of your card.
Please call us at 800-442-6666 if you have any questions about potential fraud.
Privacy Policy
What does Northway Bank do with your personal information?
Customer Service 800-442-666624-Hour Telephone Banking 888-568-6310NMLS #405698 Back to Top