http://www.bandname.com/privacy
The Band Register?
About
Why register?
Corporate information
FAQ
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Press
At Bandname.com we consider your privacy as an important part of our service. We will not pass your personal information to Third Parties unless we have your prior agreement.
The
information
relating to your band, such as web address, genre, publisher, management and record companies will be made available to Third Parties and users. This will enable these Third Parties and users to find information relating to your band. We will not release personal information such as your e-mail, postal address or telephone number however.
If you are currently a subscriber to one of our newsletters and wish to unsubscribe simply send an e-mail to information@bandname.com with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject and with the e-mail address to which the newsletter is sent in the message body.
You have a right to know about the personal data Bandname.com Limited holds about you and to have any errors corrected or all your information deleted. Please address all your requests and/or queries about our privacy policy to: information@bandname.com.
We only use cookies to enable you to register and log-on to the Bandname.com service. We do not use cookies to track how you use the service. If you do not want to accept cookies most web-browsers allow you to turn off the automatic acceptance function on your PC. However, if you turn off the cookies function you will be unable to use the Bandname.com service via a web browser. If this is the case you can still register with Bandname.com by sending an e-mail to information@bandname.com with the words "no cookie" in the subject, we will send you a document in which to complete the registration form.
Bandname.com also monitors IP addresses (the Internet address of a computer) to track all user sessions although your identity remains anonymous to Bandname.com. Bandname.com uses this data to determine the popularity of certain sections and pages of the web site.
By using our website, you indicate your consent to our Privacy Policy. If for any reason you believe Bandname.com Ltd has not adhered to our privacy policy please send an e-mail to: information@bandname.com detailing your grievance and we will endeavor to fix the problem as a matter of urgency.
We will notify you of any future changes to our privacy policy on this page.