http://www.amarr.com/company/privacy_policy
Coronavirus Update: Products require more time to be delivered due to limited supply and transportation availability as a result of the ongoing COVID-19 impacts.
Amarr Garage Doors
Search
My Favorites
(0 items)
Live Chat
View a Dooron My Home
Residential
Commercial
Dealer Log-in
Garage Doors
Openers
LiftMaster Openers
Linear Openers
View All Door Openers
Accessories
Opener Accessories
Garage Accessories
Before You Buy
Amarr Advantage
Choosing a Garage Door
How to Measure
Energy Efficiency
Garage Door Construction
Product Brochures
Wind Load Garage Doors
CE Approved Garage Doors
Choosing a Dealer
Service & Support
Garage Door Safety
Care & Maintenance
Owner's Manuals
Common Garage Door Issues
Garage Door Repair
FAQs
Glossary
Register a Warranty
Find a Warranty
File a Warranty Claim
Mobile App for Door Openers
Product Reviews
Style:
Carriage House
Traditional
Specialty
Show All Collections
How to Choose a Garage Door
How To Buy Guide
Product Specification Chart
Collection:
Steel
Amarr Carriage Court
Amarr Classica®
Amarr Heritage®
Amarr Hillcrest
Amarr Oak Summit®
Amarr Designer's Choice
Wood
Amarr by Design
QUIET DOOR OPTION
Collection:
Steel
Amarr Heritage®
Amarr Lincoln
Amarr Stratford®
Amarr Olympus
QUIET DOOR OPTION
Mosaic Window Options
Collection:
Specialty
Amarr Classica® Full View
Amarr Horizon
Amarr Vista
Amarr Garage Doors
About Us
Press Room
Careers
Contact Us
Legal & Privacy Notice
This is a general privacy and legal notice for the website amarr.com served by ENTREMATIC group (“ENTREMATIC”), revised May 25, 2018.
On this website, ENTREMATIC provides online information that is owned by ENTREMATIC or other parties. By accessing and using this site, you agree to be legally bound by and to comply with the following terms and conditions of this Privacy and Legal Notice.  How we handle your personal data is described in our Privacy and Cookies Notice section.
Given the dynamic nature of our business, we reserve the right to change or discontinue, at any time, any aspect or feature of this site, including the content of this privacy and legal notice.  Such edits are effective immediately upon publishing them online and a replacement function may not be provided.
LEGAL NOTICE
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS
The contents of this site (the “Content”), including but not limited to text, graphics and images and videos, trademarks, brands, logos and software is protected by Intellectual Property Laws. Ownership of the Content will not be passed to you or to any other user of this site, but shall remain with ENTREMATIC or the third parties owning the Content posted on this site.
ENTREMATIC owns the names that are used for the company’s business and the names of the company’s products, services and solutions mentioned on this site, and these names are all protected by Intellectual Property Laws. All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
You are authorized to view, e-mail, download, or print copies of the Content, but only for personal, non-commercial purposes. Unauthorized use of the Content may be interpreted as a violation of the laws of copyright, trademark, and other laws. When sending by email, downloading, or printing copies of the Content, you must also include all copyright notices and other notices that are included in the Content, including any copyright notices at the bottom of the page.
The Content may not be reproduced, transcribed, stored in a retrieval system, translated into any language or computer language, re-transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photographic, recorded, or otherwise), resold, or redistributed without the prior written consent of ENTREMATIC. You may not sell or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute or use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. You agree not to copy any part of this site on a server.  You further agree not to put this website or parts of it in “frames” on other websites without the prior written consent of ENTREMATIC and agree to not display or use any ENTREMATIC names, logos or trademarks in any manner without ENTREMATIC’s prior written consent.
TERMS OF USE
The use of the Content on any other website or in any other computer network environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited without ENTREMATIC’s prior written consent, although you may provide HTML hyperlinks from your website to this site, subject to these Terms of Use. We grant a non-exclusive, limited, and revocable license to link to this site. You agree not to submit links to this site so that they can be associated with advertising or appear to be an endorsement of any organization, product, or service. You agree not to post links to this site on any websites that may be reasonably considered obscene, defamatory, harassing, grossly offensive, or malicious. ENTREMATIC reserves the right to revoke this license or your right to use specific links, at any time. If ENTREMATIC revokes this license, you agree to remove and disable any and all of your links to this site immediately.
If you use the Content in a way that is not expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions, you may be violating copyright, trademark, and other laws. If this is the case, ENTREMATIC automatically revokes the permission of use of this site, and has the right to demand the immediate destruction of copies that have made of any of the Content. All rights not expressly granted by these terms and conditions are reserved.
STATEMENT OF RESPONSIBILITY
ENTREMATIC MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE USE OR RELIANCE ON THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN OR PROVIDED BY THIS SITE. THEREFORE, USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
ENTREMATIC PROVIDES THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT AND SERVICES “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ENTREMATIC DISCLAIMS, EXPRESSLY AND SPECIFICALLY ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF PROPERTY, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES’ RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ENTREMATIC MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, CONTINUITY, OR TIMELINESS OF THE CONTENT, SERVICES, SOFTWARE, TEXT, GRAPHICS, LINKS, OR COMMUNICATIONS PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE USE OF THIS SITE. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL PRECAUTIONS NECESSARY TO ENSURE THAT ANY CONTENT YOU MAY OBTAIN FROM THIS SITE IS FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER POTENTIALLY DESTRUCTIVE COMPUTER CODE.
ENTREMATIC and any person or company associated with ENTREMATIC shall not be liable for any damages of any kind that result from the use or inability to use this website or any content, services or materials provided by or on this site (“this protection”). This protection includes all claims, whether based on warranty, contract, harmful acts, strict liability, or any other legal theory, even if ENTREMATIC is advised of the possibility of such damages. This protection covers all losses, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, and punitive damages; damages resulting from bodily injury or homicide; lost profits; and damages resulting from lost data or business interruption.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND ADVERTISEMENTS
This site may contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely for your convenience and do not represent an endorsement by ENTREMATIC of any content contained in or provided by such third-party websites. This site is not responsible for the content of linked third-party websites; we do not review, control, or monitor the materials on third-party websites; and we do not make any representations regarding the content, accuracy, or legitimacy of materials on these third-party sites.
If you decide to access linked third-party websites from this site, you do so at your own risk. The use of third-party websites is subject to the respective Terms of Use for those third-party websites, including their privacy policies.
In this site decides to include third party advertisements, such advertisements may contain links to other websites. Unless otherwise specified, this site does not endorse any product or make any representation regarding the content, accuracy, or legitimacy of any materials contained in, or available via link from any advertisement on this site.
PRIVACY POLICY NOTICE
ENTREMATIC is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal data. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal data we collect from you in connection with this digital service, how we use that information and why, who we share it with and where and how long we store it for.  In addition, this Privacy Policy describes your rights, including how you can contact us if you have additional questions about processing of your personal data.
ENTREMATIC of 165 Carriage Court, Winston-Salem, NC as “data controller” is responsible for the processing of your personal data.  We collect and store:
When you request information from us:  your name, address, e-mail address and/or telephone number that you submit is collected.  This allows us to respond to your request and send you the information that you requested.
When you order product from us: your contact and delivery details as well as any other information required to verify and fulfill the order, including financial information that you submit to us is collected.  This allows us to perform our contractual obligations to fulfill your order.
When you visit our digital services and websites:  your browsing behavior on the site, such as pages visited and the time spent on each page is collected.  This allows us to understand how our website is being used and to make improvements.
When you become an account holder:  your contact, purchase and financial information in relation to your payments for products is collected.  This allows us to provide you with an online account for your access 24/7 and to contact you as part of our customer care procedures.  This also allows us to send you communications about relevant solutions, products and services, if you have provided your consent to receive communication from us or where we have a legitimate interest to keep you updated.
We may transfer your personal data for the purposes set out above to other companies within the ENTREMATIC group; to third parties who provide services connected to this digital service or its functions, but only to the extent necessary to provide these services.  For example, our digital marketing agency, our hosting provider, our customer support teams and the developers of this digital service; when required by law; or to a buyer or a potential future buyer of our business.
Some recipients may be located in countries outside the EU/European Economic Area (EEA).  As in some cases these countries have a lower level of protection than that within the EU/EEA, when transferring personal data to countries outside the EU/EEA we use standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission to ensure a sufficient level of protection for your personal data. These standard contractual clauses can be found via the following link: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-transfers/transfer/index_en.htm.
We take measures to protect all personal data transferred to a third party, or to other countries, in accordance with applicable data protection laws and as stated above.
We store personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose for which the data has been collected. This means that we delete your personal data when such data is no longer necessary to process a request or an order, or to manage your account, your marketing preferences or our relationship. Statistics which have been anonymized may be saved for longer.  Specific types of data stored and for how long are:
Contact information that you provide, such as your name, company name, address, region/country, phone number and email address are deleted 12 months after becoming inactive.  Email addresses are deleted after three email bounces.
Responses from Entrematic surveys that you participated in are deleted 12 months after the end of the survey period.  Aggregate data that can’t be tied to an individual may be stored longer.
Marketing preferences, such as opt-in or opt-out to receive information and newsletters through email are stored indefinitely as it is a legal requirement to respect your preferences.
Information related to our business relationship, such as data in orders and quotes, requirements that you provide us with and delivery information is stored for the duration of our business relationship and 18 months thereafter.  Data may be stored longer when we are legally required to do so.
In relation to the personal data that we store, you have the right to:
Request a copy of your personal data from our records;
Ask that we correct or erase your personal data (though this may mean that we cannot process requests or orders, or that your account expires);
Ask us to stop processing your personal data (for example as regards the use of the data to improve our website), or restrict how we process your personal data (for example if you deem the data to be incorrect);
Request the personal data used to provide you with information you requested, process an order, or manage your account or our relationship in a machine-readable format, which you are entitled to transfer to another data controller; and
Withdraw your consent to us processing your data for marketing purposes at any time.
Requests to exercise your rights should be addressed to:  ATTN:  Entrematic Data Protection Manager at 165 Carriage Court, Winston-Salem, NC  27105 or marketingdept@amarr.com.
You are entitled to report this to receive annually a copy of your personal data kept on record by us free of charge. ENTREMATIC is responsible for the processing of your personal data and all requests to amend, delete or receive a copy of this information should be sent to ENTREMATIC, 165 Carriage Court, Winston-Salem, North Carolina 27015 and marked “Attention: ENTREMATIC Personal Data Responsible”.
COOKIES
A "cookie" is a small text file that contains information and is stored on your computer. Cookies are used purely for technical purposes to facilitate use of the web page. One type of cookie saves a file permanently on your computer. It can thereafter be used to customize a website based on the user’s choices and interests. The other main type of cookie is called a "session cookie". When you visit a website, session cookies are sent between your computer and the server to collect information. Session cookies are not saved once you close your web browser.  For more information about how cookies work, please visit allaboutcookies.org.
You can restrict or block cookies by changing your browser’s settings. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through the web browser. More information can be found through your web browser’s support pages. Please note that certain areas and functions on this website require cookies and may not function if cookies are deleted or declined.
This ENTREMATIC website uses different kinds of cookies and may include:
Session cookie that stores role names for logged in users to know which roles the logged in user belongs to. Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
Session cookie that determines if a user is authenticated or not after a user has logged in. Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
Session cookie that determines logged in user.  Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
Session cookie that references start page to set the start image in a slideshow.
Session cookie that identifies which requests belong to a particular session and differentiate users.  Only used on websites that use a password protected area.
Permanent cookie that keeps track of active account.  Only used on websites that have an internal e-ship activated.
Some cookies are essential, as without these cookies the website does not function correctly.  These cookies cannot be turned off and are usually set in response to your actions on the site, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
We are continuously working to improve our digital services and websites. In order to do this we use Google Analytics to analyze our users’ behavior on an anonymous and aggregated level. We allow Google Analytics to place and manage cookies on this website to log data about visits and visitors of the website and improve the user experience of the website. These cookies distinguish unique users, session and campaign data from Google Analytics and expire between 24 hours and 2 years.
The website may connect to social media platforms like LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube or Twitter either as a widget or budget link to enable users to engage and share content from our channels on those platforms or as content in their own feed on these channels.  To understand how and what information is collected and what cookies are set by these third parties, please refer to the privacy policy of the appropriate social platform. These cookies integrate this website with social media platforms and expire in 1-2 years.
If you do not wish to accept cookies, your can change your web browser’s settings to automatically deny the storage of cookies or to inform you when a website wants to store cookies on your computer. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through the web browser. More information can be found through web browser’s support pages.  Please note that certain areas and functions of this website require cookies and may not function if cookies are deleted or declined.
For more information regarding the cookies used on this website, please contact us at marketingdept@amarr.com.
EMAIL CONFIDENTIALITY:  Amarr e-mail messages from Entrematic are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Any unauthorized acceptance, review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited and could result in legal action. If you have received any Amarr e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original email and any copies including backups.  We have taken reasonable precautions to minimize the risk of transmitting software viruses, but we advise you to carry out your own virus checks on any attachment to emails from Entrematic. We cannot accept liability for any loss or damage caused by software viruses.
Although we have taken technical, administrative and physical measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. We take strides to protect all our information, but no protection regimen is perfect, and information may be lost or stolen in extreme circumstances. You can always contact us in order to correct your personal information in our systems, update any other information that you have provided to us, or to request that promotional materials not be sent to you.
Entrematic may update this Privacy and Legal Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will notify users of any such changes (including when they will take effect). The latest version of our privacy notice is available through our website.
Your continued use of the digital service after any such updates take effect will constitute acceptance of those changes. If you do not accept any updates to this privacy notice, you should stop using this digital service.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy and Legal Notice, you can contact us at 165 Carriage Court, Winston-Salem, NC  27105 or by e-mailing us at Ask.Amarr@entrematic.com, or by calling us toll-free at 1-800-503-DOOR (3667).
Last Revised:  May 2018
Garage Doors
Carriage Style Doors
Traditional Style Doors
Specialty Style Doors
Steel Doors
Wood Doors
All Garage Doors
Product Reviews
Openers & Accessories
Amarr Garage Door Openers
Linear Garage Door Openers
All Opener Accessories
All Garage Accessories
Mobile App for Door Openers
Before You Buy
Amarr Advantage
Choosing a Garage Door
Energy Efficiency
Garage Door Construction
Product Brochures
Wind Load Garage Doors
CE Approved Garage Doors
Choosing a Dealer
Service & Support
Garage Door Repair
Garage Door Safety
Common Issues
Care & Maintenance
Glossary
FAQs
Owner's Manuals
Register a Warranty
Find a Warranty
File a Warranty Claim
Find a dealer
Become a Dealer
Door Designer
My Favorites
About Us
Press Room
Blog
Videos
Careers
Contact Us
Loading Dock Solutions - Kelley
Loading Dock Solutions – Serco
High Performance Doors – Dynaco
Pedestrian Doors – Ditec
© Entrematic Group AB 2008 – 2020. All rights reserved - 1-800-503-DOOR (3667) Privacy & Legal Notice
Share
MOBILE SITE