http://www.hml-uk.com/help/privacy-statement.htm
for all your ventilation health and safety needs
Specialist Cleaning Services
HomeAbout UsContact UsAccreditationsGlossaryNewsCase StudiesTestimonialsRESOURCES
Privacy Statement
We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
The purpose of this privacy statement is to inform you about the type of information that we gather about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information and whether we give it to anyone. It also informs you of the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information. We reserve the right to change this Statement from time to time, so please check back periodically.
The Statement will explain the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected on this site?
How is it used?
Changes of use of data
Security
Choice/Opt-out
Correct/Update
What anonymous information is collected on this site?
How does this site use cookies?
Links
E-mail Links
Legal Disclaimer
Data Protection Act
What personally identifiable information is collected on this site?
Visitors may supply personally identifiable information (such as name, address or telephone numbers) for various purposes on this site. These purposes include registering to receive e-mail newsletters, requesting further information about our products, or simply asking a question about Hygienic Maintenance Ltd.
Hygienic Maintenance Ltd does not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. This means that you can visit our site without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.
How is it used?
When you supply information about yourself for a specific purpose (registering, asking for advice, making an enquiry), we use the information for that purpose only.
Our primary goal in collecting other information from you (for example by way of cookies see below) is so that we can provide you with a smooth, efficient and customised experience. It allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and helps us to customise our service and the Site to make your browsing experience easier.
From time to time we may also use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with information we think would be of interest.
Changes of use of data
Should any material changes be made to the ways in which we use personally identifiable information, we'll take commercially reasonable measures to obtain e-mail consent from you. We will also post the changes to our use of personally identifiable information on our site at least 30 days prior to a change.
Security
We have taken various steps to put in place security measures to protect this Site from loss, misuse and alteration of information. Our security measures meet or exceed all industry standards for the protection of personally identifiable information.
Personally identifiable information is only accessed by employees on a "need to know" basis. All employees must go through privacy training upon starting with Hygienic Maintenane Ltd.
Choice/Opt-out
If you have registered to receive e-mail communications from us and later change your mind, you may contact us to have your name removed from our distribution lists.
You have the following options to do this:
you can send an e-mail to admin@hml-uk.com or
you can send a letter to the following address:
HML
3 Grooms Court, Parbrook, Billingshurst, West Sussex RH14 9EU
Correct/Update
If you would like to verify the data we have received from you or to make corrections to it, you may contact us directly at the e-mail and postal addresses provided above.
What anonymous information is collected on this site?
Anonymous information is collected for every visitor viewing this site. This includes pages viewed, date and time, and browser type. IP numbers are not stored, but are temporarily used to determine domain type and in some cases, geographic region. We do not make any association between this information and a visitor's identity.
How does this site use cookies and other data collection devices?
We automatically track information based upon your behaviour on our Site using cookies and other devices. Cookies are small files placed on your hard drive that collects information (usually anonymous information as mentioned above) and assists us in providing you with a customised service. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie (for example we use cookies to assist with the login procedure to our site).
You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our Site.
Links
This site may contain links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another site for which we are in no way responsible. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
E-mail Links
We use e-mail links located on this site to allow you to contact us directly via e-mail. We use the information provided in your e-mail to respond to your questions or comments. We may also store your comments for future reference. Your personal information is never shared with third parties.
Legal Disclaimer
If required by Law agencies we may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the law or comply with legal process served on Hygienic Maintenance Ltd.
We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Data Protection Commissioner.
For further information please see our Terms and Conditions.
SPECIALIST CLEANING
Risk AssessmentNational ContractsKitchen Extract CleaningDuctwork CleaningVentilation MaintenanceEnvironmental PolicyExtraordinary CleaningLEV / Fume CupboardsFire / Smoke Damage
SPECIALIST SECTORS
University and EducationCommercial and LeisureLocal AuthorityHospital Ventilation CleaningFood IndustryHotel and CateringMarineTechnical Bulletins
TERMINOLOGY
No results found.
Home
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
Site Map