https://www.clothesource.net/terms/
Terms
Clothesource
1. Site
The Clothesource website is an online information, communication, advertising and sales service provided by Clothesource Limited (hereafter Clothesource). Your access and use of the Website is subject to your accepting the terms and conditions shown below. Please read this information carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using the Website, you agree to be legally bound by these terms and conditions. You may not access or use the Website should you not want to be bound by these terms and conditions. This Agreement may be modified at any time, and any such modification shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified agreement. By your access and use of the Website you agree to periodically review this Agreement and shall be conclusively bound by any such future modifications.
2. Copyright, Licenses and Idea Submissions
The entire contents of the Website are copyrighted under the United Kingdom copyright laws. Unless marked otherwise, Clothesource is the exclusive owner of the copyright. You may print and download portions of the materials solely for your non-commercial useClothesource acknowledges all trademarks used within material published on this site.
2. Disclaimer
You understand that Clothesource cannot and does not guarantee or warrant that files or software of any kind, or from any source, available for downloading through the Website, will be free of infection or viruses, worms, Trojan Horses or other code or defects that manifest contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular requirements for accuracy of data input and output, and for maintaining a means external to the Website for the reconstruction of lost data.
You assume total responsibility for the use of this site and all services provided. Information is made available on an as-is basis and without warranties of any kind (express or implied). Clothesource assumes no responsibility for errors or ommisions on this site or any site to which we link. Clothesource shall assume no responsibility for special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind or any damages whatsoever including, but not limited to, those resulting from loss of use, data or profit arising out of or from the use, communication or transmission of information provided.
Clothesource may make changes, improvement or amendments to information contained on the site. All portions of this disclaimer shall be automatically applied to all said changes, improvements or amendments. It is your responsibility to evaluate the accuracy and completeness of the information provided.
Clothesource offers no guarantee that the website will available or error free at any time or that any defects will be corrected.
If you are dissatisfied with the Website or with any terms, conditions, rules, policies, guidelines or practices of Clothesource in operating the Website your sole remedy is to discontinue using the Website
3. Links to Third Party Sites
The links in the Website will allow other sites to be accessed. These linked sites are not under the control of Clothesource, and Clothesource is not responsible for the contents of any linked site. Clothesource provides links only as a convenience, and such inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Clothesource of the site.
4. Multiple usership
Standard rates quoted are for single users. Unless explicitly stated, usership is restricted to the individual buying or taking out a subscription, Usership may be extended to other members of the same organisation, provided an appropriate multi-seat licence is bought. Agents buying on a client’s behalf must:
– Reveal the relationship to Clothesource
– Ensure the restrictions on use are communicated to their client, and that the client warrants his acceptance of the restriction
5. Academic rates
As a general rule, academic institutions may acquire a multi-seat licence at the standard single-user rate for the product concerned. This licence permits bona fide educational use by students and faculty only, and to access on the institution’s premises only. Access from non-university premises is specifically excluded, though in some cases (for example from residential buildings operated by independent colleges associated with the university) we will extend the licence on application.
The academic licence explicitly EXCLUDES use by faculty or students for external projects generating a fee, and use by delegates to conferences or courses of less than a week’s duration.
Agents wishing to acquire a product with the academic licence on an institution’s behalf must:
– Reveal the relationship to Clothesource
– Ensure the restrictions on use are communicated to the institution, and that an a representative of the institution warrants his acceptance of the restriction
3. Purchase of reports from Clothesource.
SHIPPING
Clothesourcecan ship to virtually any address in the world. Our products are available electronically. We are happy to provide hardcopy: hardcopy orders incur an additional £100 shipping charge.
OUR CONTRACT
Once you place an order for a product or service listed on our website, payment for that product becomes due and owing immediately.
ORDERS/RETURN POLICY
The nature of the information being sold means that Clothesource cannot accept returns of products once they have been dispatched.
4. Membership
a. Joining clothesource.net terms and conditions of membership
License Grant
Access to Clothesource.net is pursuant to a subscription, which, unless specified otherwise in posted pricing policies, grants to a single user authorization to access the Site. Site licenses granting multi-user access to Clothesource.net are available and are subject to written agreement between Clothesource Ltd and the subscriber. Access to all portions of the Site except the home page is permitted only to current paid subscribers, except as authorized (in, for example, the case of trials) by Clothesource Ltd nAll others are prohibited from accessing the subscriber-only portions of the Site. A single copy of information displayed on the Site may be downloaded and viewed and/or printed solely by permitted users for non-commercial personal use only, provided all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials are retained. No other rights in and to the material on the Site are granted to subscribers. Users may establish, through hypertext or other computer links, a link to the non-subscriber accessible portion of the Site. Disclosing sufficient information to any non-subscriber to allow that non-subscriber to deep link to the subscriber-only portions of the Site, is expressly prohibited and a violation of Clothesource Ltd proprietary rights in the material accessible therein. Providing non-subscribers a password enabling access to the subscriber-only accessible portion of the Site is expressly prohibited and a violation of Clothesource Ltd ‘sproprietary rights in the information accessible therein.
b. Conditions For Membership of clothesource.net (“clothesource” or the “Site”)
Please read these Terms and Conditions before using the Site. The Site is owned and operated by, and your contract for the purchase of a Membership subscription is between you and, Clothesource Ltd of Park Street, Charlbury, OX7 3PS, UK (“Clothesource, we, us, our”). By completing the registration process, clicking the “YES” box to agree to these Terms and Conditions, and using this site or any service on this site, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by all terms and conditions of this Membership Agreement.
Clothesource reserve the right to revise these Terms and Conditions from time to time without prior notice to you. Please continue to review these Terms and Conditions of Service (the current version of the Terms and Conditions will be posted at https://clothesource.net/terms/ when using this site. Your continued use of Clothesource.net , following the posting of changes to these Terms and Conditions, will mean that you accept such changes.
c. Services
Through Clothesource.net, Clothesource agrees to provide you with news, commentary, information, analysis, and other online and computer services that Clothesource, in its editorial discretion, may offer subject to the Terms and Conditions of this agreement (collectively, the “Service”).
d. Prices and Payment
Clothesource will charge you fees for access to portions of the Service or for the Service as a whole. In order to use the Service or designated portions of the Service you will be required to register and create an account. You agree to pay all fees (including VAT and all other taxes and charges), incurred through your account at the rates in effect for the billing period in which such fees and charges are incurred, including but not limited to charges for any products or services offered for sale through the Service by Clothesource or by any third party vendor or provider (such fees, charges and taxes shall collectively be referred to as “Fees”). Clothesource reserve the right to change the amount of, or basis for determining, any Fees, and to institute new Fees, effective upon prior notice to you.
In order to set up an account with Clothesource you must provide a valid credit card or debit card. By submitting credit card information, you give Clothesource permission to charge the membership Fees incurred through your account to the credit card you designate on the Registration Form. No further or recurring fees will be automatically charged to your account without prior permission.
Your right to use the Service is subject to any restrictions established by Clothesource or by your credit card issuer. If payment cannot be charged to your credit card or your payment is returned Clothesource for any reason, including charge back, Clothesource reserves the right to either suspend or terminate your account and all its obligations under this Agreement.
If you have reason to believe that your account is no longer secure (for example, in the event of a loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of your ID, password or any credit, debit or charge card number stored on the Service), you must promptly change your password and notify Clothesource of the problem by giving notice by the methods described in Section 7 below.
e. Subscription Renewal
Upon every one-year anniversary of the date on which you subscribed, we will e-mail a bill for renewal of your annual account to you at the e-mail address registered against your account, and your account will be renewed only upon our receipt of your payment of such bill.
f. Registration
As part of the registration and account creation process required to obtain access to this Service, you will need to select a membership ID and a password. You will provide Clothesource with certain registration information, all of which must be accurate and updated (if any of your registration information changes, you can update it by visiting the Account Details screen). You will be solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You are solely responsible for all usage or activity on your Clothesource account including, but not limited to, use of the account by any person authorized by you to use your subscriber ID and password. Customers with corporate accounts must have a nominated account manager. This person will be responsible for allocating accounts up to their subscription limit and for ensuring these corporate members are aware of these terms and conditions.
g. Non-transferability of Subscription
Your right to use Clothesource is personal to you and you may not sub-license, transfer, sell or assign this agreement to any third party without our prior written approval. It is important to note that this means use of your user id by another person, without paying a separate license fee, constitutes a breach of these terms and conditions. Concurrent user id usage is monitored and abuse may result in demand for additional payments and/or termination of access to the service.
h. Notice
Clothesource may give notice(s) to you by means of a general notice on the Service, email to your email address or by written communication sent by mail to the address that you have provided. You may give notice Clothesource (such notice will be deemed to be given when it is received by Clothesource ) by any of the following methods:
(i) Email addressed to subs@clothesource.net; or
(ii) Letter faxed to Clothesource at the following fax number: +44 (0) 1608 810153 or
(iii) Letter delivered by first-class mail prepaid or by courier to Clothesource at the following address:
Membership Subscriptions, Clothesource Ltd., 10 Park Street, Charlbury, Oxfordshire OX7 3PS UK
i. Disclaimer
Content on this Site is for your general information and use. It does not constitute the offering of investment advice either actual or implied and as defined in the Financial Services Act 1986 and should not be relied upon in making (or not making) any decision. We use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the accuracy of the Content. However, we do not guarantee or warrant the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of any Content whether from a third party or otherwise. Views expressed by third parties are their own.
Clothesource’s total liability in contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), misrepresentation or otherwise, arising in connection with the performance or contemplated performance of this Contract shall be limited to the total Fees paid to Clothesource in the 12 months preceding the date on which you suffered loss or damage and in respect of which you suffered or incurred such loss or damage.
We exclude any warranty, express or implied, as to the quality, accuracy, completeness and fitness for a particular purpose of any of the Content on this Site. By accessing this Site you agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any errors or delays in the content or for any actions taken in reliance on it. You also agree that, to the full extent allowed by applicable law, we will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of the content contained in this Site or from your access of other material on the internet via web links from this Site. We do not seek to limit liability in respect of fraudulent misrepresentation nor in respect of death or personal injury directly caused by our negligence.
j. Intellectual Property
All materials on this site (“Online Materials”), including, without limitation, names, logos, trademarks, service marks, images, articles, columns, graphics, photographs, illustrations, artwork, audio clips, video clips, software, and other elements making up the Service are protected by copyrights and other intellectual property rights owned and controlled by Clothesource or by other parties that have licensed their material to Clothesource. Except as specifically provided herein, no Online Materials may be copied, reproduced, republished, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, or otherwise used for any purpose, without the prior written permission of their respective owners. You may not add, delete, distort, or otherwise modify the content on this site. Any unauthorized attempt to modify any Online Material, to defeat or circumvent Clothesource’s security features, or to utilize this site for other than its intended purposes is prohibited.
Members are given permission to print copies of articles for internal, information dissemination use only providing these are not stored, archived or otherwise kept for reference in either physical or electronic storage systems.
k . Terms and Conditions for use of clothesource
You are also bound to observe the Terms and Conditions for use of Clothesource (the current version of the Terms and Conditions will be posted at xxxxx). If you use Clothesource in a manner that is inconsistent with the terms of this Membership Agreement or with the Terms and Conditions for use of Clothesource then Clothesource reserves the right to refuse or discontinue the Service.
4. Privacy policy
Clothesource knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Clothesource, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Clothesource Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your delivery of business information.
Here are the types of information we gather:
– Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customising future shopping for you, improving our products, and communicating with you.
– Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Clothesource.
Note: Your browsing and purchasing patterns for market research information may be commercially sensitive. We recognise this. A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalised experience at Clothesource if we cannot recognise you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
– E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Clothesource if your computer supports such capabilities. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences.
– Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you or your organisation from other sources and add it to our account information.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide additional features such personalised information, and storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Clothesource’s coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
5. . Choice of Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are governed by English Law and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
News
View All
11th November 2020
UK government still hasn’t produced a lorry drivers’ guide
9th November 2020
UK publishes list of its new trade deals
9th November 2020
Pfizer vaccine signals light at end of Covid tunnel
6th November 2020
China’s Australian import ban reveals UK trade advisor’s poor judgement
Opinion
View All
10th December 2020
Stop blaming Amazon
9th November 2020
Trump’s Big Sulk: the oddest result so far
29th December 2018
Unofficial retail data? Be very sceptical
6th November 2018
What’s really made Primark the most profitable British clothing retailer ever?
News & opinions to your inbox
Stay informed and upto date.
Join our mailing list