https://www.thoughtco.com/legality-of-photographing-federal-buildings-3321820
Share
Flipboard
Email
Print
Eric Thayer / Getty Images
Issues
The U. S. Government
History & Major Milestones
U.S. Constitution & Bill of Rights
U.S. Legal System
U.S. Political System
Income Tax & The IRS
Defense & Security
Consumer Awareness
Campaigns & Elections
Business & Finance
U.S. Foreign Policy
U.S. Liberal Politics
U.S. Conservative Politics
Women's Issues
Civil Liberties
The Middle East
Terrorism
Race Relations
Immigration
Crime & Punishment
Canadian Government
View More
By
Tom Murse
Tom Murse is a former political reporter and current Managing Editor of daily paper "LNP," and weekly political paper "The Caucus," both published by LNP Media in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
our editorial process
Tom Murse
Updated September 11, 2019
It is not illegal to take pictures of federal buildings such as courthouses. A court settlement reached in 2010 affirmed the right of citizens to shoot still images and video footage of federal buildings.
But do keep in mind that photographing federal buildings may arouse the suspicions of those around you, particularly federal agents, in the post-9/11 era.
The Musumeci Case
In November 2009, Antonio Musumeci, a 29-year-old Edgewater, N.J., man, was arrested by a Federal Protective Service officer while videotaping in a public plaza outside the Daniel Patrick Moynihan Federal Courthouse in New York.
Musumeci sued the Department of Homeland Security, which has oversight of Protective Service agents who guard federal buildings. In October 2010, he and the public ultimately won and the legality of photographing federal buildings was upheld.
In the case, a judge signed a settlement where the government agreed that no federal statutes or regulations bar the public from taking pictures of the exterior of federal buildings.
The settlement also outlined an agreement where the agency responsible for all government buildings (the Federal Protective Service) had to issue a directive to all of its members about photographers' rights.
The Rules
The federal regulations on the topic are lengthy but concisely address the issue of photographing federal buildings. The guidelines read:
"Except where security regulations, rules, orders, or directives apply or a Federal court order or rule prohibits it, persons entering in or on Federal property may take photographs of -(a) Space occupied by a tenant agency for non-commercial purposes only with the permission of the occupying agency concerned;(b) Space occupied by a tenant agency for commercial purposes only with written permission of an authorized official of the occupying agency concerned; and(c) Building entrances, lobbies, foyers, corridors, or auditoriums for news purposes."
Clearly, Musumeci, who was shooting video footage in a public commons outside the federal courthouse, was in the right and federal agents were in the wrong.
Reasonable Suspicion
As in any case of law enforcement, however, the rules do allow for an officer to investigate a person if there is "reasonable suspicion or probable cause" of illegal activity. This could result in brief detainment or a pat down. And if further suspicion is warranted an arrest could be made.
Government Clarifies
As part of Musumeci's settlement with the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Protective Service said it would remind its officers of the "public's general right to photograph the exterior of federal courthouses from publicly accessible spaces."
It would also restate that "there are currently no general security regulations prohibiting exterior photography by individuals from publicly accessible spaces, absent a written local rule, regulation or order."
Michael Keegan, the chief of public and legislative affairs for the Federal Protective Service, told the media in a statement that the settlement between the government and Musumeci "clarifies that protecting public safety is fully compatible with the need to grant public access to federal facilities, including photography of the exterior of federal buildings."
Though the need for heightened security around federal buildings is understandable, it is clear from the guidelines that the government cannot arrest people simply for taking pictures on public property.
What Is Qualified Immunity? Definition and Examples
What Is Domestic Policy in US Government?
Do Undocumented Immigrants Have Constitutional Rights?
Voting Eligibility Rules for Immigrants
Department of Homeland Security History
Voting Rights Act of 1965
What to Know About Presidential Appointments
Consider a Career in Immigration Services
Firearms and Arrest Authority of U.S. Federal Agencies
Criminal Justice Major: Courses, Jobs, Salaries
The Civil Rights Act of 1866: History and Impact
Carroll v. U.S.: Supreme Court Case, Arguments, Impact
Do I Have to Show the Police My ID?
The US Food Safety System
A Brief Overview of Sanctuary Cities
David Childs Architecture - The World Trade Center & Beyond