http://www.hult.edu/en/legal-privacy
Legal & Privacy PoliciesOur privacy policy
By submitting your personal data to www.hult.edu (hereinafter hult.edu) you acknowledge that Hult International Business School, Inc. registers and stores said personal data for the specific purposes outlined below in this Privacy Policy. You also acknowledge that your personal data may be transferred to and stored in a country that is not a member of the European Union or part of the European Economic Area.
Information about you
When you make a brochure request or sign up for an event on our site or submit a student application, we will need to collect certain information about you such as your name, address, email address, sex, phone number and date of birth.
We may share your personal data with our partners, educational agents or other third parties both within and outside the EU/EEA but only to the extent necessary for the purposes for which it has been collected. Hult has put appropriate safeguards in place for transfers of your personal data outside the EEA/Switzerland, including the standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission.
The personal information you provide when making a request or placing an order for brochures is only used to complete that request, for customer service, administrative services or as otherwise necessary to perform the contract between you and us or as further described in this policy. We will not use such information in order to send updates, brochures on our new products and services or other marketing material to you, unless you have explicitly indicated this in the request form you have completed.
When answering emails, we will use return email addresses. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We will only keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purposes for which it has been collected or in accordance with time limits stipulated by law and market practice, unless further retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or unless a specific time period has been communicated.
Information about a friend
If you wish to send a digital postcard or tell a friend about a particular program, we will ask for the recipient’s name, email address and phone number. The information provided will only be used to confirm message delivery and it will not be shared with outside parties except to the extent necessary to confirm that message.
The information you provide to create a message is only used for that purpose and it is only disclosed to the recipient.
Information about all visitors of hult.edu
Hult may gather certain usage information from Hult.edu, like the numbers and frequency of visitors to our web site. Such information may be provided to reputable third-party vendors. The data is only used on the aggregate and does not include any personally identifying information.
Children's privacy
For the protection of children’s privacy, we require parental consent from users under the age of 16 who wish to make a request.
Use of cookies
Hult uses a technology nicknamed "cookies". Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record keeping purposes. They tell us how and when pages on our site are visited and by how many people.
Cookies do not collect personally identifiable information, although they do identify a user’s computer. We do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information in order to detect who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent this. If you do so however, you may not be able to take full advantage of our web site. The complete online reservation process can for example only be accessed if you accept cookies.
Accuracy
Hult will at your request or on our own initiative replenish, rectify or erase any incomplete, accurate or outdated personal data on you.
Data security
Personal information collected by hult.edu is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. We use appropriate organizational, technical and administrative measures to keep the personal data under our control accurate and up-to-date, as well as to protect the personal data against unauthorized or unlawful processing and the accidental loss, destruction or damage of the personal data.
Your Rights
You may contact us to find out which information about you is being used.
You have the right to, at any time, withdraw your consent or object to us using your personal data for direct marketing purposes and you may at any time request that the use of your personal data is restricted or that we shall delete your personal data. Note however that a restriction or deletion could mean that we are not able to provide you with information, services or products as you have requested. Upon your request, we are also obliged to correct personal data about you that is incorrect, incomplete or misleading.
Areas not covered by this privacy policy
This policy only applies to hult.edu and not to other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we may link.
Amendments
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post any amendments on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it to other companies.
Your opinion
Hult.edu welcomes your questions and comments about our privacy policy. Please contact us at Hult International Business School Inc., 1 Education Street, Cambridge MA, or email hult.finance@hult.edu. If you have complaints about our handling of your Personal Data, you have a right to contact the supervisory authority in the country where you live.
Legal policies and procedures
Under the guidance of the UK’s Office for Students, the School has prepared the following documents to provide information on our diverse body of students and ensure transparency on our processes.
Access and Participation Statement
Student Protection Policy
Student Complaints Policy
Student Complaints Form
Transfer students
Candidates who have studied at another accredited university or business school will be assessed for transfer credits into the Hult Bachelor of Business Administration upon receipt of their official transcripts. Total transfer credits may cover up to half of the Hult Bachelor of Business Administration (60 US credits). The actual amount of transfer credits awarded will depend on the similarity of awarded credits to the Hult curriculum, with a minimum grade threshold of the equivalent of a US C grade. Students who seek to transfer out of Hult will be provided a transcript covering all credits and grades obtained, which they may present to another institution.
Campus crime statistics
Clery act
Hult International Business School is a community of individuals dedicated to teaching and learning. We are committed to making everyone on campus safe, enhancing public safety through education and prevention.
Under the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act), Hult must report any crimes of which it has knowledge—whether through a local police department or non-law enforcement school officials that occur:
on campus, with a separate designation for crimes in dormitories.
in or on certain noncampus buildings or property.
on certain public property.
The definitions of campus, noncampus building or property, and public property under the Clery Act are as follows:
The term campus means:
Any building or property owned or controlled by an institution of higher education within the same reasonably contiguous geographic area of the institution and used by the institution in direct support of, or in a manner related to, the institution’s educational purposes, including residence halls.
Property within the same reasonably contiguous geographical area of the institution that is owned by the institution but controlled by another person, is used by students, and supports institutional purposes (such as a food or other retail vendor).
The term noncampus building or property means:
Any building or property owned or controlled by a student organization recognized by the institution.
Any building or property (other than a branch campus) owned or controlled by an institution of higher education that is used in direct support of, or in a relation to, the institution’s educational purposes, is used by students, and is not within the same reasonably contiguous geographic area of the institution.
The term public property means all public property that is within the same reasonably contiguous geographic area of the institution, such as a sidewalk, a street, other thoroughfare, or parking facility, and is adjacent to a facility owned or controlled by the institution if the facility is used by the institution in direct support of, or in a manner related to, the institution’s educational purposes.
The term unfounded crimes refers to any crime that law enforcement authorities investigated and determined to be false or baseless. In other words, no crime occurred. Only sworn law enforcement personnel can make a formal determination that a crime is unfounded. School officials cannot remove a crime report from this report without a formal law enforcement report.
Statistics are accurate as of the date of publication.
Boston campus Clery report
San Francisco campus Clery report
London Undergraduate campus Clery report
London Postgraduate campus Clery report
Dubai campus Clery report
Shanghai campus Clery report
New York campus Clery report
San Francisco housing fire report
Boston housing fire report
Security and access
During business hours, the School will be open to students, employees, guests, and invitees. During non-business hours access to all School facilities is by ID, or by admittance via a student, faculty or staff member with a valid ID.
Emergencies may necessitate changes or alterations to any posted schedules.
Campus law enforcement authority
Members of the Hult staff and have the authority to ask persons for identification and to determine whether individuals have lawful business at Hult International Business School. Criminal incidents are referred to local law enforcement authorities. All crime victims and witnesses are strongly encouraged to immediately report the crime to the Local Police Department and the Hult CET. Prompt reporting will assure timely warning notices on-campus and timely disclosure of crime statistics.
If an incident occurs on campus the Hult CET will communicate regularly with the Local Police Departments. The Hult CET works closely with the local police investigative staff when incidents arise that require joint investigative efforts, resources, crime-related reports and exchanges of information, as deemed necessary. There is no written memorandum of understanding between Hult and any local police department.
Accurate and prompt crime reporting
Community members, students, faculty, staff, and guests are encouraged to report all on-campus crimes and public safety-related incidents to the Hult Campus Emergency Team (CET) in a timely manner.
During orientation, students are informed of security procedures in the building and local law enforcement services. Similar information is presented to new employees.
A common theme of all awareness and crime prevention programs is to encourage students and employees to be aware of their responsibility for their own security and the security of others.
In addition to the initial orientation, information is disseminated to students and employees through online systems such as myHult and emailed reminders.
When time is of the essence, information is released to the school community through security alerts posted prominently throughout campus and through memos sent over the school's electronic mail system.
Download the policy PDF >
Disability policies and procedures
Hult International Business School is committed to providing equal access to its educational opportunities, programs, and activities. In compliance with Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act and Section III of the Americans with Disabilities Act, Hult will provide reasonable accommodations to students with disabilities. A reasonable accommodation is a modification or adjustment to a course, program, or activity that enables a qualified student with a disability to obtain equal access.
Note that accommodations are approved on a case-by-case basis.
Download the policy PDF ›
Drugs, alcohol, and weapons policy
Drug and alcohol policy
Hult strictly prohibits:
• the possession and/or abuse of drugs or alcohol on School property, or while representing the School;
• the sale or purchase of drugs on School property, or while representing the School;
• being under the influence of drugs or alcohol on School property, or while representing the School.
This policy applies to all forms of alcohol, illegal drugs, and legal drugs which impair job performance (unless use of the drug has been prescribed by a physician).
This policy is not intended to prohibit consumption of alcohol in moderation at School-sponsored or authorized functions where alcohol is served.
Students who are suspected of violating this policy may be: placed on disciplinary probation, asked to submit to a drug or alcohol test, or required to participate in a drug or alcohol rehabilitation program.
As a condition of continued enrollment at the School, students must agree to abide by this policy. Students who believe they may have a drug or alcohol problem are encouraged to consult the Associate Director of Student Services who can provide information on rehabilitation programs or other assistance. All inquiries will be held in strict confidence.
Weapons
Hult International Business School prohibits the possession or use of any items that could be used or are used to harm, or threaten to harm, another individual. Hult strictly prohibits the possession of explosives, loaded or unloaded firearms and any other weapon. The use of any such item in a threatening manner is strictly prohibited on the Hult campuses or at any Hult-sponsored events. This prohibition includes, but is not limited to, chemical sprays, knives, switchblades, martial arts weapons, ammunition, darts, BB guns and paintball guns, and any other item that may be used to do bodily injury or damage. Hult also prohibits storing of any of those prohibited items in any campus building or on campus grounds. This list of prohibited items is not exhaustive and is provided by way of example only. Therefore, students with questions regarding whether an item is prohibited should consult with the Director of Operations locally.
Prohibited items will be confiscated and violators may be subject to criminal prosecution and/or referral for disciplinary action, up to and including expulsion from Hult International Business School.
Read the full policy ›
Missing student notification
Process
Hult International Business School requires all students to provide contact information and an emergency contact to the School. Students must identify their contact on the Student Portal. This person will be notified in the event the student is officially reported as missing. Hult will investigate every report of a missing student and initiate an investigation based on department policy.
If a student for whom a missing person report has been filed has been missing for more than 24 hours, then within the next 24 hours the Hult will:
• Begin search procedures.
• Notify appropriate law enforcement officials in the Residence area by going to the police station with a copy of the student’s passport and other relevant documents/information.
• Notify the individual identified by the student to be contacted in such circumstances.
• If the student is under 18 years old and not emancipated, notify a parent or guardian.
The police station will contact the embassy of the student who is missing and will coordinate the search for the student with the embassy. All students should be reported missing to the police station they are registered at, if students are living out of the Residence we will need to contact their local police station.
Students, employees, or other individuals who believe that a student living in the Residence has been missing for 24 hours may report it to the Residence Manager.
Students, employees, or other individuals who believe that a student living outside of the Residence has been missing for 24 hours may report it to the Student Service Manager. All faculty, staff, or students who receive a report of a missing student should immediately report it to the Residence Manager or Student Services Manager.
Download the policy PDF ›
Harassment and Bullying
Policy
Hult International Business School is committed to protecting employees and students and to promoting an atmosphere free from harassment and bullying, where everyone is treated with dignity and respect.
The School does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, or physical disability in admission to, access to, or treatment in its programs and activities. The School strictly prohibits sexual, racial, and other types of harassment of students, staff, and faculty. Words, gestures, actions, or other behavior which tends to alarm, intimidate, ridicule, embarrass, or insult individuals, or which tends to create a hostile or abusive environment, will not be tolerated and may subject the individual to dismissal from the School.
What to do if a student is experiencing bullying or harassment
Whenever possible, Hult encourages students to try to resolve harassment and bullying incidents informally. There may be instances, where due to the incident’s seriousness it would only be appropriate to resolve matters formally.
If the student is comfortable, it is recommended that the student should go and talk to the person concerned and explain to them that their behavior is causing offense and ask them to stop. It is best to approach the person at the earliest opportunity to prevent the behavior from escalating.
Hult encourages students who might be subject to any of the behaviors described above to keep accurate written record of any incidents. Students should document: date, time and location of the incident, details on the behavior displayed and information on any witnesses.
Read the full policy ›
Sexual harassment, assault, and grievance policies
Sexual harassment policy
On-Campus Title IX Policy
What to do
If you have experienced sexual harassment, assault, misconduct, or discrimination, or are a friend or relative of someone who has, you are encouraged to report incidences to the Student Services Head on campus or the Title IX Coordinator.
If you are the victim of sexual assault, get to a safe place immediately. You are encouraged to report incidences to the Students Services Head on campus and seek medical attention and counseling. You may also decide to report it as a crime. Regardless of whether you choose to see any or all or none of these resources, you may also file a grievance with Hult
Title IX Coordinator:
Karen Van Dyne
1 Education St.
Cambridge, MA 02141 U.S.A
Karen.VanDyne@hult.edu | +1 (617) 619-1097
Timely warning and emergency preparedness
Issuing timely warnings
In the event that a situation arises, either on or off-campus, that, in the judgment of the Campus Emergency Team (CET), constitutes an ongoing or continuing threat, a campus-wide “timely warning” will be issued. The warning will be issued through the school e-mail system to students, faculty, and staff as well as posted on myHult.
Anyone with information warranting a timely warning should report the circumstances to a member of the CET by phone or in person.
Emergency response and evacuation procedures
In the event of an actual emergency the campus community will be notified through e-mail and a message posted to myHult. Students must take responsibility for regularly checking their e-mail. In order to receive campus-wide e-mail announcements, students must have a School e-mail account, which is assigned and sent to each student at the beginning of the academic school year.
Emergency response
The School conducts emergency response exercises each year, such as tests of the emergency notification systems on campus. These tests are designed to assess and evaluate the emergency plans and capabilities of the institution.
Notification to the Hult community about an immediate threat
In the event of a serious incident that poses an immediate threat to members of the Hult community, the School has systems in place for communicating information quickly. Some or all of these methods of communication may be activated in the event of an immediate threat to the Hult campus community. These methods of communication include network emails and updates to Hult Online. The School will post updates during a critical incident via e-mail and Hult Online as deemed appropriate and necessary by the School.
Testing emergency response and evacuation procedures
Hult conducts announced and unannounced drills and exercises each year and conducts follow-through activities designed for assessment and evaluation of emergency plans and capabilities. Hult will publish a summary of its emergency response and evacuation procedures in conjunction with at least one drill or exercise each calendar year.
Shelter-in-place procedures
If an incident occurs and the buildings or areas around you become unstable, or if the air outdoors becomes dangerous due to toxic or irritating substances, it is usually safer to stay indoors, because leaving the area may expose you to that danger. Thus, to "shelter-in-place" means to make a shelter of the building that you are in, and with a few adjustments this location can be made even safer and more comfortable until it is safe to go outside.
Read the full policy and instructions on shelter-in-place procedures ›
Hult’s Whistleblower policy
Read Hult’s Whistleblower Policy here >
Audited Financial Statement
Read Hult’s Audited Financial Statement FY19 here >Lifelong learning for Alumni Terms & Conditions
Hult Alumni (including Ashridge, ADL, and Huron alumni) are only eligible to participate in one-course-per-year.
Course capacity is allocated on a first-come-first-serve basis. Courses take place from May to August of each academic year.
All alumni are required to pay an administration fee at registration to participate in a course.
Registration for the 2020 lifelong learning opportunities opens and closes in Spring 2020. We will not be able to accommodate any registrations after this deadline.
Participating alumni are responsible for all travel and accommodation expenses across all campuses, including Ashridge Estate campus.
Alumni enrolling for a course in the U.S. or U.K. must hold/process a valid visa to be able to visit the San Francisco, Boston, New York City, or London campus, as per each country’s immigration laws. The school cannot help or issue invitation letters for any of our campuses.
All courses are for audit purposes and no credits will be allotted.
Refund policy
We operate a strict no refund policy. Please ensure you can attend selected LLL opportunities before completing registration and paying admin fee.
Alumni cannot transfer or change their course once registration is complete.
Alumni cannot defer the administration fee to participate in future lifelong learning opportunities.
Alumni Relations will notify alumni who have mistakenly registered for more than one Lifelong Learning Opportunity. Alumni must reply within 24 hours regarding their course preference in order to be eligible for a refund of their $100 USD administration fee.
After 24 hours, we will only keep the first registration made and will release the seat(s) of other the registered courses. No refund will be given after 24 hours.
United States CARES ActOn March 27, 2020, the Federal government enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), Pub L. No. 116-136, providing funds to institutions from the Higher Education Emergency Relief Fund (HEERF) to make Emergency Financial Aid Grants to Students for expenses related to the disruption of campus operations due to coronavirus, including eligible expenses under s student’s cost of attendance, such as food, course materials, technology, health care, and child care. Read moreQuarterly Budget and Expenditure ReportProgram Terms & ConditionsBachelor Degree ProgramBachelor Degree Program - Full terms and conditionsMasters Degree ProgramMasters Degree Program - Full terms and conditionsPart-Time Masters in Business Analytics - Full terms and conditionsLive Online Masters in Business Analytics - Full terms and conditionsOne-Year MBAOne-Year MBA - Full terms and conditionsExecutive MBAExecutive MBA - Full terms and conditionsLive Online MBALive Online MBA - Full terms and conditionsDoctorate of Business Administration (DBA)Doctorate of Business Administration - Full terms and conditionsAlumni Lifelong LearningAlumni Lifelong Learning - Full terms and conditionsWe use cookies to enhance the user experience and improve the quality of our site. Accept cookies to hide this message. Read our privacy policy here.Accept cookies