http://www.carcareers.com/privacy-policy
Privacy
Policy
This
policy applies to any person whose data is collected or processed
(“Data Subjects”) by Carcareers.com via the Carcareers.com
website (www.carcareers.com)
or the downloadable Carcareers.com software application and
communicates Carcareers.com’s policy regarding the collection, use,
disclosure and processing of data collected from any Data Subject to
protect their rights in their personal data.
1.
Collection of Information
Carcareers.com
collects information from Data Subjects who visit the Carcareers.com
website or utilize the downloadable Carcareers.com software
application, either via the website visit itself, the voluntary
supply of form information, or social media interactions and other
electronic communications. Carcareers.com may collect information
from visitors to its website using cookies, server logs, and similar
technologies.
1.1
Information Provided Voluntarily
When
you fill out a form or communicate directly with Carcareers.com,
Carcareers.com collects only the information you provide.
Carcareers.com will process this information to administer your
account should you create one. You should not provide information you
regard as highly personal or sensitive unless required for
Carcareers.com to provide its services to you and you agree to the
terms of this Privacy Policy.
1.2
Information Collected Via the Website
Carcareers.com
may collect the following information from its website visitors:
Log
information, including browser type, the time, duration and
frequency of your visit, the pages viewed, hyperlinks accessed,
messages, your IP address and the page you visited before visiting
the website.
Device
information, including information identifying the device and
network used to access the website.
Your
location information.
Data
collected by cookies and pixel tags, as well as similar tracking
means.
Other
information, if your consent is given.
1.3
Information from Other Sources
Carcareers.com
may collect information about you from qualified resellers, including
social media websites, but only if you have given consent.
Carcareers.com may also collect information about you from publicly
available sources.
Carcareers.com
may use and allow others to use cookies, beacons, device identifiers,
and other technologies to collect information about your use of the
website and other and online services.
2.
Use of Information
Carcareers.com
uses information about you to:
•
Operate
its website.
•
Communicate
with you.
•
Send
you updates you have requested based on your account preferences.
•
Meet its legal or
contractual obligations, or protect its interests, your interests or
the interests of others.
3.
Sharing of Information
Carcareers.com
only shares information about you:
through
its website, according to your profile and settings;
with
social media services, subject to the choices you may make via the
website;
to
third-party website service providers in furtherance of providing
information you have elected to receive;
to
authorities to meet legal obligations and to protect and defend our
rights and property, as well as that of others, and
to
any of our affiliate or successor entities as part of a corporate
transaction.
Carcareers.com
partners with third-party websites in order to enhance the services
provided to you by Carcareers.com based on your account preferences.
When you visit any such third-party website, you will be subject to
the terms of the privacy policy associated with any such third-party
website.
4.
Additional Details
Carcareers.com
may allow others to process your information on behalf of
Carcareers.com for the purpose of search engine optimization and
other website analytics. Carcareers.com is based in the United States
and follows its laws related to data privacy and security. You may be
able to disable the collection or use of this information.
Carcareers.com
uses commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal
information and has internal policies and procedures designed to
accomplish this. Carcareers.com cannot, however, guarantee these
controls will provide absolute security.
Carcareers.com
employs industry standard technical solutions designed to prevent
unauthorized access collection, use, disclosure, copying,
modification or disposal of your information. Carcareers.com stores
all information that you provide on secure servers and employs
encryption technologies to protect your data. Carcareers.com uses
firewalls designed to protect against intruders and test for network
vulnerabilities, although these measures do not eliminate the threat
of a data breach.
If
you have a password that allows you to log into our website, you are
responsible for keeping it secure. If you would like to update or
change your password, you may go to your login page and follow the
reset instructions.
Carcareers.com
may retain certain information collected from you:
so
you can use the website;
to
ensure that Carcareers.com does not communicate with you if you have
opted out;
to
provide you with a refund, if entitled;
to
provide accurate accounting information;
to
better understand the traffic to our website;
to
detect and prevent abuse of our website, illegal activities and
breaches of our terms and conditions of service, and
to
comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements.
5.
Your Choices
You
can review and change information about you or deactivate your
account in your account settings, but Carcareers.com may retain
certain information.
You
can remove photo tags.
You
can change Carcareers.com’s ability to use your location
information.
You
have the right to opt out of receiving messages from Carcareers.com.
6.
Data Rights
You
have the right to exercise your data protection rights, including to
request that Carcareers.com deletes, amends, or provides you access
to your information.
You
have the right to opt out of receiving Carcareers.com’s
promotional messages, but you may still receive other
communications.
You
can complain to your local data protection authority about the use
of your information.
Other
rights that you may have, depending on the country in which you live,
include:
Accessing,
correcting, updating, or requesting deletion of your
information.
Objecting
to processing of your information, asking us to restrict
processing of your information, or requesting the
portability of your information.
Withdrawing
your consent at any time if Carcareers.com has collected and
processed your information with your consent.
7.
Minors
Carcareers.com
makes employment opportunities visible to prospective employees who
meet the requirements for becoming accepting such employment
opportunities, including any applicable age requirements.
Carcareers.com is not intended for use by any person under the age of
18 without the supervision of a parent or legal guardian.
Carcareers.com does not knowingly collect data from anyone under the
age of 13 years and shall promptly delete any such information
collected unknowingly upon discovery. If you believe Carcareers.com
has obtained any personal information from or about a person under
the age of 13 years, please contact privacy@carcareers.com.
Contact
Us
If
you have any questions, you can contact us at
privacy@carcareers.com.com.
Last
modified February 26, 2020.
Contact Us:
CARCAREERS.COM LLC
2036 Carolina Place Drive, Fort Mill, SC 29708
info@carcareers.com