http://www.conprinta.com/en/privacy
english
deutschenglish
Products
CONPRINTA IMDCONPRINTA PVUTechnologyService
Technical ServiceAcademyConsultingCareerAbout us
Company historyNewsMediaLocations
TECHNOLOGY. COMPETENCE. TRUST.
Privacy Statement
Data Protection and Privacy Policy We would like to welcome to our website and we are delighted you are interested in our company and our products. CONPRINTA GmbH & Co. KG (henceforth: CONPRINTA) takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to the entire CONPRINTA website, for which CONPRINTA GmbH & Co. KG named in the Imprint is responsible.
In this document we hereby inform you about the collection of personal data in the use of our website. Personal data are all data which are personally related to you, for example, name, address, email addresses, user behaviour. We have undertaken extensive technical and operational safeguards in order to protect your data from accidental or intentional manipulations, loss, destruction or from access by unauthorised persons. Our security procedures are reviewed regularly and adjusted to take any technological advances into account.
1    Controller for data processingThe controller pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Article 4 (7) is CONPRINTA GmbH & Co. KG, Luttertal 72, 37075 Göttingen, GermanyTel.: +49 551 508397 0Email: datenschutzbeauftragter@conprinta.com  2    How to contact the data protection officerYou can contact our data protection officer at  datenschutzbeauftragter@conprinta.com  or via our mailing address marked “The Data Protection Officer”.
3    Your rightsIn relation to us you have the following rights regarding your personal data:
3.1    General rightsYou have the right of access, rectification, erasure, of restriction of processing, of objection to the processing and of data portability. Provided that the processing is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw consent from us with future effect.
3.2    Rights regarding data processing according to legitimate interestYou have the right pursuant to GDPR Article 21 (1) on grounds relating to your particular situation, to object at any time to processing of personal data concerning you which is based on GDPR Article 6 (1) (e) (data processing in the public interest) or on GDPR Article 6 (1) (f) (data processing to protect a legitimate interest) and this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. In the event of your objection, we shall no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
3.3    Rights relating to direct marketingWhere we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, you shall have the right pursuant to GDPR Article 21 (2) to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing purposes and this also applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing.
In the event that you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, we shall no longer process your personal data for these purposes.
3.4    Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authorityYou also have the right to lodge a complaint with the responsible data protection supervisory authority about the processing of your personal data.
4    Collection of personal data in the use of our websiteIf you use our website for informational purposes only, in other words, if you do not register on the site or transfer information to us in any other way, we only collect the personal data that your browser transmits to our server. If you want to view our website we collect the following data which are required technically by us in order to display our website to you and to ensure the stability and security. The legal basis for this is GDPR Article 6 (1)(f).
The protocol file includes the following data: name of the file accessed, date and time of access, volume of data transferred, notification of successful access, web browser and domain name of the requesting website.
In addition, the IP addresses of the accessing machines are logged.
The data are also deleted after a statistical evaluation and then only used to improve the attractiveness, content and functionalities of our websites.
5    Making contact by email or contact formIf you contact us by email or via a contact form the data that you share with us (your email address, if applicable your name, telephone number and your postal address) will be saved by us so that we can answer your questions. If we ask for inputs from you via our contact form which are not required solely for the purpose of making contact, we always mark these as optional. These details are used by us to learn more about your query and to improve our processing of your issue. The communication of these data is expressly voluntary and is provided with your consent as stated in GDPR Article 6 (1)(a). To the extent that here it is a question of information regarding communications channels (for instance, email address, telephone number) you also consent that we can also contact you via these communications channels in order to answer your issue. You can of course withdraw your consent for the future at any time. An email to the email address info@conprinta.com suffices here.
We erase any data that occurs in this context once their storage is no longer required, or we restrict the processing in the case of statutory retention obligations.
6   Job applicationsYou may apply for a job with our company via electronic means, in particular via email or a web form. We shall of course only use your data to process your application and they shall not be forwarded to third parties. Please note that any emails sent unencrypted are not transmitted with access-protection.
If you have applied for a specific job and this position has already been filled or if we consider that another job is equally or even better suited to you, then we would be pleased to forward your application within the company. Please inform us if you do not consent to this forwarding.
Your personal data will be erased immediately upon completion of the application procedure, or after a maximum of 6 months unless you have expressly given your consent for a longer storage period for your data or if a contract has been concluded. The legal basis for this is GDPR Article 6 (1) (a)(b)(f) and the German Data Protection Act (BDSG) Article 26.
7    Newsletter 7.1    General informationWith your consent in accordance with GDPR Article 6 (1)(a), you can subscribe to our Newsletter through which we inform you about our current offers and/or press releases.For registration to our Newsletter we use the double opt-in procedure. This means that after your registration we send an email to you to the specified email address in which we request confirmation that you wish to be sent the Newsletter.
We also save the IP addresses you used and the times of the registration and the confirmation. The purpose of the procedure is to prove your registration and, if applicable, clarify a possible misuse of your personal data.
Mandatory inputs for the sending of the Newsletter are your salutation, name and email address. After your confirmation we save these data for the purpose of sending the Newsletter with a personal form of address. The legal basis for this is GDPR Article 6 (1)(a).
You can withdraw your consent for the sending of the Newsletter at any time and deregister for the Newsletter.
8    Use of social media plugins
This website uses social media plugs in of the Provider
• LinkedIn (Operator: LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland)
As standard these plugins normally collect data from you and transmit these to the servers of the respective provider. In order to guarantee the protection of your privacy we have undertaken technical measures which ensure that your data cannot be collected by the operators of the respective plugins without your consent. When accessing a website where the plugins are incorporated they are initially deactivated. Only by clicking on the respective symbol are the plugins activated and you hereby give your consent that your data is transferred to the respective provider. The legal basis for the use of plugins is GDPR Article 6 (1) (a) and (f).
After activation these plugins also collect personal data such as your IP address and send these to the server of the respective provider where they are saved. When accessing the website concerned, the activated social plugins also set a cookie with a unique identifier. This also enables the providers to create profiles about your user behaviour. This also occurs if you are not a member of the social network of the respective provider. If you are a member of the social network of the provider and you are logged into the social network during your visit to this website, your data and information about the visit to this website can be linked with your profile on the social network. We have no influence on the specific extent of the data collected by the respective provider. Please consult the privacy policies of the respective social network providers for more information on the extent, type and purpose of the data processing and the rights and settings options for the protection of your privacy. These can be retrieved at the following address:
LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
9    Use of cookies:When you use our website cookies are saved on your computer. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard disk and assigned to the browser you use and through which information flows to the cookie setter. Cookies cannot run programs or transfer viruses to your computer. They serve to make our website more user-friendly and effective.
This website uses the following types of cookies and their extent and function are explained in more detail below:
9.1    Transient cookies These cookies are deleted automatically when you close the browser. This cookie type includes session cookies in particular. These save a Session-ID through which different requests from your browser are assigned to the entire session. This means that your computer is recognised again when you return to our website. The session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
9.2    Persistent cookies These cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period that can differ depending on the cookie. You can delete the cookies at any time in the safety settings of your browser.
9.3    Prevention of cookiesYou can configure your browser settings according to your own wishes and for example you can reject acceptance of third-party cookies or all cookies. We do advise, however, that then you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
9.4    Legal bases and storage periodThe legal bases for any possible processing of personal data and their storage periods vary and are stated in the sections below.
10     Data transferData is in principle not forwarded to third parties unless we are under a legal obligation to do so, or if the data forwarding is required for the execution of the contractual relationship or you have previously expressly consented to the forwarding of your data. External service providers and partner companies such as the shipping company commissioned to make the delivery shall only receive your data to the extent they are required for handling your order. In these cases the extent of the transmitted data is restricted to the requisite minimum. If our service providers come into contact with your personal data, we ensure within the framework of contract data processing pursuant to GDPR Article 28 that they comply with data protection legislation in the same way. Please also observe the respective privacy notices of the provider. The respective service provider is responsible for the content of external services whereby to the extent that this is reasonable we undertake a verification of the services for compliance with statutory requirements.11    Website analysesFor the purposes of analysis and optimization of our websites we use services which are specified below. This enables us, for instance, to analyze how many users visit our site, which information is the most requested or how users find our website. We also collect data about the website from which a data subject arrived at a specific web page (known as referrer), which sub-pages of the website were accessed or how often and for what period a sub-page was viewed. This helps us to design and improve our website offers to be more user-friendly. The data collected here are not used to identify individual users personally. Anonymous or at most pseudonymous data is collected. The legal basis for this is GDPR Article 6 (1) (f).
11.1    Lead ForensicsThis website uses Lead Forensics, an identification tool provided by Lead Forensics Ltd, (3000 Lakeside North Harbour, Western Rd, Portsmouth PO6 3EN. England). Lead Forensics works on the basis of Reverse Business IP Tracking. A small tracking code is placed on this website, allowing it to identify the business IP addresses of its website visitors.
Lead Forensics matches the identified business IP address with a global database of corporate and business information. Lead Forensics software is designed to use business-related information to effectively match a business IP address with broader business data to provide business-related visitor information. Lead Forensics does not identify any personal IP addresses, mobile devices, or other data other than the company's own. Business information is not personal information.If you do not agree, you may opt out of data collection, processing, and storage at any time with future effect by clicking the following link: https://optout.leadforensics.com/?clientID=175066
12    Data SecurityWe have undertaken extensive technical and operational safeguards in order to protect your data from accidental or intentional manipulations, loss, destruction or from access by unauthorised persons. Our security procedures are reviewed regularly and adjusted to take any technological advances into account.
Status: May 2018