http://www.usadata.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
What We Do
Enrich Customer Data
Find New Customers
Software for Simpler Marketing
Who We Serve
Dental / DSO
HVAC
Insurance
Retail
About Us
Resources
Case Studies
Reviews
Tips, Articles, Guides & Tools
Webinars
Contact
Sign In | Sign Up
Privacy Policy
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: Please review USADATA’s California Privacy Policy
As a leader of providing marketing and data services, USADATA is committed to individuals having control over their personal information, and to protecting the privacy and interests of our clients and visitors. It’s important to us that you know the following:
We do not sell, trade, or rent personal information collected from our clients. If you place an order with us, it may be necessary to share information with our partners to fulfill your order. We regularly review the privacy policies of our partners and believe them to be trustworthy.
USADATA does not collect any Consumer information nor does it have any direct access to personally identifiable information (PII).
Certain of our products include personal information provided by a limited set of reputable third-party data sources.  USADATA does not retain, use, or disclose personal information collected to provide services to one client to provide services to other clients, or for its own commercial purposes, though it may use such information to build or improve the quality of its services and/or to detect data security incidents, or protect against fraudulent or illegal activity. USADATA securely destroys all personal information collected at the conclusion of each client project.
You may register for the Direct Marketing Association’s DMAchoice service to control the types of mail you receive and to register for various Do Not Contact lists.
Orders utilizing any selection options considered sensitive (e.g. religion, ethnicity) are automatically placed on hold and reviewed for privacy compliance.
If you have any questions about our policy or CCPA (California Consumer Privacy Act), you may contact us for more information at 800.395.7707 or at privacy@usadata.com.
USADATA, Inc.
875 3rd Ave, 6th floor
New York, NY 10022
Inquire with our friendly Data and Digital experts for a
free consultation!
CONTACT US
USADATA, Inc.
875 3rd Ave, 6th floor
New York, NY 10022
212.679.1411 | info@usadata.com
© 2020 USADATA, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Press Releases
|
COVID-19 StatementDo Not Sell My Personal Information