http://www.jamesanzalone.com/privacypolicy.html
Anzalone
...Architecture pllc....
creative design + code expertise
332 Douglass St #2F, Brooklyn, NY, 11217
Tel: 718-852-8580
Fax: 347-214-0124
Services and
Resources:
Our Services Include:
Architectural Design
Code/Zoning
Consultation
Links:
Our Mission
Credentials
Client
List
Portfolio
Request a Proposal for Services
Employment Opportunities
Privacy
Policy
Home
Blogs:
Permitspace
Permitpedia
Privacy Policy:
This is
the web site of Anzalone Architecture PLLC.
Our
postal address is
332 Douglass Street, Suite 2F
Brooklyn, NY 11217
We can
be reached via e-mail at james@jamesanzalone.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 718-852-8580
For each
visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes
only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where
possible).
We
collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via
e-mail, no information on consumers who browse our Web page and
.
The
information we collect is used by us to contact consumers for
marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for
commercial purposes.
With
respect to cookies: We do not set any cookies.
If you
do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us
know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the
above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
From
time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our
site available to other reputable organizations whose products or
services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us
to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations,
please let us know by calling us at the number provided above,
e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above
address.
From
time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to
other reputable organizations whose products or services we think
you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your
e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us
know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at
the above address, writing to us at the above address.
If you
supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic
mailings from us with information on new products and services or
upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings,
please let us know by calling us at the number provided above,
e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above
address.
you may
receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however,
have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at the
number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, writing
to us at the above address.
Please
provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your
name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
Persons
who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive
telephone contact from us with information regarding new products
and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such
telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the
above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to
us at the above address.
Persons
who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive
telephone contact from other reputable companies. You can, however,
have your name put on our do-not-share list by , sending us e-mail
at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number,
writing to us at the above address.
Please
provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your
name is removed from the list we share with other
organizations
With
respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special
relationships with any ad server companies.
From
time to time, we may use customer information for new,
unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we
will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these
changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new
uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you
should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for
purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by
e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address,
visiting us at .
Upon
request we provide site visitors with access to all information
[including proprietary information] that we maintain about
them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above
address, write to us at the above address, writing to us at the
above address. Consumers can have this information corrected by
sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above
telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With
respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of
sensitive information such as financial or health information, we
redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors
through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security
measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the
loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected
from you at our site.
If you
feel that this site is not following its stated information policy,
you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Contact us via e-mail:
james@jamesanzalone.com