http://www.lewishickey.com/privacy-policy
Twitter
LinkedIn
Privacy Policy
L&H Privacy And Cookie Policy
Summary
This privacy policy sets out how Lewis & Hickey Architects uses and protects any information that you give, when using this website.
Lewis & Hickey Architects are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Lewis & Hickey may change this policy by updating this page.  You should check this page from time to time to ensure you are happy with any changes.  This version of the policy is effective from May 2018.
Who Are We?
We are Lewis and Hickey Ltd.
Registered in England and Wales number 2007297
Our registered office is:
18 Farnham Road
Guildford
Surrey GU1 4XA
guildford@lewishickey.com
What We Collect
We may collect the following information:
• name and job title
• contact information including email address
• demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
• other information relevant to customer surveys
What legal basis do we have for processing your personal data?
The types of data processing that we undertake and the legal basis are:-
• consent – where you have provided your contact information and freely consented for it to be processed
• contract – where it is necessary for the fulfilment of a contract
• legitimate interests – for the purpose of direct marketing – to provide information that we believe is genuinely of interest to you, to prevent identity fraud and enhance the security of our IT and administrative systems
You can request removal of your information by contacting us, either by phone or email.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and to allow us to do business with you.  In particular the information is used for the following reasons:
• internal record keeping such as understanding how the website is used in order to improve the user experience.
• we may use the information to develop and improve our business and services.
• Letting you know about new projects, new appointments or other information, which we think you may find interesting.
• from time to time, we may also use your information for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Your rights in relation to personal data
You have the following rights in relation to the personal data held by us under the current UK data protection legislation:
• to request access to your personal information
• to correct and delete your personal information
• to withdraw consent to use your data
• to data portability
• to restrict processing and object to us processing your personal information
• to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.  See ico.org.uk for further information
You can exercise these rights by contacting us via email, phone, or writing to us. We will respond to subject data requests via email where possible/applicable, or via phone. We will ask you to confirm only the minimum amount of information to verify your identity.
How to contact us?
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, your personal information, or if you wish to file a complaint, you can contact us by email using guildford@lewishickey.com or by mail to the address above.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
By using the website and agreeing to this policy you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Which cookies do we use?
While we will endeavour to keep the list below updated, the Lewis & Hickey Ltd site relies on many third party services and the list may therefore become out of date if those services alter the cookies they use.
Please note that all of these Cookies exist to enable functionality on the website and not for advertising purposes. If you do not wish these cookies to be tracked you can disable them in your browser, but this may negatively effect your experience on the site.
More information, including how to block or delete cookies can be found at the ICO’s website:
https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using this website:
• First party cookies: these are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site.
• Third party cookies: these are cookies found in other companies’ internet tools which we are using to enhance our site, for example Facebook or Twitter have their own cookies, which are controlled by them.
Third Party Cookies
Google Analytics __ga, __gid, _gat
Stores information used by Google Analytics to track user activity on the site. Google Privacy Policy
Linking to other websites / third party content
Where we link to external sites and resources this does not constitute endorsement and take no responsibility for the content or information contained within.   This privacy policy only applies to our own website and does not cover other sites or online services that we link to.