http://www.cayford.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cayford Design is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Information we collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give to us by filling in our contact or job enquiry form on our site www.cayford.com or by corresponding with us by phone, e -mail or otherwise.
Information we collect about you.  With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
Anonymous technical information gathered by ourselves, including the Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and version operating system and platforms;Anonymous technical information gathered by Google Analytics. The exact nature of this often changes, so please refer to the Google Analytics support site for details;Identifiable information includes your e mail address; if you sign up to our contact page, any phone number or e mail address used to contact us.
We may use information you give to us to:
carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information and services that you request from us;to notify you about changes to our service;to ensure that content from our site is presented in an effective manner for you and for your computer.
We may use information we collect about you to:
administer our site and for internal operations e.g. data analysis, research, statistical and survey purposes;to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
We do not release data to third parties for any purpose other than is required to do so to fulfil legal, regulatory, and professional requirements.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Security of Information
We take the security of our information and systems very seriously. All personal data collected, whether electronically, by paper or by other means, is protected appropriately in line with our data protection policy.
Access to Information
If you have a question about our Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you, please write to us at:
Cayford Design, Second Floor Studio,  28 Poland Street, London W1F 8QP
Or alternatively e-mail: info@cayford.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate notified via e-mail.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you