http://www.femyers.com/en/privacy-notice/california-consumer-privacy-act.html
Skip To Main Content
Myers
Main Content Starts Here
Myers
Myers
Home
Brands
Myers
Share
Share via Email
Share via Twitter
Share via Facebook
Share via Linkedin
Print
Jump To
Myers residential products include a wide range of water well, sewage, sump, effluent and utility pumps & accessories for residential use. Myers engineered submersible solids handling pumps, self-primers, grinder pumps and reciprocating pumps are manufactured for municipal, commercial and industrial global markets.
Myers is celebrating 150 years!
Explore the Pentair Myers Legacy
Learn more
Myers Legacy
1870
1960
1986
1996
Myers was founded in 1870 by Francis and Philip Myers in Ashland, Ohio. The brothers began by building farm implements and then engineered and manufactured the first double-acting hand pump that delivered water on both the up and down strokes. From this modest beginning, the Myers pump line grew and evolved over the decades to include wastewater removal and industrial pumps and systems.
In 1960 the Myers family sold the business to the McNeil Corporation of Akron, Ohio.
In 1986, Pentair purchased the Myers brand of pumps and grinders from McNeil Corporation of Akron, Ohio, vaulting the company to a position of leadership in the wastewater industry, and bringing its customers some of the best wastewater submersible solids handling pumps in the world.
In 1996, Pentair added to the Myers brand product portfolio with the addition of Aplex medium and heavy-duty reciprocating pumps. With a product line known as Myers-Aplex, the Myers brand has earned a reputation as one of the most highly recognized and accepted pump brands, with products proven to outlast some of the world’s most demanding and hostile applications.
Find Everything You Need
Products
See the full array of residential, commercial, municipal, and industrial water supply and disposal products in the Myers line.
Resources
Access the distributor locator, portal, Encompass, as well as quick access to important files.
Myers Brand Story
Learn more about the legacy of the Myers brand.
Residential Water Supply Pumps
Myers helps move water efficiently and economically with its robust line of water transportation products.
4" Submersible Pumps
Booster Pumps
Motors and Controls
Centrifugal Pumps
Tanks
Accessories
Jet Pumps
Residential Water Disposal Pumps
Myers offers a wide range of sump, effluent, sewage and utility pumps & accessories for residential use.
Sump Pumps
Utility Pumps
Effluent Pumps
Accessories
Sewage Pumps
Grinder Pumps
Commercial Pumps
Engineered submersible solids handling pumps, self-primers, grinder pumps and reciprocating pumps for commercial applications.
Grinder Pumps
Solids Handling Pumps
Accessories
Municipal Pumps
Our wide range of Myers quality pumps and packaged systems provide an all inclusive solution that meets the needs of today’s complex wastewater transportation systems.
Grinder Pumps
Solids Handling Pumps
Accessories
Industrial Pumps
Our broad offering of reciprocating and centrifugal pumps are designed to maximize operational efficiencies and minimize downtime resulting in lower total cost of ownership.
Reciprocating Pumps
Centrifugal Pumps
Residential Resources
Distributor Customer Access
Residential Pump Selection Software
Quick Select Software
Training Opportunities
Pentair Learning Center Registration
Myers Resource Download Center
Find a Dealer
Commercial/Municipal Resources
Distributor Customer Access
Myers & Myers Aplex Distributor Only Portals
Service Centers
Wastewater Pump Selection Software
Quick Select Software
Myers Online Catalog
Pentair Learning Center Registration
Myers Resource Download Center
Find a Distributor
Close Modal
Close Search Modal
Close Modal
Buy Locally
Enter Location:
Geolocation Button
Or
search
No dealers found. Please try another location.
Location is disabled by your browser. Please type an address.
Loading...
Close
Filter By:
Filter
Filter By
List View
Map View
Close Modal
Close Search Modal
Type your search and press enter
Search
Close Product Grid Filter Modal
Filter Products
See
Results
Clear filters
Close Modal
Product Quickview
Learn More
Hide items
See items