https://www.asapchecks.com/terms-of-use
Would you take a minute to let us know what you think of our new website?
Shop Early - Ship Early
All courier and mail carrier services are anticipating even higher than normal seasonal increased volumes of parcels and mail this year due to COVID-19. Normal delivery standards may not be possible during December and January.
Read our COVID-19 / Coronavirus Update
You are
signed in as:   |
My Account |
US SITE
Go to Canadian site
Bank quality checks without bank prices, ready to ship in 24 hours
Call: 888-852-4325
0
Click to see menu
Home
Compare & Save
Products & Pricing
Questions
Contact
ReOrder
ReOrder
Customer Login
Log Out
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content of this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. and other copyright laws, and is the property of ASAP Checks (ASAP Checks, Forms & Supplies Inc.).Copyright 2018 ASAP Checks, Forms & Supplies (also referred to as ASAP Checks in this document) ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with ASAP Checks or purchasing products from ASAP Checks. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by ASAP Checks. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
Customer orders on this website are considered offers to purchase and need not be fulfilled by ASAP Checks at its discretion, for example, if the information provided by the customer does not clearly establish the legitimacy of an order.
Warranty Disclaimer
ASAP Checks does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Trust Guard reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Trust Guard reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Trust Guard shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Content given to this site in the form of comments or product reviews become the property of ASAP Checks upon submission.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be updated or terminated by ASAP Checks without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
ASAP Checks may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable methods to the address you have provided to ASAP Checks.
Guarantees
ASAP Checks offers two different guarantees. Guarantee 1 - If you find a lower price on a comparable product and provide complete information to verify this (eg. valid and current web site link, copy of flyer or coupon) ASAP Checks will beat the price by an amount of our discretion. Guarantee 2 - If your checks are not compatible with your software, ASAP Checks will refund 110% of your purchase price once we receive your returned product.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including an ASAP Checks or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
ASAP Checks does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site or using our services, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and display user-generated content hosted on the site, ASAP Checks is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, ASAP Checks reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; another intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to ASAP Checks in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless ASAP Checks, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your seals or account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, ASAP Checks may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with ASAP Checks, ASAP Checks has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of ASAP Checks. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, ASAP Checks seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Order Checks
BEGIN NEW ORDER
Reorder Checks
BEGIN REORDER BEGIN REORDER
You guys do a great job every time I order. Keep it up!
– Terry
Nothing but satisfaction with your product and your company
– Fred
The ASAP Checks promise
We pride ourselves on our superior product quality and attentive customer service. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with your order, simply return it for a hassle free refund.
All product names, brands and trademarks are property of their respective owners.