https://www.postglover.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms and Conditions
Home/Terms and Conditions
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
Post Glover Resistors Inc. (“Post Glover”) welcomes you to its website postglover.com (“Site”). The following terms and conditions govern your use of this Site. Please take a moment to review them. When you view or use this Site you agree, on behalf of yourself and any company or organization you represent (together, “You” or “Your”) to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. Post Glover reserves the right at any time to modify, alter or update these Terms of Use. Your use of the Site following any changes constitutes your acknowledgement and acceptance of the changes.
1. Site Content and Use.
The design of the Site, the Site as a whole and all materials contained in or appearing on the Site (the “Contents”), as well as the selection, organization, and arrangement of the Contents, are subject to protection under the laws of the United States of America and international treaties. Except as indicated, this Site and its Contents are owned and licensed by Post Glover. You are permitted to electronically copy and print hard copies of pages from this Site solely for your use in obtaining information regarding Post Glover products and in generating and facilitating orders of Post Glover products. Any such copies must bear the copyright notice included on each web page. Any other use of this Site or its Contents is strictly prohibited, unless the prior written permission of Post Glover is obtained. This Site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Post Glover reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to descriptions of the products and services being offered, and we apologize for any inconvenience. Post Glover may also add to, change, move, and delete portions of our Site from time to time and without notice.
All trademarks, service marks, and logos (the “Marks”) appearing on the Site are proprietary to Post Glover, except as otherwise indicated. Use or misuse of these Marks, without advance written consent from Post Glover, or the owner, is expressly prohibited. You cannot use any Mark in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers as to source or sponsorship, or in any manner that disparages, tarnishes, dilutes, or discredits Post Glover. Any rights not expressly granted to you are reserved to Post Glover.
2. User Comments and Other Submissions.
Your comments and feedback regarding our Site, products and services are welcome. We do not accept confidential or proprietary information. Therefore, all comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas or other submissions (collectively the “Comments”) disclosed, submitted or offered to Post Glover are submitted with the express understanding that You are granting Post Glover an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such comments by any means now known or hereafter to become known, for any purpose whatsoever without any obligation to pay You any compensation or to respond or otherwise acknowledge receipt of Your Comments. You agree that Your Comments will not violate the rights of any third party including copyright, trademark, privacy, other personal or proprietary rights, nor contain any libelous, otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material.
3. Links to Other Sites.
This Site may include links to other sites maintained by third parties (“Linked Sites”). Any Linked Sites are independent from Post Glover, which has no control over or responsibility for the information provided, the accuracy of such information, or activities undertaken on the Linked Sites. These links are provided solely for Your convenience. Furthermore, inclusion of Linked Sites does not imply an endorsement by Post Glover of the Linked Sites, unless otherwise stated. You will need to make your own independent decisions regarding the information presented and Your interaction with such Linked Sites. If you wish to link to this Site, you may link to the Home Page only. Links to any other web page(s) on this Site may not be made without the prior written approval of Post Glover. Framing of any web page of this Site is prohibited.
4. Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnity.
THIS SITE AND ALL OF ITS CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS”, “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, SYSTEM INTEGRATION, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUCH USE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH USE. POST GLOVER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT THIS SITE OR ITS SERVER ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES AND OTHER HARMFUL ELEMENTS. POST GLOVER DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE ACCURACY OR RELIABILITY OF INFORMATION ON THIS SITE. In no event will Post Glover be liable to you for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if Post Glover has been advised of the possibility of such damages. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Post Glover its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, vendors and affiliates from and against any and all third party claims, demands, liabilities, costs or expenses including reasonable attorneys’ fees regarding, resulting or arising out of Your use of this Site.
Use of the Internet is solely at Your own risk and is subject to all applicable local, state, national and international laws and regulations. Post Glover will not be liable for any loss resulting from a cause over which it does not have direct control, including, but not limited to, failure of electronic or mechanical equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer viruses, unauthorized access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes, natural disasters, strikes or other labor problems, wars, or governmental restrictions.
5. Privacy.
Please see our Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into these Terms and Conditions by reference, as if fully set forth herein.
6. E-Mail.
You agree that Post Glover may send You electronic mail to advise You of changes or additions to this Site, about any of Post Glover’s products, or for such other purposes as Post Glover deems appropriate. If, at any point you do not wish to receive further e-mails, please contact us at: info@postglover.com.
7. Purchases.
All products purchased from Post Glover are purchased pursuant to Post Glover’s Terms and Conditions of Sale, to which You must agree prior to making your first purchase.
Post Glover Terms and Conditions – Sales
Post Glover Terms and Conditions – Purchasing
8. Miscellaneous.
These Terms and Conditions will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, U.S.A. without regard to its provisions regarding conflicts of laws. You agree that all proceedings relating to this Site, and these Terms and Conditions of Use, will be brought only in the state or federal courts located in Kentucky, U.S.A. and You and Post Glover do hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts. If You access this Site from any other jurisdiction, You do so at Your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. The use of web crawlers, spiders, robots or automated dial-in or inquiry devices is prohibited. This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated, at any time, by either You or Post Glover. Post Glover may terminate this Agreement immediately without notice and deny You access to the Site if, in our sole discretion, You fail to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement.
Last updated: August 2017.
Toggle Sliding Bar Area
Latest NewsPost Glover Resistors thrives in manufacturing for over 100 yearsBy: Jessica Sabbah,  Channel 9 – WCPO Cincinnati Post Glover Resistors, owned by Telema SPA, opened in 1892. The business manufactures power resistors for a number of industrial applications. “Having been in the business 122 years, we have all the design information and all the engineers have been around a long time,” said President Richard […]
Post Glover to expand, add 19 jobsby Mike Boyer, Cincinnati Enquirer Erlanger-based Post Glover Resistors, a century-old supplier of electrical equipment, on Thursday announced a nearly $5 million expansion that will create 19 new jobs. Read more…
PulserPlus.net™ New High Resistance Grounding (HRG) ProductThe PulserPlus.Net is the latest high resistance grounding system from Post Glover Resistors. This is the fourth generation HRG system from Post Glover and is the premier digital high resistance pulsing grounding system available.
We’ve expanded our partnershipPost Glover now has an expanded partnership with Rockwell Automation to include Encompass Asia-Pacific.