https://www.cortape.com/privacy-policy/
No menu assigned!
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms & Conditions
Please also visit our Terms & Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on August 2010.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using our contact form or write to us at the address below.
60 Marc Dr
Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44223
USA
330-929-6700
LinksHome
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Address 60 Marc Dr
Cuyahoga Falls, OH 44223
Phone: 800.845.5919
Email: sales@cortape.com
We are Cortape We are an innovative converter of pressure sensitive adhesive tape products that span multiple market segments.
With over 40 years of experience in the converting business, we have been leading the way in engineering and converting products that help our customers gain an advantage in their respective market.
© 2020 Cortape Inc. Web Development by Jeremy Gruszewski
Home
About Us
Capabilities
Die Cutting
Slitting
Laminating
Private Branding
Quality
Vendors
Markets
Industrial
Retail
Automotive
Green Energy
Medical
Electrical
Contact