http://www.nationalconcrete.com/legal.html
™
Contact
Us
Site
Map
Privacy
Legal
Concrete
Batch Plants
Silos
Aggregate
Handling Systems
Cement
Handling Equip.
Automation
Dust
Control
Terms of Use
If you do not agree with the terms or have any questions,
before proceeding contact us and we will be pleased to assist you. By
choosing to access and use this site, you are expressly agreeing to
be bound by these terms.
License and Site Access. National Concrete Corporation or third parties
granting rights to National Concrete Corporation hold title to the materials
on this site, which are the copyrighted work of National Concrete Corporation
or such third parties. National Concrete Corporation grants you a limited
license to access and make personal, noncommercial use of this site,
including the right to download and make a single electronic or hard
copy of limited portions, provided that National Concrete Corporation
is acknowledged as the source with a copyright symbol © or other
identification on each page copied, but you may not modify it or any
portion of it, except with express written consent of National Concrete
Corporation. This license does not include any commercial use of this
site or its contents. It does not include any collection and use of
any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of
this site or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar
data gathering and extraction tools.
Neither this Web site nor any portion thereof may be reproduced, duplicated,
copied, sold, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without
the express written consent of National Concrete Corporation. You may
not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any portion of this site
without express written permission. You may not use meta tags or any
other hidden text using National Concrete Corporations name or trademarks
without the express written consent of National Concrete Corporation.
Any unauthorized use terminates the license to use granted herein.
Changes to Site. In order to improve our service to you, we reserve
the right to make changes in the access, operation, and content of this
site at any time without notice. We also reserve the right to make changes
in the Terms and the Privacy Policy, so please check before each use
for changes.
Confidential Information. National Concrete Corporation discourages
you from sending or posting to the site materials or information that
you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Please note that if
you do send such information, National Concrete Corporation will assume
that it is not confidential. By sending or posting such information
or material, you grant National Concrete Corporation an unrestricted
license to use, reproduce, and distribute those materials or information,
and you agree that National Concrete Corporation may use any ideas,
concepts, know-how or techniques that you send or post for any purpose.
No Warranties. The information on this site is provided for general
information purposes only. While National Concrete Corporation strives
to provide only accurate information on this Web site, you may discover
some inadvertent inaccuracies in the information provided. Please bring
them to our attention via email using the contact us page of this site.
Since such mistakes may occur, NATIONAL CONCRETE CORPORATION MAKES NO
GUARANTEES, WARRANTIES, OR REPRESENTATIONS CONCERNING THE ACCURACY,
RELIABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR COMPLETENESS OF
ANY INFORMATION ON THIS SITE. WE ARE PROVIDING THE INFORMATION ON AN
“AS IS, WHERE IS” BASIS, AND ALL WARRANTIES (EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED) ARE DISCLAIMED.
Links to Other Sites. As convenience, this Web site may contain links
to other sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated or associated
with, National Concrete Corporation. Accordingly, National Concrete
Corporation does not make any representations concerning the privacy
practices or terms of use of such sites, nor does National Concrete
Corporation control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality
of the information and materials available on such sites.
©
Copyright 2012 National Concrete Corporation