http://www.enorthfield.com/privacy-policy
Close
By clicking on the continue button below, you will be leaving Northfield Bank's web site and linking to an outside web site not operated by Northfield Bank.
STAY ON THIS PAGE
CONTINUE
skip to main content
Effective 12/14/20: Branch Lobbies By Appointment Only: click here for details. Paycheck Protection Program Forgiveness: click here for information.
Close Button
(833) 301-NFBK
Email Us
Find a Branch
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES NORTHFIELD BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
What?
Social Security number
Account balances
Transaction history
Credit history
Checking account information
Wire transfer instructions
What?
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Northfield Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Northfield Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
No
We don't share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
No
We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No
We don't share
Questions?
Call (833) 301-6325 or go to www.eNorthfield.com
What We Do
How does Northfield Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also maintain other physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect this information and we limit access to information to those employees for whom access is appropriate.
How does Northfield Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
How does Northfield Bank collect my personal information?
Open an account
Apply for a loan
Give us your contact information
Make a wire transfer
Show your driver's license
How does Northfield Bank collect my personal information?
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus,affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Northfield Bank does not share with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Northfield Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include insurance and investments companies.
Other Important Information
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Customers. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For California Customers. We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Customers. We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
Privacy Model Disclosure.  PRIV-MODEL 8/1/2010Wolters Kluwer Financial Services © 2010
Revised 10/2018