https://www.tpcwire.com/privacy-policy
Call Us
800-211-4520
Email Us
Español
COVID-19 Announcement
Products
Wire & Cable
Portable Cord
Super-Trex® Ultra-Gard Portable Cords (Type TC-ER Rated)
Super-Trex® Triple-Gard Yellow Portable Cords
Super-Trex® Triple-Gard Black Portable Cords
Super-Trex® Extreme Temperature Cable
Power Cable
Super-Trex® Type W Portable Power & Automation Cable
Super-Trex® Type W/Type TC Portable Power & Automation Cable (2-6 Conductors)
Super-Trex® 4 Conductor Aramid Reinforced Portable Power Reeling Cable
Super-Trex® 4/0 Type TC Power Cables
Trex-Onics® Reduced Diameter Power Cable
Super-Trex® Type W RHH/RHW-2 Single Conductor Power Cable
Super-Trex® Single Conductor Power Cable
Orange Portable Power Reeling Cable
Medium Voltage
Type G-GC Round 3/C Cable
Type SHD-GC Cable
Super-Trex® Type MV-105 Cable
Super-Trex® Medium Voltage Single Conductor Shielded Cable
Medium Voltage Single Conductor Power Cable & Assemblies
Super-Trex® Unshielded 15 kV Jumper Cable
Welding Cable
Super-Trex® 600 Volt Welding Cable
VFD Cable
Super-Trex® VFD Shielded Power Cable
Trex-Onics® Low Capacitance VFD Shielded Power Cable
Trex-Onics® Low Capacitance VFD Shielded Power Cable w/Brake & Signal Pairs
Servo Motor Cable
Trex-Onics® Servo Motor Cable
Reeling Cable
Trex-Onics® Reduced Diameter Extra Heavy-Duty Reeling Cable
Super-Trex® Multi-Conductor P&R Cable
Super-Trex® 4 Conductor Aramid Reinforced Portable Power Reeling Cable
Control and Instrumentation
Super-Trex® Reduced Diameter Control Cable (12 AWG)
Super-Trex® Reduced Diameter Control Cable (16 AWG)
Super-Trex® Reduced Diameter Control Cable (18 AWG)
Super-Trex® Reduced Diameter Control Cable (20 AWG)
Trex-Onics® Overall Shielded Continuous Flex Multi-Conductor Cable
Trex-Onics® Multi-Pair Control Cable
Trex-Onics® Individually Shielded Multi-Pair Control Cable
Trex-Onics® Individually Shielded Resolver Cable
Trex-Onics® High-Flex Encoder Cable
Trex-Onics® High-Flex Low Capacitance Communication / Instrumentation Cable
Bus Cables
Ethernet Cables
Network Cables
Flat Festoon
Trex-Onics® Flat Festoon Cable
Retractile Coil Cord
Trex-Onics® Sootblower Cable
Trex-Onics® High-Flex Ultra-Coil Retractiles
Chemical & Temperature Resistant
Shielded Cable
Unshielded Cable
Antimicrobial Cables
High Temperature Cable
Thermo-Trex® 2800 Cable
Thermo-Trex® 2000 Cable
Thermo-Trex® 850 Cable
Thermo-Trex® Soaking Pit Cable
Thermo-Trex® 500-K Multi-Conductor Cable
Thermo-Trex® 500-K Single Conductor Cable
Thermo-Trex® 200-HD Multi-Conductor Cable
Thermo-Trex® 200-HD Single Conductor Cable
Thermo-Trex® 500 Cable
Thermo-Trex® 500-Plus Silicone Cable
Super-Trex® Extreme Temperature Cable
Igniter Wire and Cable
Thermo-Trex® Flare Stack Cable
Thermo-Trex® Igniter Wire with Fiberglass Jacket (40100)
Thermo-Trex® Igniter Wire with Fluoropolymer Jacket (40200)
Thermocouple Extension Wire
Thermo-Trex® Thermocouple Extension Wire (Types JX, KX & RSX)
Accessories
Cable Glands and Strain Relief
Stainless Steel Grip-Seals® & Kord-Gard® Mesh Cord Grips
Kord-Gard® Mesh Cord Grips
Nylon Kord-Gard® Mesh Cord Grips
Aluminum Straight and 90° Grip-Seals®
Aluminum Grip-Seals® for Flat Festoon Cable
Nylon Straight and 90° Grip-Seals®
Heat & Chemically Resistant Straight Grip-Seals®
EMI Shielded Grip-Seals®
Sealcon Grip-Seals®
Shrink Tubing
High Ratio 6 to 1 Adhesive Shrink Tubing
Adjustable Cable Strap
Heat Shrink Tubing
Electrical Components Wire Bundling
Terminals on Tape Reel
Terminals
Cable Ties
Speed-Ease™ Connectors
Speed-Ease™ Ferrules
Alligator Clips
Cable Sleeving
Abrasion Resistant Sleeving
High-Temperature Sleeving
Stainless Steel Sleeving
Flexible Stainless Steel Tubing
Tape/Wrap
Thermo-Trex® High-Temperature Silica Tape
Vulko-Wrap® Insulating Tape (Yellow and Black)
Vulko-Wrap® Insulating Tape (Black Reinforced)
Inventory Management
Cord & Cable Meter
K-Kart 9600 Heavy-Duty Mobile Cable Carrier
Large Cord & Cable Reel Rack with Hoist
Large Cord & Cable Reel Rack
Small Cord & Cable Reel Rack
Reel Caddy
Tools
Cable Strippers
Cable Cutters
Temperature Tag
Cord Sets
Quick-Connects
Mini Quick-Connects™ Assemblies & Accessories
Micro Quick-Connect™ Assemblies & Accessories
Nano M8 Quick-Connect™ Assemblies & Accessories
Specialty Mini & Micro Quick-Connect™
7 Pin Molded Valve Plugs
DIN Connectors
Connector Assemblies
Ethernet Cable Assemblies
Extension Cord Assemblies
M23 Connector Assemblies
Military Connectors
Rectangular Connector Assemblies
Trex-Onics® DeviceNet™ Quick-Connect™ Accessories & Receptacles
Power Assemblies
Molded Single Pole Power Assemblies
Medium Voltage Power Assemblies
Molded "Y" and "T" Splitters
Oval Quick-Connect™ Power Assemblies
TPC Light Stringers
Plug & Play Connector Assemblies
Molded Assemblies for Welding & Temporary Power Applications
Custom Engineered Products
Custom Cables
Custom Connector Assemblies
Polycarbonate Pendant Box Assemblies
Aluminum Box Assemblies
Storage and Deployment Systems
Electrical Connection Enclosures
Stainless Steel Braiding
Cable Carriers Systems
Cable Printing Servies
Slip Ring Harness
High-Flex Vision Cable Systems
OEM Applications
HY-TREX® Power Cables
HY-TREX® Control Cables
HY-TREX® Ground Wire
HY-TREX® MTW/TEW Ground Wire
HY-TREX® THHN/THWN Ground Wire
HY-TREX® Data / Bus / Network Cables
HY-TREX® Industrial Ethernet CAT6A
HY-TREX® CAT5E Profinet Cables
HY-TREX® Profibus Cable
HY-TREX® DeviceNet® - Thick
HY-TREX® DeviceNet® - Thin
HY-TREX® RS-485 Communication Cable
HY-TREX® Custom Cable Solutions
HY-TREX® Grip-Seals®
Markets Served
Appliance
Automotive
Fluid Handling
Food & Beverage
Government
Manufacturing
Marine
Metals
Mining
OEM
HY-TREX® Power Cables
HY-TREX® Control Cables
HY-TREX® Data / Bus / Network Cables
HY-TREX® Custom Cable Solutions
HY-TREX® Grip-Seals®
Oil & Gas
Rail & Transit
Milrail
Utility - Power Generation
Utility - Transmission & Distribution
Wastewater
Wood, Pulp & Paper
Environments
Abrasion
Chemicals
Cold Weather
Extreme Heat
Flexing
Impact
Tension
Resources
Blog
Case Studies
Literature
Videos
Literatura
About Us
Careers
Company News
Company History
Mergers & Acquisitions
Mission, Vision & Values
Testimonials
Contact Us
TPC Wire & Cable Corp.
Privacy Policy
TPC Wire & Cable Corp. (“TPC”) respects your right to privacy. We developed this Privacy Statement to inform you about our practices. Questions regarding this Privacy Statement should be directed to customerservice@tpcwire.com.
Privacy is a concern to most Internet users. TPC is acutely aware of, and sensitive to, the privacy concerns of our customers. We assure you that we do not collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us. If you are registering to use the site you will be asked to provide certain information. We are asking for this information solely for the purpose of providing the services offered and authenticating your identity when you login.
Privacy Policy Enforcement
If you feel that TPC is violating this Privacy Statement, please contact us at customerservice@tpcwire.com or 1-800-521-7935.
Use of Postal & Email Addresses
We occasionally make the names, postal addresses, and email addresses of our customers available to highly screened companies that offer products and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive these third-party offers, please let us know by contacting TPC at customerservice@tpcwire.com.
Traffic Data
We collect click-stream data such as referring URL, browser and platform, time of visit, pages visited and searches performed. These statistics are used to help us improve the performance of our website and better serve our customers. We analyze this data to establish trends and help us improve your online experience. Aggregated traffic data may be shared with potential advertisers, research firms, and business partners for demographic purposes. When used in this aggregated form no one will be able to identify or contact you.
Use of E-mail Addresses
When you register on tpcwire.com, you may receive email promotions from time to time. To unsubscribe from these emails, follow the unsubscribe directions contained in the email so that you may opt-out of future e-mails. E-mails that confirm business transactions will always be sent to you.
Use of Cookies
A "cookie" is a text file that our website sends to your browser to store your preferences. Cookies allow our website to "remember" information about your preferences either until you exit your current browser window (if the cookie is temporary) or until you disable or delete the cookie. Many users prefer to use cookies to help them navigate a website as seamlessly as possible. We use "cookies" to enhance your experience on our site. You should be aware that cookies contain no more information than you volunteer, and they are not able to "invade" your hard drive and return to the sender with personal or other information from your computer. If you choose not to accept a cookie, you are still welcome at our website; however we will not be able to accept online orders.
Sending You Responses and Updates
We generally respond to any e-mail questions, requests for service or information, and other inquiries we receive. We may also retain this correspondence to improve our products, services and website. Frequently we retain contact information so that we can send individuals updates or other important information about our services and products.
Surveys
From time-to-time we may request information via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you always have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used to monitor or improve this website, and to improve our customer service and product offerings.
Terms of Use
The TPC website may contain links to third-party sites. The linked sites are not under the control of TPC, and TPC is not responsible for the contents of any linked site, any link contained in a linked site, any changes or updates to such linked sites, or any transmission from any linked site. TPC is providing these links to third-party sites only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by TPC of the site.
License and Site Access
TPC grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of TPC. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of TPC. You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of tpcwire.com so long as the link does not portray TPC, its parent company, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any TPC logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission from TPC.
Copyright
The site and the content within the site are the property of TPC or its affiliates and are protected by United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions. The compilation, organization and display of the content as well as all software and inventions used on and in connection with this site are the exclusive property of TPC. These materials may not be copied or redistributed for any purposes without prior written permission from TPC.
Trademark Information
Trex-Onics®, Hy-Trex®, Super-Trex®, Thermo-Trex®, Chem-Gard™, Defender®, TPC and TPC Wire & Cable™ are registered trademarks. All other registered and/or unregistered trademarks displayed on this site constitute the intellectual property of their respective holders.
TPC WIRE CTA
Some additional information in one line
Get In Touch
TPC Wire & Cable Corp. 9600 Valley View Rd Macedonia, OH 44056
(800) 211-4520
Products
Engineered Services & Solutions
Environments
Markets Served
Resources
About Us
©2020 TPC Wire & Cable Corp. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Subscribe to Our Mailing List | Terms of Use | Credit Application