https://www.enviance.com/privacy-notice
Privacy Notice
Cookie Notice
Services Privacy Notice
Enviance Privacy Notice
This Privacy Notice will be effective starting on May 25, 2018.
In this Privacy Notice (“Notice”), Enviance Inc. and our affiliates (“Enviance, “we”, “us”), explain how we collect, use, and share personal information in the general course of our business excluding in the course of providing hosted web application and related services to our customers (our “Services”).   Our privacy notice applicable to our Services can be found here.
More specifically, this Notice applies to personal information we collect through enviance.com, actio.net, rsiguard.com (including purchases of software licenses via our website) and our other corporate websites that link to this Notice (collectively, our “Website”) as well as personal information we otherwise collect outside of the performance of our Services, such as when we engage with a potential customer, vendor, consultant or other third party in the operation of our business generally.
If you have any questions regarding this Notice, you can email us at privacy@enviance.com or see the “How to Contact Us” section below.
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect information that you give us.  Typically this is contact information for you and your company or employer that we collect directly from you, such as when you request information about our offerings via our Website or at a trade show, subscribe to our Website blog, or provide us your contact information as a billing or vendor contact.  In such instances, you generally decide how much information to share with us, but not providing this information may prevent us from fulfilling your request or otherwise performing the activity for which the information is collected.
Payment Card Information
You may choose to purchase software licenses via our Website (e.g. Rsiguard.com) using a payment card. In such case, payment card information is submitted by the purchaser (via the payment cart on our Website) directly into the third party PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which we subscribe and we do not, ourselves, process or store the card information. The processing of that payment information is governed by the policies of the payment processing service, which service is identified and linked in the payment cart.
We collect information automatically.  By visiting and interacting with our Website, we collect certain technical data by automated means such as your IP address, browser type and version, operating system, information about your activity on the Website, the date and time you access the Website, and your indicated preferences in using our Website.
In most cases, this information is collected through our web server logs or is collected through various tracking technologies, which may include “cookies,” and “web beacons”. You can read about how we use cookies and other tracking technologies and about your choices in limiting their use in our Cookie Notice.
Information from other sources:  We may obtain information about you from other sources.  For example, your employer may provide us with your contact information as your employer’s billing contact.
Interest-Based Advertising
We work with third party services and advertising networks to display advertisements for our services to individuals based on general demographic data, inferred interests and browsing activity over time and across third-party websites that would indicate interest in our Services.  This process makes use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons. You can read about how we use such tracking technologies and about your choices in limiting their use in our Cookie Notice.
California - Do Not Track Disclosure: Our Website does not respond to Do Not Track signals. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed above (e.g., by disabling cookies).  For more information about Do Not Track signals, please click here.
TYPES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We generally collect contact information (such as a person’s name, company or employer name, email address, mailing address, and phone number).  This contact information is typically work contact information as we offer and provide our Services to businesses, not to individuals.  We may also request and collect other information such as general information about your employer’s potential needs as they relate to the services we provide.
We also collect technical data automatically when you visit our Website such as your IP address, browser type and version, operating system, information about your activity on the Website including the date and time you access the Website and similar web server log information, as well as your indicated preferences in using our Website.  Some of this information could be used to identify you or be associated with you.
THE PURPOSE OF OUR COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use your personal information to operate our business including to directly market our offerings to you.  Here are more specific examples of how we use your personal information:
To respond to and process your specific inquiry, request or online purchase and to provide you with information and access to resources that you have requested from us;
To administer, protect, operate, and maintain the Website and our systems and networks;
To improve the navigation and content of our Website, system administration and security;
To compile aggregated statistics about usage of the Website and to better understand the preferences of Website visitors;
To help personalize the experience on our Website;
To help deliver information about our offerings to our customers and prospective customers;
To disseminate our blogs and similar communications;
To customize, measure, and improve our Website, services, and advertising;
To analyze and develop new products, services, and websites or improve existing ones;
To perform accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation, collection, and similar administrative activities;
To prevent, detect, identify, investigate, respond to, and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity;
To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements, and policies; and
To perform other activities consistent with this Notice.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not sell or rent your personal information, nor do we share it with unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing use.  Generally, we share personal information to facilitate the operation of our business including the advertising or promotion of our Services, to facilitate changes to or transfers of our business, as required by law, or with your consent.
Here are some examples of where we share personal information:
Within Enviance’s group of affiliated companies (e.g. parent, subsidiaries) consistent with this Notice.
With our contracted service providers who perform services for us such as cloud infrastructure, data storage, communications, and technical services, marketing and relations management services, investigations and accounting services, customer support, and bill collection services. Such providers are obligated to only use the information as necessary to provide the contracted services to us.
If we believe disclosure is necessary and appropriate to prevent physical, financial, or other harm, injury, or loss, including to protect against fraud or credit risk.
With legal, governmental, or judicial authorities, as instructed or required by those authorities or applicable laws, or in relation to a legal activity, such as in response to a subpoena or investigating suspected illicit activity. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies activities that we in good faith believe to be illegal.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, an acquisition, merger, asset sale, or other similar business transfer that involves substantially all of our assets or functions where personal information is transferred or shared as part of the business assets (provided that such party agrees to use such personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Notice).
Your California Privacy Rights - Shine the Light Law
Enviance does not share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing use without your permission.
SECURITY
We maintain reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
ACCESS, CORRECTION AND OTHER RIGHTS IN PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may avoid our use of your manually submitted personal information by not providing it to us.  You may opt out of marketing communications at any time by contacting us at: privacy@enviance.com, or by contacting us as described in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
You can also unsubscribe from our email marketing communications by following the instructions or unsubscribe mechanism in the e-mail message. Note, if you choose to opt out of marketing communications, we may still communicate with you regarding non-marketing transactional or administrative related purposes.
To the extent provided by the law of your jurisdiction, you may request access to the personal information we maintain about you or request that we correct or in some cases delete the information or you may object to or request that we restrict our processing of the information by contacting us as indicated below.
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, for legal, tax or regulatory reasons, or other legitimate and lawful business purposes.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS
Enviance is headquartered in the United States and we have service providers in and outside the United States.  As such, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we and our service providers process it.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
Our services and Website are not intended for or directed to children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect information from children.  If you believe we have collected information of a child, you can notify us at the information below.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
This Notice does not apply to, nor are we responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Website links. The inclusion of a link on the Website does not imply our endorsement of the linked site or service.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You may contact us about matters pertaining to this Notice at the following:
By Email: privacy@enviance.com By Mail: Attn: Privacy at EnvianceEnviance, Inc.5857 Owens Avenue, Suite 102 Carlsbad, CA 92008United States of America
AMENDMENTS
We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Notice from time to time and in our sole discretion, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on this Notice the date it was last updated. When you visit this Website or provide us your personal information under circumstances covered by this Notice, you are accepting the current version of this Notice as posted on the Website at that time. We recommend that you revisit this Notice on occasion to learn of any changes.