http://www.abatron.com/privacy-policy/
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective 11/1/2007
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Abatron, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a product online and want it sent directly to a recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order to complete that order, or to refer to a previous order to help us provide you with customer service. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website, but do not share this information with outside parties.
We employ cookies. A cookie is a small text file that our Web server places on a user’s computer hard drive to be a unique identifier. Cookies enable Abatron to track usage patterns, deliver customized content to users (such as visitors’ preferences) and record session information (such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart).
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing us at info@abatron.com. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 262-653-2000 or send us an email at info@abatron.com.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok