https://www.aagard.com/privacy-statement
PRIVACY POLICYWhat information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form on our site.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, phone number or mailing address.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons and other identifiers) to provide website functionality and recognize visitors from legitimate advertising campaigns that we run, as well as to better understand what types of content our current and potential customers are consuming on our website. Your continued use of this website constitutes agreement to our use of these technologies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
This site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, we do not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on August 4, 2020
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Online contact form
Mailing Address:
3711 Iowa Street
Alexandria, MN 56308
Phone Number:
+1 320-763-6043
This policy is powered by Trust Guard PCI compliance scans.