https://www.stego-usa.com/service-navigation/privacy-policy/
en intl.deusukfritessenlplczptru
HomeCareersContactLegal NoticesPrivacy Policy
CompanyProductsSupport
Service-NavigationHomeCareersContactLegal NoticesPrivacy PolicyData protection
Policy
I.          Name and address of the data controller
The data controller in the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation as well as other national data privacy laws of the Member States and other data protection regulations is:
STEGO Elektrotechnik GmbHKolpingstraße 2174523 Schwäbisch HallGermany
Telephon: +49 (0)791 95058-0E-Mail: info@stego.de
Name and address of the Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer of the data controller is:
Wolfgang Steger, Attorney at Law, certified Data Protection Offices DSB – TÜVAm Neuen Weg 2182041 Oberhaching
E-mail: steger@ra-steger.infoPhone: 0178/7714857
II.         General information on data processing
1.       Scope of processing personal data
We generally collect and use personal data of our users only to the extent such is necessary to provide a properly functioning website as well as our contents and services and to attain the objective of our enterprise. Personal data of our users is generally only collected and used with the consent of the user. An exception is made in those cases where prior consent cannot be obtained for objective reasons and processing of the data is permitted by law.
2.       Purposes and legal foundations for the processing of personal data
We process personal data only to fulfil our contractual obligations or to protect our overriding legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are based on the attainment of our company objective.
If we obtain the consent of the data subject for the processing of personal data, Art. 6 (1) (a) of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal foundations for the processing of personal data.
The legal foundations for the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a contractual agreement to which the data subject is a party are laid down in Article 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR. This also applies to processing steps necessary for the execution of pre-contractual measures.
If processing of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Art. 6 (1) (c) of the GDPR provides the legal foundations.
In the event that vital interests of the data subject or another natural person make it necessary to process personal data, Article 6 (1) (d) of the GDPR serves as the legal foundations.
If processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or of a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh such legitimate interest, Article 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing.
3.       Categories of recipients and personal data and their origin
We forward personal data to our business partners and service providers in order to attain our company objective. To attain our company objective, we generally use contact and address data of our customers and business partners. We generally receive the personal data directly from the data subject or, with the consent of the data subject, in exceptional cases from third parties.
4.       Transmission to third countries
Generally we do not disclose personal data to recipients in third countries (i.e. countries outside the EU). With regard to individual functions on our website, it is possible that data may be passed on to recipients in third countries. In these cases, we act to ensure that, in addition to the permission required for transfer, the recipient in the third country ensures an adequate level of data protection (or that an exception applies in accordance with Art 49 (1) of the GDPR).
5.       Data erasure and duration of storage
The personal data of the person concerned will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage no longer applies. Storage may furthermore be performed if this has been provided for by European or national lawmakers in Union regulations, laws or other regulations to which the controller is subject. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period stipulated under the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need to continue storing the data for the purpose of concluding or fulfilling a contractual agreement.
SSL or TLS encryption
This page uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content such as orders or enquiries that you send to us in our capacity as the site operator. You can recognise an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
III.         Cookies
The Internet pages in part use so-called cookies. Cookies do not damage your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies serve to make our offer more user-friendly, more effective and more secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your terminal device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognise your browser on your next visit.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If you disable cookies, it may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies which are required for the electronic communication process or for the provision of certain functions you would like (e.g. shopping basket function) are stored on the basis of Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure technically error-free and optimised provision of its services. Whenever other cookies (e.g. cookies for analysing your surfing behaviour) are stored, these are treated separately in this data protection policy and are only activated by us after you have provided your prior consent, i.e. the legal basis provided for this is laid down in Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR.
Cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted by the user to our site. You as a user therefore also have complete control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings on your Internet browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies which are already stored can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it is possible that not all functions of the website can still be used to the full extent.
Our website uses transient cookies. These are automatically deleted when you close your browser and frequently referred to as session cookies. These store a so-called session ID, with which various requests from your browser can be assigned to the shared session. This allows your computer to be recognised when you return to our website. These cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
Our website also uses persistent cookies. These are automatically deleted after a predetermined period of time, which may vary depending on the cookie. You can also delete these cookies at any time.
IV.     Provision of the website and creation of log files
1.       Description and scope of data processing
Whenever our website is called up, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.
The following data are collected:
·      Browser type and browser version·      Operating system used·      Referrer URL·      Hostname of the accessing computer·      Time of the server inquiry·      IP address
The data are also stored in the log files of our system. These data are not stored together with other personal data of the user.
2.       Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR.
3.       Purpose of data processing
Temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to the user's computer. For this purpose, the IP address of the user must be stored for the duration of the session.
The IP address is stored in log files to ensure functionality of the website. In addition, the data are used to optimise the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. Data are not analysed for marketing purposes in this context.
These purposes also corroborate our legitimate interest in data processing in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR.
4.       Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purpose of their collection. Whenever data are collected in order to provide the website, this is the case when the respective session is ended.
Whenever data are stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Storage for longer than this is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are deleted or alienated, which means that it is no longer possible to identify the client calling up the site.
5.       Possibility of objection and removal
It is necessary to collect data relating to provision of the website and store the data in log files in order to operate the website. There is therefore no possibility for users to object to this.
V.                        Contact form and e-mail contact
1.                      Description and scope of data processing
There is a contact form on our website which can be used to initiate contact electronically. If a user takes this option, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and stored. These data are:
-          Surname, first name-          Company-          Department-          Street-          Postal code, City*-          Country-          Phone/Fax-          E-mail-          Your message
At the time the message is sent, the following data are also stored:
(1)     The IP address of the user
In order to process your enquiry, and especially, in the case of technical enquiries, to obtain quotations and to fulfil the contract, we forward your enquiry and the related personal data to the STEGO natco in the STEGO Group that is locally responsible for you. We only perform this forwarding if you have previously agreed to such. You can revoke your consent by sending an email to info@stego.de at any time. However, this does not affect the legality of the processing until revocation. We also reserve the right, following revocation, to use statutory permission, if such permission is relevant, for further processing. Enquiries for which STEGO Elektrotechnik GmbH is not locally responsible cannot be processed without your consent. If the national company in charge of you is located in a third country, we ensure that there is an appropriate level of data protection by applying appropriate EU standard contractual clauses.
For the processing of the data, your consent will be obtained during the sending process and reference will be made to this privacy policy.
In this context, no data will be transferred to third parties (except for data transferred for the purpose described above to the local Stego natco in charge). The data will be used exclusively to process the enquiry.
Alternatively, it is possible to contact us via the e-mail address provided. In this case, the personal data of the user transmitted with the e-mail will be stored.
2.             Legal basis for data processing
The legal basis for the processing of the data is laid down in Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR if users have provided their consent.
The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of sending an e-mail is Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. If the e-mail contact is intended to conclude a contract, additional legal foundations for the processing are laid down in Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR .
3.        Purpose of the data processing
For us, the processing of personal data from the input mask solely serves the purpose of processing the initiation of contact and lodging of enquiries, in particular technical enquiries, of obtaining offers and fulfilling the contract. In the event that we are contacted by e-mail, this is also deemed to constitute a necessary legitimate interest in the processing of data.
The other personal data processed during the sending process serves to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.
4.        Duration of storage
The data will be deleted as soon as they are no longer needed for the purpose of their collection. For the personal data from the input mask of the contact form and those sent by e-mail, this is considered to be the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. The conversation is considered to be ended when it is clear from the circumstances that the matter in question has been conclusively resolved.
The personal data additionally collected during the sending process will be deleted after a period of seven days at the latest.
VI.           Social media
(1)     We currently use the following social media plug-ins: Facebook, Pressbox, Twitter and LinkedIn. Here we use the so-called two-click solution. This means that when you visit our site, no personal data is initially passed on to the providers of the plug-ins. You can recognise the provider of the plug-in by the mark on the box by its initial letter or logo. We provide you the opportunity to communicate directly with the provider of the plug-in via the button. Only if you click on the marked field and thereby activate it will the plug-in provider receive the information that you have accessed the corresponding website of our online offer. In addition, the data mentioned under IV. of this policy will also be transmitted. According to respective providers in Germany, in the case of Facebook (and Xing), the IP address is anonymised immediately after it is collected. By activating the plug-in, your personal data are transmitted to the respective plug-in provider and stored there (in the case of US providers this is in the USA). Since the plug-in provider collects data in particular via cookies, we recommend that you delete all cookies via your browser's security settings before clicking on the greyed-out box.
(2)     We have no influence on the collected data and data processing procedures, nor are we aware of the full extent of the data collection, the purposes of the processing, or storage periods. Nor do we have any information about the deletion of the collected data by the plug-in provider.
(3)     The plug-in provider stores the data collected on you as user profiles and uses these for the purposes of advertising, market research and/or the needs-based design of its website. Such an analysis is performed in particular (also for users who are not logged in) for the purpose of presenting needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles. You must contact the respective plug-in provider in order to exercise this right. Through the plug-ins we offer you the possibility to interact with social networks and other users so that we can improve our service and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for the use of the plug-ins is laid down in Art. 6 (1) (1) (f) of the GDPR.
(4)     Data transfer takes place regardless of whether you have an account with the plug-in provider and are logged in there. If you are logged in with the plug-in provider, your data collected by us will be directly assigned to your account with the plug-in provider. If you click the activated button and, for example, link to the page, the plug-in provider will also save this information in your user account and publicly share it with your contacts. We recommend that you log out regularly after using a social network, but especially before activating the button, as this will help you avoid being assigned to your profile with the plug-in provider.
(5)     Further information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider can be found in the following data protection policies of these providers. There you will also find additional information on your rights in this regard and setting options to protect your privacy.
(6)       The addresses of the respective plug-in providers and URL with their data protection notices are as follows:
a)         Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; www.facebook.com/policy.php; additional information on data collection: www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084, www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info-on-other and www.facebook.com/about/privacy/your-info. Facebook has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
b)         Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, California 94103, USA; twitter.com/privacy. Twitter has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
e)         Pressebox
f)         LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, California 94043, USA; www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. LinkedIn has submitted to EU-US Privacy Shield, www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
g)         Flattr Network Ltd., established at 2nd Floor, White Bear Yard 114A, Clerkenwell Road,
VII.       Google Analytics
(1)     This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). This use is based on Art. 6 (1) (1) (f) of the GDPR. Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files which are stored on your computer and which enable your use of the website to be analysed. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website such asbrowser type/version,the operating system used,referrer URL (the page previously visited),the host name of the accessing computer (IP address),time of the server request,are usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The IP address transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics is not merged with other data from Google. We have also added the code "anonymizeIP" to Google Analytics on this website. This guarantees masking of your IP address so that all data are collected anonymously. Only in exceptional cases is the complete IP address transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there.
(2)       Regarding exceptional cases in which personal data are transferred to the USA, Google has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield – https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
(3)       On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. We only use Google Analytics if you have agreed to this in advance. You can prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software settings accordingly; however, we would like to note that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent.
(4)       You can also prevent the collection of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) by Google and processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. As an alternative to the browser add-on, especially for browsers on mobile devices, you can also prevent Google Analytics from collecting data by clicking on this link: Disable Google Analytics. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent future collection of your information when you visit this site. The opt-out cookie is valid only in this browser and only for our website and is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you will have to set the opt-out cookie again.
(5)       We also use Google Analytics to analyse data from double-click cookies as well as AdWords for statistical purposes. If you do not wish to do this, you can deactivate this via the Ads Preferences Manager (http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=de).
(6)     Third party information: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. User terms and conditions: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, overview of data protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as the privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
VIII.       Google AdSense
This website uses Google AdSense, a service for the integration of advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google AdSense uses so-called "cookies". These are text files which are stored on your computer and which enable use of the website to be analysed. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). These web beacons allow information such as visitor traffic on these pages to be analysed.
Information generated by cookies and web beacons regarding use of this website (including your IP address) and delivery of advertising formats is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information may be shared by Google with Google's contractual partners. Google will not merge your IP address with other data stored about you, however.
Storage of AdSense cookies is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both its website and its advertising.
You may reject the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note, however, that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you agree to the processing of the data collected on you by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose .
IX.       Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking
This website uses Google AdWords. AdWords is an online advertising program of
Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).
In the context of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. When you click on an ad placed by Google, a cookie is set for conversion tracking. Cookies are small text files that the Internet browser stores on the user's computer. These cookies lose their validity after 30 days and are not used to personally identify users. If the user visits certain pages of this website and the cookie has not expired, Google and we may recognise that the user clicked on the ad and was redirected to that page.
Every Google AdWords customer receives a different cookie. The cookies cannot be tracked on the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected using the conversion cookie is used to generate conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told the total number of users who have clicked on their ad and have been redirected to a page with a conversion tracking tag. They will not receive information that can be used to identify users personally, however.
If you do not want this to happen, you can prevent storage of the cookies required for these technologies, for example by changing the settings of your browser. In this case, your visit will not be included in user statistics.
You can prevent participation in this tracking procedure in various ways:
a) by setting your browser software accordingly, in particular the suppression of third-party cookies means that you will not receive any advertisements from third-party providers;
b) by disabling cookies for conversion tracking by setting your browser to block cookies from the domain „www.googleadservices.com“, www.google.de/settings/ads, this setting will be cleared when you delete your cookies;
c) by deactivating the interest-based ads of providers that are part of the self-regulation campaign "About Ads" via the link www.aboutads.info/choices, this setting will be deleted when you delete your cookies;
d) by permanent deactivation in your Firefox, Internet Explorer or Google Chrome browsers at the link www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin. We would note that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this service to their full extent.
The storage of "conversion cookies" is based on Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both its website and its advertising.
More information about Google AdWords and Google conversion tracking can be found in the Google Privacy Policy: www.google.de/policies/privacy/.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. If you disable cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
X.       Facebook Pixel
(1)     With your consent, we use the "visitor action pixel" of Facebook Inc. ("Facebook"). It allows us to track users' actions after they have seen or clicked on a Facebook advertisement. This allows us to measure the effectiveness of Facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes.
(2)     Consent is provided by means of a so-called opt-in procedure. The "Visitor Action Pixel" will only be activated if you click the consent button for the "Visitor Action Pixel" on the website.
(3)     You can revoke your consent to use the "Visitor Action Pixel" at any time. You can state that you are revoking consent by clicking on the link provided. Please click here if you wish to withdraw your consent.
(4)     The data thus collected is anonymous to us, i.e. we do not see the personal data of individual users. This data is stored and processed by Facebook, however, which we will inform you about in line with our state of knowledge. Facebook may associate this information with your Facebook account and may also use it for its own promotional purposes, in accordance with Facebook's Data Usage Policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/). You may allow Facebook and its partners to run ads on and off Facebook. A cookie may also be stored on your computer for these purposes.
(5)    Third party information: Facebook Ireland Limited, 4 Grand Canal Square, Dublin 2, Irland; Managing Directors: Gareth Lambe, Shane Crehan; Registered with the Companies Registration Office of the Republic of Ireland; Company Number 462932
Data Use Policy: www.facebook.com/about/privacy
XI.           Newsletter
If you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we need an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the holder of the e-mail address you provide us and that you agree to receive the newsletter. No additional data are collected or are only collected on a voluntary basis. We use these data exclusively for sending the requested information and do not pass the data on to third parties.
The data entered in the newsletter registration form will be processed exclusively on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR). You can revoke your consent to the storage of your data, your e-mail address and its being used to send the newsletter at any time, for example by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The legality of the data processing operations already carried out is not affected by revocation.
The data you provide us with for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and deleted after you cancel the newsletter. This will not affect data that has been stored by us for other purposes (e.g. e-mail addresses for the member area).
XII.       Plugins
1.         YouTube
(1)   We have integrated YouTube videos into our online offer, which are stored on www.YouTube.com and can be played directly from our website. These are all embedded in "enhanced privacy mode", which means that no data about you as a user are transferred to YouTube if you do not play the videos. Only when you play the videos will the data referred to in section 2 be transmitted. We have no influence on this data transmission.
(2)   By visiting the website, YouTube is informed that you have accessed the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the relevant data referred to in this policy will be transmitted. This is done regardless of whether YouTube provides a user account that you are logged in with or no user account exists. If you are logged in to Google, your information is directly associated with your account. If you do not want this linkage to your profile on YouTube, you have to log out before activating the button. YouTube stores your data as user profiles and uses the data for purposes of advertising, market research and/or design of its website to align with needs. Such an analysis is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, but you must contact YouTube to exercise this right.
(3)     Additional information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by YouTube is available in the privacy policy. There you will also find additional information on your rights and settings to protect your privacy: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US-Privacy-Shield, www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
2.         Vimeo
Our website uses plugins from the video portal Vimeo. The provider is Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA.
When you visit one of our sites equipped with a Vimeo plugin, a connection is established to the Vimeo servers. This tells the Vimeo server which of our pages you have visited. Vimeo also obtains your IP address. This also applies if you are not logged in to Vimeo or do not have an account with Vimeo. The information collected by Vimeo is transmitted to the Vimeo server in the USA.
When you log in to your Vimeo account, you allow Vimeo to assign your surfing behaviour directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your Vimeo account.
For additional information on how Vimeo handles user data, please see the Vimeo privacy policy at: vimeo.com/privacy.
3.         Google Web Fonts
This page uses so-called web fonts, which are provided by Google, to ensure uniform display of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into its browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly.
For this purpose, the browser you use must connect to Google's servers. This allows Google to obtain knowledge that our website has been accessed via your IP address. Google Web Fonts are used to ensure a uniform and attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest in the meaning of Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font is used by your computer.
For additional information about Google Web Fonts, please visit
developers.google.com/fonts/faq and see Google's privacy policy: www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
4.         Google Maps
(1) We use the Google Maps service on this website. This allows us to display interactive maps directly on the website and enables you to conveniently use the map function. This helps us to improve our service and make it more interesting for you as a user. The legal basis for the use of Google Maps is laid down in Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 (f) of the GDPR.
(2) When you visit the website, Google is informed that you have called up the corresponding subpage of our website. In addition, the data referred to under section IV of this policy is transmitted. This happens regardless of whether Google provides a user account through which you are logged in or whether no user account exists. When you are logged in to Google, your information is directly associated with your account. If you do not want data to be assigned to your profile on Google, you have to log out before activating the button. Google stores your data as user profiles and uses the data for purposes of advertising, market research and/or to design its website in line with needs. Such an analysis is carried out in particular (even for users who are not logged in) to provide needs-based advertising and to inform other users of the social network about your activities on our website. You have a right to object to the creation of these user profiles, but you must contact Google to exercise this right.
(3) For additional information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by the plug-in provider, see the provider's data privacy policy. There you will also find additional information on your rights and settings to protect your privacy: www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy. Google also processes your personal data in the USA and has submitted to the EU-US Privacy Shield, https://www.privacyshield.gov/EU-US-Framework.
(4) Third party informationen: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. User terms and conditions: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, overview of data protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as the privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
XIII.     Rights of the data subject
If personal data is processed by you, you are deemed to be a data subject within the meaning of the GDPR and you are entitled to the following rights in relation to the data controller:
1.       Right of information
You can request confirmation from the data controller as to whether personal data concerning you is being processed by us.
Whenever such processing is performed, you may request the following information from the data controller :
(1)     the purposes for which the personal data are processed;
(2)     the categories of personal data processed;
(3)     the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or will be disclosed;
(4)     the planned duration of storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information cannot be provided, criteria for determining the duration of storage;
(5)     the existence of a right to rectify or erase personal data concerning you, a right to have the processing limited by the controller or a right to object to such processing;
(6)     the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
(7)     all available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
(8)     the presence of automated decision-making, including profiling, in accordance with Art. 22 (1) and (4) of the GDPR and - at least in these cases - useful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing on the data subject.
You have the right to request information as to whether personal data concerning you are transmitted to a third country or to an international organisation. In this context, you may request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 of the GDPR in connection with the transmission.
2.         Right to rectification
You have the right to have the data controller rectify and/or integrate any personal data processed concerning you if it is incorrect or incomplete. The data controller will undertake correction without undue delay.
5.         Right to restrict processing
Subject to the following conditions, you may request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted:
(1)     if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period of time which enables the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
(2)     the processing is unlawful and you object to the deletion of the personal data and request instead restriction of use of the personal data;
(3)     the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you need the data in order to assert, exercise or defend your rights, or
(4)     if you have lodged an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) of the GDPR and it is not yet clear whether the legitimate reasons of the data controller outweigh your reasons.
Whenever the processing of personal data relating to you has been restricted, such data may only be processed, with the exception of storage of such, with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State thereof.
If processing has been restricted in accordance with the aforementioned conditions, you will be informed by the data controller before the restriction is lifted.
6.         Right of erasure
a)        Erasure obligation
You may request the data controller to erase personal data concerning you without undue delay and the data controller is obligated to delete such data without undue delay if one of the following reasons applies:
(1)     The personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
(2)     You revoke your consent upon which the processing was based pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 (a) of the GDPR and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
(3)     You lodge an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you lodge an objection to the processing pursuant to Art. 21 (2) of the GDPR.
(4)     Personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.
(5)     The deletion of personal data concerning you is necessary to comply with a legal obligation under Union or national law to which the data controller is subject.
(6)     The personal data concerning you have been collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Article 8 (1) of the GDPR.
b)      Information to third parties
If the data controller has made public the personal data concerning you and is obligated to delete such in accordance with Art. 17 (1) of the GDPR, the data controller will take appropriate measures, including technical ones, while taking into account the available technology and implementation costs, to inform data controllers who process the personal data that you, in your capacity as data subject, have requested them to delete all links to these personal data or copies or replications of these personal data.
c)      Exceptions
The right to erasure does not apply if the processing is necessary
(1)     to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
(2)     to comply with a legal obligation imposed on the data controller under Union or national law to which the data controller is subject or in the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the data controller;
(3)     for reasons of public interest in the field of public health in accordance with Art. 9 (2) (h) and (i) of the GDPR and Art. 9 (3) of the GDPR;
(4)     for archival, scientific or historical research purposes in the public interest or for statistical purposes pursuant to Art. 89 (1) of the GDPR if the right referred to in section a) is likely to render impossible or seriously prejudice the attainment of the objectives of such processing, or
(5)     to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
7.         Right to information
If you have exercised the right to rectify, erase or limit processing, the data controller is obligated to notify all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of this rectification, erasure or limitation of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
You have the right to be informed of these recipients by the data controller.
8.             Right to data portability
You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the data controller in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to have this data communicated to another data controller without interference from the data controller to whom the personal data have been made available subject to the proviso that
(1)     the processing is based on a consent pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (a) of the GDPR or Art. 9 (2) (a) of the GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 (1) (b) of the GDPR and
(2)     the processing is carried out by means of automated procedures.
In exercising this right, you are also entitled to have the personal data concerning you transferred directly from one data controller to another one if this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons may not be impaired as a result.
The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the data controller.
9.         Right of objection
You have the right to object at any time, for reasons arising from our particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning you which is performed on the basis of Article 6 (1) (e) or (f) of the GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
The data controller will no longer process the personal data concerning you unless the controller can demonstrate compelling legitimate reasons for processing such which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or if the processing is carried out for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
If the personal data concerning you are processed for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such advertising, including profiling, if such is linked to this direct marketing.
If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.
You may exercise your right of objection in relation to the use of information society services, without prejudice to Directive 2002/58/EC, by means of automated procedures involving technical specifications.
10.      Right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law
You have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent at any time. The revocation of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
11.      Automated decision in individual cases including profiling
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which has legal effect on you or which significantly affects you in a similar way. This shall not apply if the decision
(1)     is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the data controller,
(2)     is authorised by Union or national legislation to which the person responsible is subject and that legislation provides for appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests, or
(3)     with your express consent.
However, these decisions may not be based on special categories of personal data in accordance with Art. 9 (1) of the GDPR, unless Art. 9 (2) (a) or (g) applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
With regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the data controller will take appropriate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests, which will include at least the right to obtain the intervention of any person from the party of the data controller, to present your own point of view and to contest the decision.
12.      Right to appeal to a supervisory authority
Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State in which you are domiciled, your place of work or the place where the alleged infringement has occurred, if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you is in breach of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority to which the complaint was filed will inform the complainant of the status and the results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Art. 78 of the GDPR.
The supervisory authority responsible for the data controller is
The Baden-Württemberg State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of InformationKönigstrasse 10 a70173 Stuttgart
Postfach 10 29 3270025 StuttgartPhone: 0711/615541-0Fax: 0711/615541-15E-mail: poststelle@lfdi.bwl.de
www.stego-usa.com>Service-Navigation>Privacy Policy
© 2020 STEGO Elektrotechnik GmbH
Privacy PolicyThis website would like to use cookies to offer you a user-friendly service and to analyse user behaviour in an anonymous form. You can agree to the use of these cookies or reject them. Further information, including the possibility to withdraw your consent, can be found in our privacy policy.DetailsAcceptDecline