http://www.stevevick.com/privacy/
Home
About Us
Distributors Map
Careers
Meet the team
Products & Services
Gas
Gas Home
Flowstopping
Gas Mains Renewal
Pipe Handling Equipment
Pipe Cutting and Cracking
Gas Service Renewal
Gas Case Studies
Water
Water Home
Pipe Cutting and Cracking
Pipe Handling Equipment
Sealing off Disused Drains
Water Case Studies
Nuclear
Nuclear Home
Sealing Pipes and Ducts
Pipe Cutting and Cracking
Filling Voids
Pipe Decommissioning
Nuclear Case Studies
Contract Services
Contract Services Home
Pipe Cutting
Connections, Alterations and Repairs
Stub End Solutions
Flowstopping and Filling Voids
Contract Services Case Studies
SMARTester™
Other Services
News
Videos
Downloads
Contact
Home > Privacy
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Definitions
Privacy Principles
What Information Does Steve Vick International Collect?
How Does Steve Vick International Use Your Information?
Cookies Statement
Your Rights
Other Terms
Privacy Statement
At Steve Vick International, your privacy is important to us. As a manufacturer and service provider within the utilities industry, we need to collect and use information on our suppliers, customers, and potential customers. We use this information to manage our business, meet the needs and contractual obligations of our customers, and meet our legislative obligations.
This policy sets out how we handle your personal data and describes how we protect it whilst ensuring we are compliant with legislation. This policy applies to all personal data that is processed, regardless of how the data is stored or whether it relates to past, present, or potential customers/suppliers/users of our website.
Definitions
Personal Information
Personal information means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, from the information. The information includes name, address, date of birth, email, telephone number, national insurance number etc. Personal information also includes information associated with that individual.
Sensitive Information
Information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or similar beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health conditions, biometric or genetic data and personal data relating to criminal offences and convictions is considered sensitive information or sensitive personal data
Data Processing
Processing means any action performed on personal information, which includes collection, recording, organising, storing, sharing and transmitting. This includes electronic and paper documents containing personal information and CCTV images. Many of the activities within Steve Vick International Ltd involves processing information and therefore we must comply with the law.
Legislation
Unless otherwise specified, legislation refers to directive (EU) 2016/679 – General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) as transcribed into UK law by the Data Protection Act 2018.
Privacy Principles
Collecting Information
We will collect the minimum amount of personal information we need to complete a given task. For example, if you make an enquiry through our website we will only collect initial contact details. The personal information we collect will be relevant only for the intended purpose and legitimate business interest of Steve Vick International Ltd.
Sensitive Personal
Data We will only collect data classed as sensitive personal data when absolutely necessary. It will be handled by and shared with only persons who are trained and authorised in the handling of such data. We will ensure that this kind of data is protected.
Sharing Personal Data
In general we are prohibited from sharing personal data with third parties unless contractual arrangements along with safeguards have been put in place. Where such information is required to be disclosed to a third party such as a supplier or another customer, we will seek to obtain your consent prior to sharing the data.
Processing Information
We will only process information for legitimate business reasons. We will ensure that it is processed lawfully, and fairly. We will not send marketing material to your personal email address or home address without prior consent. However, if you are an existing customer we may end you marketing materials if your details were obtained during the course of a sale and you were given an opportunity to opt-out.
Confidentiality
We have a duty of confidentiality to our customers when processing personal information. All Steve Vick International Ltd employees must sign a confidentiality agreement before starting work at Steve Vick International Ltd.
What Information Does Steve Vick International Collect?
When you sign up to our mailing list, contact us via our website, or use any of our other services we may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, address, contact phone number, email address in various types of record.
Depending on the type of record, we hold this information for the following periods:
Customer Related
Financial transaction records: 6 years after account is closed
Contracts: 6 years after account is closed
Letters: 6 years after account is closed
Complaints: 6 years after account is closed
Enquiries: 3 years after account is closed
Investigations: 10 years after account is closed
Telephone: calls 3 years from date of creation
Job application and interview records: 6 months following unsuccessful application
Health & Safety
Accident/Incident Book: 15 years
Legal/Accident/Incident Forms: 4 years from date of accident
Risk Assessments: 7 years
Health & Safety Reports: 15 years
Fire Procedure: Until superseded but retain copies of earlier versions
Health & Safety Policy: Until superseded but retain earlier versions up to 15 years and review as necessary
Records of monitoring areas where employees are likely to come into contact with asbestos: Retain for 40 years (refer to The Control of Substances Hazardous to Health Regulations 2002)
Records of monitoring areas where employees/ are likely to come into contact with radiation: Retain for 50 years (refer to The Ionising Radiations Regulations 1999)
Fire log books: Retain for 7 years
Legal
Third party contracts: 6 years after date of termination (unless signed as a deed, in which case 12 years after date of termination)
Other
Job application and interview records: 6 months following unsuccessful application
CCTV footage: 30 days
How Does Steve Vick International Use Your Information?
Uses
At Steve Vick International, the primary uses for your personal data are communication and the processing of orders. When making an enquiry or placing an order with us, we will do our best to make sure we use your information in order assist you with your enquiries or orders in a timely manner.
If you decide to open an account with Steve Vick International, we may use your information to run a credit check in order to confirm your identity and assist in the prevention of unlawful activities.
Storage
Your personal information is held in CRM, ERP, and email marketing software. This data is stored on premises in our database which resides on our internal servers.
If you are a SMARTester™ customer, personal information is held on our hosted platform, the data of which is stored on secure, UK based servers.
Security
We will endeavour to ensure your personal information is protected whether in electronic or paper form.
Documents containing personal information should be stored securely when not required. Documents containing personal information will only be removed from the business premises when necessary. Documents will be protected whilst offsite and will not be left unattended.
Cookies Statement
We use cookies on this site. A cookie is a piece of stored data on the system of a visitor to a site. Cookies help us improve your access, identify repeat visitors to this site and can also enable us to track and target interests of our site visitors to enhance their experience on our site.
The cookies we use are: Google Analytics, which tracks how many people visit our site, what they do, how they got to our website, which pages they visit and the technology they are using to view our site but all of that information is anonymous and we cannot access contact or personal details of individual users;
You can disable or remove any cookies stored on your computer but these may prevent our website from functioning properly.
We do not sell our use our cookie data for third party marketing.
Your Rights
In accordance with articles 15 through 23 of (EU) 2016/679 – General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) your rights include but are not limited to:
Access to your data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
To know what kinds of data we hold and process including the category of personal data, the recipients of said data, the purpose for which we process it, and the period for which we retain the data.
Rectification (correction) of any inaccuracies in your personal data.
To have your data erased (within the grounds of article 17 of GDPR).
Restrict us from processing your personal data if you deem the processing to be inaccurate, unnecessary, or unlawful (within the grounds of article 18 of GDPR).
Notification if we seek to rectify or erase any of your personal data.
The ability to object to the processing of your personal data including for direct marketing purposes. If we receive such an objection, we will make sure that we will no longer use your personal information for direct marketing purposes.
If you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to this list we would ask that you do so via a ‘Subject Access Request’ as defined in GDPR either in writing or verbally. We will respond to any such request within one month.
Other Terms
Our website provides links to other websites including social media sites. If you click on any of these links you will no longer be protected by this privacy policy.
Steve Vick International reserves the right to amend this policy as it deems necessary.
Download Brochure
Download Our Brochure
For further information on our full range of products and services please download our corporate brochure...
Download NOW
Ask a question...
Please tick if you are UK based.
For those outside of the UK we may pass your enquiry onto one of our distributors.
Thank you for getting in touch
We'll reply to your question soon