http://www.sharis.com/rewards/cafe-club-terms-and-conditions/
Search
Top Bar
TOP BAR
Menu
Breakfast
Lunch
Dinner
Pies & Dessert
Specials
Locations
Rewards
Order
Login
Rewards Terms
In order to register for the Shari’s Rewards (“Rewards Program”) and to access and use the Rewards Program website (“Site”), you must agree to these Terms and Conditions as follows:
Eligibility: The Rewards Program is only available to legal residents of the United States and the District of Columbia who are 18 years of age or older when they enroll in the Rewards Program. Only one account is allowed per Member.
Enrollment: In order to enroll as a “Member” of the Rewards Program, you must provide Shari’s Management Corporation (“Shari’s”) with your name, email address, a password, address, and phone number.
Earning Rewards: Members earn “Reward Dollars” by making qualifying purchases at Shari’s restaurants; Reward Dollars will not be earned for any taxes, gratuities, for purchases of gift cards or alcoholic beverages, any other promotional discounts, or for purchases made with Reward Dollars. Shari’s in its sole discretion may also award Members Reward Dollars and other rewards, e.g., free food, for the Member’s specific behavior or special events.
“Hurdle Rate:” For every $100 in qualifying purchases, a Member will earn $5 in Reward Dollars. The Hurdle Rate is subject to change and any change will be reflected in the updated Terms and Conditions, as contemplated herein.
Redemption: Reward Dollars may be redeemed for food and beverages (excluding alcoholic beverages) sold at Shari’s Restaurants. It may not be redeemed for purchases of gift cards, tax, gratuity, cash or lottery. Members may redeem more than one $5 Reward Dollars for a single purchase. Reward Dollars may not be redeemed during the same visit in which the Hurdle Rate is reached.
Expiration: Reward Dollars will expire if Member’s account is inactive for more than 12 months, after earned by reaching a Hurdle Rate, and other rewards will expire as indicated on the reward.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Other Promotions: The Rewards Program may offer sweepstakes, contests or other promotions that may have rules or their own terms and conditions. Members are required to read those rules and terms and conditions, and to agree and accept to be bound by them in order to participate.
Account Closure: A Member’s Rewards Program account will be closed after 12 months with no activity.
Suspension/Termination of Membership: Shari’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to suspend a Member’s membership in the Rewards Program in the event of any suspected misconduct, including suspending the Member’s ability to redeem Reward Dollars and/or other rewards earned in connection with his/her membership in the Rewards Program. If Shari’s concludes in its sole discretion that the Member has engaged in misconduct or that his/her account has been compromised, it may terminate the Member’s membership, including but not limited to terminating the Member’s ability to redeem Reward Dollars and/or other rewards earned in connection with his/her membership in the Rewards Program.
Modification of Terms and Conditions: Shari’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify at any time these Terms and Conditions. Any such changes are effective immediately and the Member’s continued enrollment in the Rewards Program and/or use of the Site confirms that he/she accepts the changes and agree to be bound by them.
Termination of Rewards Program. Shari’s reserves the right in its sole discretion to terminate the Rewards Program. If the Rewards Program is terminated, Members will no longer earn Reward Dollars or other rewards. Any Reward Dollars or other rewards will expire as stated on the Rewards Dollars or other rewards, unless otherwise provided for herein.
Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer: Members use the Site at their own risk. Shari’s Management is not liable for any direct, indirect, special or other damages or losses that may result from the Member accessing this Site or using information, services or merchandise provided through Shari’s. This Site and the information included on the Site are provided by Shari’s “as is” without any warranty of any kind either expressed or implied. Shari’s is not responsible for interrupted or unavailable network server or other connections, miscommunications, computer transmissions or jumbled, scrambled or misdirected transmissions, or for electrical, network, computer hardware or software or program malfunctions, failures or difficulties or for other errors, omissions, interruptions, or deletions of any kind whether human, mechanical or electronic or for any damage to any person’s computer related to participating in the Rewards Program. Shari’s liability for Reward Dollars or any other reward containing printing or other errors, if any liability exists, is limited to replacement with other Reward Dollars or reward, while supplies last.
Release: Member hereby releases and agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Shari’s from and against any and all costs, claims, damages, or any other injury, whether due to negligence or otherwise, to person(s) or property (including, without limitation, death or violation of any personal rights, such as violation of right of publicity/privacy, libel, or slander), due in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, to the Member’s participation in the Rewards Program, or the receipt, use or misuse, of Reward Dollars or any other reward.
Links to Third Party Websites: The Site may contain links to other websites. Shari’s does not have any control over these other websites and it is not responsible for their content or security. If a Member clicks on a link to an outside website, he/she does so at his/her own risk and is subject to the privacy policy, and terms and conditions of that website.
Privacy: Any information that a Member provides to Shari’s will be treated in accordance with Shari’s Privacy Policy located at sharis.com.
Choice of Law: These Terms and Conditions are governed by and are to be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas.
Disputes to Be Resolved Through Arbitration: Except where prohibited by law, by participating in the Rewards Program, the Member agrees that any action arising out of or relating in any way to the Rewards Program shall be resolved individually and exclusively by final and binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (the “Forum”) and conducted before a sole arbitrator, all pursuant to the Forum’s Commercial Arbitration Rules as supplemented by the Forum’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes (collectively, the “Forum’s Rules”). The arbitration shall be held at a location in the state in which the Member lives. The arbitrator’s decision shall be controlled by these Terms and Conditions and any of the other rules referenced herein. The arbitrator shall not have the power to award punitive damages against Shari’s or anyone else. There shall be no authority for any claims to be arbitrated (or otherwise disputed) on a class or representative basis; arbitration can decide only the Member’s individual claims, and the arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or Members who may be similarly situated. ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IS HEREBY WAIVED. Members also agree that (a) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred; and (b) under no circumstances will Members be permitted, and Members hereby waive all rights, to: (i) claim punitive, exemplary, special, incidental, indirect and consequential damages and any other damages (whether due to negligence or otherwise); and (ii) have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. Any challenge to this provision shall also be resolved by an arbitrator of the Forum. If any provision or provisions of these Terms and Conditions shall be held to be invalid, illegal, unenforceable or in conflict with the law of any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.
About Us
Founded in 1978, Shari's is the largest family-style
brand in the Pacific Northwest. We’re famous for
our fresh Northwest comfort food, welcoming
service, and grand selection of award-winning pies!
9400 SW Gemini Drive
Beaverton, OR 97008
503.605.4299
800.433.5334
Info
GIFT CARDS
COMMUNITY
CAREERS
ACCESSIBILITY
CONTACT US
NEWS AND PRESS
PRIVACY POLICY
LEGAL
SHARI'S REWARDS TERMS & CONDITIONS
Join the Rewards Club
Start Earning Today! Earn points for every
dollar you spend. 100 points = $5 reward.
JOIN NOW
Connect