http://www.sunrisemedical.com/policies/cookie-usage
Cookie Usage
Cookies used by SunriseMedical.com
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a file stored automatically on your computer by a website or web application. Proper use of cookies is to help the site function (for example to record the fact that you have 'logged in') or to make it easier for you to use the site (for example by recording your preferences).
What cookies does SunriseMedical.com use?
There are two types of cookie you may encounter when using our website:
First party cookies
These are our own cookies, controlled by us and used to provide information about usage of our site. These cookies are:
CMSCookieLevel
System
Specifies which cookies are enabled by the visitor.
ASP.NET_SessionId
System
Keeps the user session ID for security reasons.
CMSPreferredCulture
Essential
Stores the visitor's preferred content culture.
CMSMobileRedirected
Essential
Indicates if the visitor has been redirected to the mobile version of the website by the Mobile device redirection web part.
CurrentTheme
Essential
Stores the name of the current visual theme to provide proper design to the dialog windows.
CMSBodyClass
Essential
Body element class to provide accessibility standards.
CMSShowDesktopVersion
Essential
Indicates that the visitor has switched to the desktop (default) version of the website from a specific device profile.
VisitorStatus
Visitor
Overall status of the visitor to track the site visitors within the web analytics.
Campaign
Visitor
Stores the web analytics Campaign assigned to the visitor.
UrlReferrer
Visitor
Stores the URL referrer from which the user arrives on the website.
CurrentContact
Visitor
Stores the GUID of the contact related to the current site visitor. Used to track activities on the website.
Third party cookies
These are cookies found in web tools that we use from other companies, for example Facebook or YouTube. They have their own cookies that are controlled by them. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies and you should always check the third party websites for more information about these.
Provider
Name
Purpose
More info
YouTube
VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
PREF
These cookies are used for YouTube's embedded content.
Google Privacy policy
Facebook
c_user
csm
datr
fr
lu
s
xs
These cookies are used for Facebook's social media plug-ins and embedded Facebook content.
Facebook privacy policy
Google +1
ACCOUNT_CHOOSER
NID
OGPC
OTZ
These cookies are used for Google +1's social media plug in for recommendation.
Google Privacy policy
Google Analytics
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The information collected is anonymous and does not identify a visitor. The data includes the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come from and the pages they visited.
Google Privacy policy
Twitter
_twitter_sess
eu_cn
guest_id
pid
Enables use of "Tweet This" buttons allowing you to share a web page via Twitter.
Twitter Privacy Policy
Pinterest
csrftoken
_pintrest_sess
_pintrest_cm
Enables use of "Pin It" buttons allowing you to share an image via Pinterest.
Pinterest Privacy Policy
How to restrict/block cookies
If you wish to restrict or block the cookie set by SunriseMedical.com, or cookies on any other websites, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of this website.
Country:
Sunrise Medical Group Website
America Latina
Australia
België
Belgique
Canada
Czech Republic
Denmark
Deutschland
España
France
International
Italia
Japan
Middle East
Nederland
Norge
Österreich
Polska
Portugal
Schweiz
Sverige
United Kingdom
United States
Change Cookie Settings
Essential
These cookies are enabled by default and are required for basic site functionality. These include cookies that keep track of your session ID when exploring our site and also assist in security and login authentication. See list of cookies
Performance
Social & Advertising
Sunrise Medical uses Cookies
Sunrise Medical asks you to accept cookies to personalize website content and analyse traffic. We also use third-party social media and advertising cookies to offer you social media functionalities and personalized ads on other sites. Do you accept these cookies and any processing of personal data involved?
Change Settings