https://www.truccodirect.com/privacy-policy/
full
color
https://truccodirect.com/wp-content/themes/anya-installable/
https://truccodirect.com/
#A9CA6E
style1
Privacy Policy
You are here: Home » Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: http://truccodirect.com.
Personal Data you provide to A.J. Trucco
Personally Identifiable Information — is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual such as your name, email address, home address, and phone number. A.J. Trucco may ask you to provide Personally Identifiable Information in various places throughout the A.J. Trucco website. Some of these areas where the collection of such information takes place are listed below:
Email Newsletters — A.J. Trucco may offer electronic newsletters. If you subscribe to any of these newsletters, you will be required to provide a valid email address as well as any other information that is relevant to the delivery of the newsletter.
Surveys and Polls — A.J. Trucco may offer online surveys and questionnaires that ask users for opinions on various issues and/or other information. Occasionally, we may request demographic information (like zip code, age or gender) when you answer a survey. Such surveys are completely voluntary.
Sweepstakes and Contests — A.J. Trucco may offer sweepstakes, contests and giveaways throughout in conjunction with third party providers. We typically ask you for your email address and/or phone number (to notify you if you’ve won, or not). We also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses in order to verify the entrant’s identity. In some situations, we need additional information as part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.
Commerce Transactions — When you engage in an ecommerce transaction on A.J. Trucco you may be asked to provide credit card information and other Personally Identifiable Information in order to complete the transaction.
Information gathered by A.J. Trucco and its third party service providers.
When you visit A.J. Trucco and interact with the services and tools that reside there, A.J. Trucco and third parties with whom A.J. Trucco has contracted to provide services to A.J. Trucco may collect information on your actions. This type of information is generally collected from two sources. One is from the server log files and the other is from cookies.
IP Address:
Your IP address is a number that is assigned by your ISP (Internet Service Provider) to your computer to identify its location. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. We also sometimes use IP addresses to communicate with members and subscribers and possibly even ban those members who are not complying with our Terms of Service.
Cookies:
Our site uses a feature of your browser to set a “cookie” on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information that a site’s computer stores on your computer. A.J. Trucco can then read the cookies whenever you visit A.J. Trucco. We use cookies to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, to deliver content specific to your interests, to track the pages you’ve visited and to make sure you don’t see the same ads repeatedly. These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your A.J. Trucco experience so that your visit to A.J. Trucco is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible.
You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies you may be unable to use those A.J. Trucco services that require registration in order to participate or will have to sign in each time you visit the A.J. Trucco.
We may provide advertising served by third party advertising companies which deliver a cookie to you so the ads you see can be tracked and ensure that you are not shown the same ad too many times. Since the third party advertising company only tags your computer with a number, they know nothing about who you are. A.J. Trucco does not provide these third party advertising companies with any personally identifiable information. However, these companies may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to the A.J. Trucco and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, email us at info@truccodirect.com.
How A.J. Trucco Uses Information it Collects:
A.J. Trucco uses the information you provide for several purposes, such as to communicate with you and to give you a better experience when visiting A.J. Trucco by personalizing tools, content, services and email messages. A.J. Trucco also uses this information to build new services and develop offers that A.J. Trucco believes are more relevant and valuable to you.
The information collected by A.J. Trucco is also used to create aggregated portraits of the A.J. Trucco audience, portraits which present anonymous statistical demographic information but no personally identifiable information. This aggregated information is used, among other things, to determine trends and needs, and also to supply market research to potential advertisers and partners to help them understand who the A.J. Trucco audience is.
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Third Parties:
A.J. Trucco does not sell or otherwise share Personally Identifiable Information with unaffiliated third parties without your consent (please see the Opt-In/Opt-Out Policy below), except in the following instances: (i) disclosure is required by applicable law or pursuant to a court or similar order; (ii) as deemed necessary, in A.J. Trucco’s discretion, to protect the legal rights or the property of A.J. Trucco, a member or third party, or to prevent personal injury; and/or (iii) in the event of a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the assets or stock of A.J. Trucco or its affiliated entities (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In addition, A.J. Trucco may provide Personally Identifiable Information to third parties who are providing technical or fulfillment services on behalf of A.J. Trucco when such disclosure is required in order to provide those services, provided that such third parties agree to be bound by A.J. Trucco Privacy Policy. A.J. Trucco also reserves the right to share any Personally Identifiable Information or other information about you which you provide to (or which is gathered from) the A.J. Trucco with any or all of its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, our “Affiliates”) (subject to the opt-out right described below, with respect to disclosures of Personally Identifiable Information to Affiliates for their direct marketing uses). A.J. Trucco will also have access to any information you provide to (or which is gathered from) the web sites of any of our Affiliates.
Oftentimes, sweepstakes and contests offered on the A.J. Trucco are serviced by unaffiliated third parties. Information that you provide as part of an entry into a sponsored sweepstakes or contest will be shared with the sponsor if we advise you of such in the sweepstakes rules. Most sweepstakes and contests will also ask you to consent to the release of information contained within the entry form for tax purposes if you become a winner. You should carefully review the rules of each sweepstakes, contest and giveaway which you enter as they may contain additional important information about A.J. Trucco’s or a sponsor’s use of your personally identifiable information. A.J. Trucco will use commercially reasonable efforts to contractually require all such third party advertisers and partners to agree to abide by either the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The information you provide on pages of the A.J. Trucco that are co-branded with a third party (including tools that are hosted by a third party) may be shared with advertisers and partners on an aggregated basis and in these instances your permission will not be requested since no Personally Identifiable Information will be shared or provided to these third party sponsors or advertisers. A.J. Trucco will, however, use commercially reasonable efforts to contractually require all such third party advertisers and partners to agree not to use any non-personally identifiable information about you, in conjunction with other sources of information, or otherwise, to identify you.
The A.J. Trucco Opt-in/Opt-out Policy:
Upon registration or from time-to-time, you may be asked to indicate whether you are interested in receiving information from us about special offers or news about our sites and advertisers. If you do choose to receive these communications by means of an opt-in, we will occasionally send you an email message that matches your request(s). We currently provide the following opt-out opportunities:
At any time, you can follow a link provided in every newsletter or email message (except for e-commerce confirmation or service notice emails) to unsubscribe from that mailing list or email service.
At any time, you can contact us through info@truccodirect.com to have your contact preference changed to “Do Not Contact Me.”
Notwithstanding anything else in this Privacy Policy, please note that A.J. Trucco reserves the right to contact you in the event of a change in the A.J. Trucco’ Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy.
Should we offer user profiles, at any time, you can opt out by going back to your profile of having your Personally Identifiable Information shared with our Affiliates.
You may also be provided with the opportunity to opt-in to receive offers, goods and services directly from select companies other than A.J. Trucco. In such instances where you have opted-in to receive such offers, goods and services from third parties, A.J. Trucco will share your information with such third parties and will often provide you access to the Privacy Policy of the third party for your review via a link. In some instances, when you have the opportunity on the A.J. Trucco to subscribe to a newsletter offered by a third-party email service or advertiser or partner, the email address information will be located on the third party’s server and any information you provide is subject to that entity’s Privacy Policy, not this one.
If you have additional questions about how one of our advertisers, partners or sponsors use information about you, we urge you to contact them directly. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “opt-in” is generally defined as any affirmative action by an A.J. Trucco member or visitor to submit or receive information, as the case may be.
Third Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites:
The A.J. Trucco contains links to advertiser and partner websites that are not co-branded or affiliated with A.J. Trucco in any way. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such non- A.J. Trucco websites, and we do not control the practices of any of our advertisers or partners to whose sites we link.
Access and Correction:
A.J. Trucco provides you with the ability to access, correct or change the Personally Identifiable Information in your member portrait at any time, including contact information or other information you’ve provided to us. However, you cannot currently change your member name although you may re-register and choose a new name. To review, modify or delete your member information, please revisit your profile. Please be advised that A.J. Trucco currently archives information it collects on its members and visitors.
Guidelines Regarding Children:
Personal information about children is a concern for all of us. At A.J. Trucco, we take the protection of children’s privacy very seriously. A.J. Trucco does not encourage participation or visitation by children. Visitors who are known to be under the age of 13 are prohibited from using our website services or establishing any profile.
A.J. Trucco does not currently offer interactive services to its website users.
Should it do so in the future such services are limited to A.J. Trucco’s business.
Anyone under the age of eighteen is prohibited from any chats or message boards for any sex or adult oriented purposes and we ask that no one less than eighteen years of age become a community volunteer.
Public forums/chat rooms/message boards/bulletin boards/social networking:
Throughout the A.J. Trucco site, at some time there could be various public forums such as chat rooms, message boards, “ask the expert” areas and various question and answer areas are available to you as a registered A.J. Trucco member. Please remember that any information you disclose in these public forum areas becomes public information and is immediately accessible on A.J. Trucco, so it is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding to reveal personal information in these areas. A.J. Trucco may decide to utilize the content of Q&A’s, interactions with experts, and/or chat room and message board content throughout the A.J. Trucco website and in promotions in order to enhance A.J. Trucco’s editorial, advertising, promotional and similar activities. In those cases, we often provide authorship credit by listing the author’s member name. We therefore encourage you to use care in protecting your identity when you choose a member name and to keep your member name confidential.
How we protect and secure your information:
A.J. Trucco has numerous security measures in place to protect you from the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, including your credit card information if you choose to conduct an e-commerce transaction on the A.J. Trucco. All of your member information requires use of your password. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. A.J. Trucco uses industry-standard tools, such as firewalls, to ensure that your information is secure and confidential.
Applicable Law
We control and operate the A.J. Trucco from the United States. The A.J. Trucco is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the A.J. Trucco is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the A.J. Trucco do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
We will notify our members when we make any significant changes to our Privacy Policy that affect the use of any personally identifiable information we collect. We will not make new use of any Personally Identifiable Information which A.J. Trucco gathered from individual members or visitors prior to any such significant change in our Privacy Policy without first obtaining the member’s or visitor’s consent for any new uses. In instances where we ask for your Personally Identifiable Information and we tell you the data we are collecting on that page will be shared with unaffiliated third parties, and in cases where a member, visitor or subscriber to the A.J. Trucco opts-in to share his/her information with third parties, those disclosures and opt-ins will override anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy. In addition, A.J. Trucco reserves the right to make non-significant changes to our Privacy Policy that will not affect A.J. Trucco ‘s use of a user’s Personally Identifiable Information at any time without any notice to you other than posting any such changes in a revised Privacy Policy on the A.J. Trucco. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to be sure you are familiar with the most current version. The Privacy Policy will include the most recent date in which any revision has been made. Please note that this Privacy Policy is also incorporated into A.J. Trucco’s Terms of Service.
Contact information
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or anything else about A.J. Trucco, you can contact us at the following email address: info@truccodirect.com
Trucco is one of the largest importers of fresh produce as well as dried fruits and nuts from around the world, with distribution centers in New York and New Jersey.
Contact Us1-866-258-7822info@truccodirect.com343-344 NYC Terminal MarketBronx, NY 10474
Copyright @ 2015-2019 A.J. Trucco Inc.  |  Privacy Policy
default
No more posts to load.
Load More Posts
Loading posts...
90b054
none
#5d8a58
off
fadeInUp
/%category%/%postname%/
#5d8a58