https://www.aveling.com.au/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Purpose
AVELING is committed to ensuring all personal information collected and/or held is handled appropriately, lawfully, openly and transparently, in accordance with all relevant legislation. To this end AVELING undertakes to use all reasonable endeavours to protect personal information.
Scope
This policy refers to all information collected by AVELING, our Employees, Contractors and Associated Entities regarding participants, clients, consultants, job applicants, employees, contractors and other individuals.
Responsibility
All AVELING Employees, Contractors and Associated Entities have a responsibility to ensure an understanding of this policy, and related legislation, to ensure all information is collected, stored and disseminated in the correct manner.
Policy
1. Collection of Information
AVELING will only collect personal information that is necessary for business functions and activities, or to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including:
Providing training, assessment, consultation, coaching and auspicing services
Informing participants or clients about additional or upcoming available courses and/or services
Gathering feedback from participants or clients regarding training for AVELING’s market analysis and/or course development
Recruitment and selection
AVELING will not release any personal information to a third party without the written consent of the client. In addition, when collecting personal information AVELING will, as far as is practicable, provide the individual information about the purpose of collection, the types of organisations (if any) to which personal information may be disclosed and any law that requires the particular information to be collected.
2. Securing information
AVELING will take all reasonable steps to protect held personal information against misuse and loss from unauthorised access, modification and disclosure, by:
Securing all files in appropriate locations
Restricting access to information to appropriate person(s)
Destroying information after the required retention period
Ensuring computer security at all times by the use of firewalls and up-to-date virus software
Password security for computer systems
Not releasing information to third parties, without prior written permission
3. Rights to access and change personal information
AVELING may provide access to, or correction of, personal information on request. Where a request has been received AVELING will fulfil the request or advise of the outcome of a request as soon as practicable.
4. Requesting access to view or to change personal information
AVELING will accept requests via the below means:
Website: www.aveling.com.au
Address: Managing Director, 6 Orion Road, Jandakot WA 6164
Phone: 9379 9999
Fax: 9379 9888
Email: training@aveling.com.au
5. Access to Records.
AVELING is obligated under the Standards to provide candidates access to their own AQF certification on request. Where an employer requests copies of Nationally Recognised Certificates explicit permission from the candidate is required.
Breach of Policy
Activities undertaken by an AVELING Employee or Contractor which represent a failure to meet the obligations in this policy may be deemed as misconduct or serious misconduct, resulting in:
Disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment or contract; or
Civil or criminal penalties as provided by law.
Related Legislation and Documentation
Further information may be obtained on privacy issues in Australia by visiting the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner’s web site [http://www.privacy.gov.au/].
Definitions
Relevant Legislation: This refers to both the Privacy Act 1988 and the Privacy Amendment (Enhancing Privacy Protection) Act 2012, which amends the Privacy Act 1988.
Disclaimer
AVELING is not liable for any loss, damage, costs, liability or other form of contribution for any confidential or personally identifiable information accessed by a third party, where it is not due to negligence of AVELING, its agents, suppliers, contractors, related corporate bodies, affiliates or associated parties, to the extent permitted by law.
As such AVELING cannot guarantee the security of any data disclosed on-line. Individuals accept the inherent security implications of dealing on-line over the Internet and will not hold AVELING or its agents or suppliers responsible for any breach of security.
Please note: AVELING uses cookies to analyse information about how visitors are using our site and what services they’re interested in. The collected information is anonymous and logs data like the number of visitors to the site, where the visitors came from to get to the site and the pages they visited on the site. Your name and other personal information is never made available to AVELING through the use of cookies.
Revision date: November 2020