http://www.aerco.co.uk/page/privacy
Site Availability Details
By continuing to use this site, you agree to the use of cookies.
View our cookies policy
Accept Cookies
ATTENTION: Aerco is operating as normal during the current Coronavirus situation, all quotes and orders will be fulfilled unless stated otherwise. For more information please read our statement on the situation.
My Cart (0 items £0.00)Log InRegister
About Us |
Contact Us |
Create Website Account |
Apply for Credit Account
Call Aerco: +44(0)1403 260206
Email Aerco
All Products
Cable, Wire & Accessories
Alpha Connect
Wire
Cable
Accessories
Belden Cables
Circuit Protection
Fuses
Circuit Breakers
Accessories
Connector Accessories
Daniels Manufacturing Corporation
Backshells
Connectors - Circular
Connectors, Circular, AB
Smiths Interconnect, Hypertac
LPA Connectors
Provertha
More...
Connectors - Coaxial
Telegartner Connectors
Winchester Kings Coaxial Connectors
Connectors - Rectangular
D Type Connectors
PCB Connectors
Rectangular Profile Connectors
Hypertac
More...
Data Acquisition
Event Counters, L3
Data Acquisition, Elapsed Time Indicators
Fans
AC Fans
DC Fans
Fibre Optics
By Manufacturer
Cable Assemblies and Patch Cords
Harsh Environment Connectors
Maintenance & Accessories
Glenair Opto-Electronic Interconnects
Lighting
Lighting, LED
PCB Interconnect
Oxley PCB Interconnect Products
Relays
Hi-G Relays
Barnbrook Relays (Formerly Deutsch Relays)
RFI/EMI
RFI Filters
Sensors
Current Sensors, Honeywell
Humidity Sensors
Smiths Interconnect
Rectangular Connectors
PCB Connectors
High Power Connectors
Circular Connectors
More...
Switches
Toggle Switches
Limit Switches
Micro Switches
Pushbutton Switches
Rocker Switches
Inventory
Partners
Partners
Become a Partner
Services
Services
Rail Applications
Cable Services
Design Support
News
About Aerco
About Us
Company Policies
Aerco Staff
Sales Terms & Conditions
Purchasing Terms and Conditions
SQR01 Supplier Quality Requirements
Privacy Policy
WEEE Statement
Customer Questionnaire Responses
Brexit Statement
Request for Quotation
Novel Coronavirus
Privacy Policy
Thank you for taking the time to read our Privacy Policy. At
Aerco Ltd
, we take your privacy seriously and will only use the personal information that you supply us when using our website.
When you request a customer account, quotation or submit a form for information on our products or services we collect several details including your name, company, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number. We may record which products or services you are interested in and which products you enquire about. This enables us to understand your requirements to help us improve the products and service that we offer you.
To offer you the best service and choice of components we may use this information to inform you of any new products or special offers that we think may be of interest to you or about changes to our website. If, however you are unhappy with us sending you this information please email us at
enquiries@aerco.co.uk
. Please be sure that we will not sell, trade or rent the personal information that you give us to other companies nor will we share any of the information to third parties.
In setting up a customer account on our website for you and in accordance with General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we may ask for proof of your identity before disclosing certain information to you.
Your computer may store cookies to make browsing of our website easier for you. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your browser. If you do not want cookies to be stored within your computer you can change the setting on your browser to prevent this and details of this should be within the help function of your browser.
From time to time we may publish revisions to our Privacy Policy which will be posted on our website.
Please be aware by submitting your personal information to us, you are consenting to our collection and use of the information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
If you are unsure of any of the details outline in this Privacy Statement, please contact our customer service team by emailing
enquiries@aerco.co.uk
.
Personal Data We Collect
If you have signed up for a website account or used a contact form on the website, you would have provided us with the following Data:
Your personal details that include:
Postal, billing and invoice addresses for you or the company you are representing
Name and/or name of the company you are representing
Contact email addresses
Contact phone Numbers
Login Details, such as username/email address and password that you have chosen
If you have made a purchase or enquired about a product we may collect the following:
The product you have purchased or the product you have enquired about
How you paid for your purchase
When you made the purchase
Information about the device used to place the order, such as:
Type of operating system
IP address
Browser type
Device identifiers (Tablet, Mobile or Desktop)
How and Why Use This Data:
To manage the accounts, that you hold with us
Process orders, refunds and other transaction you make
The data that we ask for is exactly what we need to be able to make our goods and services available to you.
Sharing Data with Other Organisations
We may share personal data with third party organisations for any of the following reasons:
If the law or a public authority says that we must share the personal data
if we need to share the personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (this also covers providing the data to other for the purposes of preventing fraud and reducing credit risks)
How We Protect Your Data
We protect your data in the following ways:
Computer system safeguards such as, data encryption and firewalls
Physical access controls to our buildings and paper copy files
Electronic security measures when accessing the data from a computer system
Only giving access to employees who need the data to carry out the responsibilities of their job
Using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or Transport Layer Security (TLS) when the information is being transmitted
Only revealing the last 4 digits of the card number for a purchase when confirming an order
Cookies and Other Technologies
When using our site, you agree to using cookies. The cookies that we use will only track what you do on our site and nowhere else. We use cookies for the following:
Remembering your login details (if you ticked the confirmation box for this when logging in)
To save anything you added to your cart so that it is still there when you come back
To improve the look and layout of our site for different devices (for example browsing on a phone instead of a desktop)
To track any errors, that you may encounter so that we can address these problems
You can delete, reject or clear your cookie data within your browsers settings.
Your Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to see any personal data that we hold about you, this is called a Subject Access Request.
If you wish to receive a copy of the data that we hold about you please write to:
Aerco Ltd, IT Manager Unit 17, Lawson Hunt Industrial Park
Broadbridge Heath
Horsham
RH12 3JR
West Sussex
England, United Kingdom
You can also email us at info@aerco.co.uk
About Aerco    Contact Us    Location    Approvals    Privacy    Cookies    Credit Application    Terms and Conditions
Company Reg. No. 572109
VAT Registration No. GB 602 4417 81
Powered by K8 Web Builder