http://www.masonrytechnology.com/mti-privacy-policy
1.800.879.3348
Contact MTI
Applications
Thin Stone
Brick
Full Stone
Stucco
Siding
Single Wythe
EIFS
Basements
Retrofits & Restoration
Browse Wall Assemblies
Drawings, BIM, Specs, Videos
Products
Rainscreens
Corrugated Lath Strip
Gravity Cavity - 1/8" Drainage Mat
Sure Cavity - 3/16" Drainage Mat
10mm Sure Cavity - Drainage Mat
Corrugated Lath Starter Strip
Stucco Corrugated Lath Strip
Perforated Control Cavity (Interior Drainage Mat)
Weeps
Wall Opening Weeps
Cavity Weep
Stone Cavity Weep
L & R Weep Screed
Vented MTI Edge Metal
Tuck Point Retrofit Weeps
Head Joint Weeps
Core Cavity Weep
Concealed Steel Lintel SAWS
Metal Accessories
Moisture Diverter
MTI Edge Metal
Weep Screed Deflector
Retrofit Brick Ties
Basement Systems
Floor Edging
Control Cavity
Vent Mat
Sump Basket
H-Cove
Plastic Accessories
Vent Strip
Trash Mortar Diverter
Window Drainage Plane
Mortar Belt
MTI Product Catalog
50 Mb PDF
Technical Resources
Education
AIA Continuing Education
Articles
Rainscreen 101
Wet Basement 101
YouTube
Technical
Detail Drawings
Installation Guides
FAQ
Product Testing
SDS
Earn AIA CEUs
CAD, Video, Specs, & Details
About MTI
About MTI
Testimonials & Projects
Partner with the Experts
Sustainability
20 Year Warranty
Made in the USA - Competitive Worldwide!
Home » Mti Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
- To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
- To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
- To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
- To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
- To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 8-5-2014.Our Commitment To Data SecurityTo prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When your personal information is processed through our web site we utilize SSL 128 bit encryption to ensure that your personal information is kept private. Look for the Padlock in your status bar or url as an assurance that your information is safe.Your Password SecurityAt MTI we recognize that allowing you to create your own password to access our web site makes using our web site easier for you. We also fully understand the importance of keeping your password secure. When you create a password with MTI it is encrypted using the latest cryptography algorithms developed by the National Security Agency. When you sign on we simply check the encrypted value of the password you entered against the encrypted value stored on our database. Using this approach ensures that your password remains private. If you forget your password we have no way of decoding it. Please contact us at 800-879-3348 for assistance in resetting it.How You Can Access Or Correct Your InformationYou can opt out of our database by simply sending an email to info@mtidry.com and asking to be removed.You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.MTIdry.com Masonry Technology Inc. 24235 Electric St. PO Box 214 Cresco, Iowa 52136 United States info@mtidry.com 1-800-879-3348
Masonry Technology, Inc.
24235 Electric Street
Cresco, Iowa 52136 US
563.547.1122 | 1.800.879.3348
Sign up for NewsletterWarrantyFlood-Resilient Rainscreen Retrofit
SitemapPrivacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 - Masonry Technology, Inc. | Cresco, IA | All Rights Reserved.
Powered by Iroc Web Design Services.
Top