http://www.badgeranodising.co.uk/privacy-policy
Home
Services
Anodising & Colour Anodising
Anodising Pre-Treatments
Assembly and Packing
Bead Blasting
Linishing
Metal Polishing & Finishing
Blog
About Us
Contact
HomeServices
Anodising & Colour AnodisingAnodising Pre-Treatments Assembly and PackingBead BlastingLinishingMetal Polishing & Finishing
BlogAbout UsContact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Protection
This policy establishes how we handle information we learn about you when you visit our website. Protecting the privacy and personal data of our visitors is of utmost importance to us. Protecting your privacy and your personal data is an important aspect of the way we create, organise and implement our activities on-line and off-line.
Linkages Characteristics
The specific practices outlined in this privacy statement apply to the Badger Anodising(Bham)Limited, hereafter referred to as Badger Anodising, (including all associated trading names) website. Other bodies/entities linked to the Badger Anodising website may have different practices, though the commitment to your privacy will always be the same. You are encouraged to review the privacy statements of other bodies/entities when visiting their website(s).
Purpose Specifications and Data Collection
In general, you can browse the Badger Anodising website without disclosing any information about yourself. If you visit the Badger Anodisingwebsite to read or download information, we collect and store only the following information that is automatically recognised: the date and time, the originating IP address, the domain name, the type of browser and operating system used (if provided by the browser), the URL of the referring page (if provided by the browser), the object requested and the completion status of the request.
Cookies and Other Technologies
As described above, we sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our site to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit and we also measure visitor activity on the Badger Anodisingwebsite, but we do so in ways that keep information anonymous. We use the information that we collect to measure the number of visitors to the different areas of our site, and to help us make the site more useful to visitors. This includes analysing these logs periodically to measure the traffic through our servers, the number of pages visited and the level of demand for pages and topics of interest. The logs may be preserved indefinitely and used at any time and in any way to prevent security breaches and to ensure the integrity of the data on our servers.
We collect the anonymous information we mentioned above through the use of various technologies, one of which is called "cookies". A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive. For example, on a website with a login system (if users register for it), cookies are used to save the visitor's password so that it does not have to be entered at each new visit.
This anonymous information is used and analysed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. None of this information is reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want any transaction details used in this manner, you can disable your cookies.
Visitor's Choice
Registering on any Badger Anodisingwebsite is optional. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use the Badger Anodisingwebsite. However, you may be restricted to what you can do. Badger Anodisingviews the customer information that it collects as a valuable and confidential asset of which we take great care to ensure its safety.
You may choose to register and receive promotional or marketing information from Badger Anodising, by selecting the appropriate option when you register personal data.
We use the information for three general purposes: to fulfil your requests for certain areas of the website, to contact you if needed, and to help us maintain the website software and hardware.
If you choose to register, your information will no longer be anonymous and will be available to Badger Anodisingstaff and to delegations for the purpose of marketing. If you do not wish to continue receiving promotional or marketing information, please notify us by email at the applicable email address below: -
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Individual Participation / Access
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you, and you can also request to receive a copy of that personal data. Before sending you any personal data, we will ask you to provide proof of your identity. If you are not able to provide proof of identity, we reserve the right to refuse to send you the personal data.
We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to the previous questions or to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. At any time, you may request that we delete or correct your personal information in our logs. For such requests please contact at the applicable email address below: -
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Security
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of our personal information. Badger Anodising has implemented technologies and security policies to protect the stored personal data of our users from unauthorised access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss Badger Anodising employees and processors who have access to personal data are obliged to respect the privacy of our visitors and the confidentiality of their personal data.
Badger Anodising will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
We will only send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We respond to court orders, or any legitimate request by authorities with which we must comply for legal process; or
We find that your actions on our website violate these instructions.
Links
Throughout the Badger Anodising website, you will find links to third party websites. Please note that Badger Anodising is not responsible for the privacy policies or content on third party websites.
Personal data
Badger Anodising is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide personally identifying information, it will only be used in accordance with our privacy policy.
Purpose and scope
This privacy policy outlines how Badger Anodising uses and protects any information that you provide. This policy applies to all job candidates and visitors of this website.
Badger Anodising may change this policy from time to time by updating this page, therefore it is important to monitor this page regularly. This policy is effective from 19/04/2018
Principles
This policy is designed to give clear guidelines on how the company collects, stores and processes your personal information as it relates to your contact and/or recruitment with Badger Anodising
What we collect
Badger Anodising may collect information from you such as;
Name and job title
Contact information
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. If you send us personal information which identifies you via email, we may keep your email and email address.
Details of previous employer, CVs or other information about yourself to enable us to determine your suitability for a position.
Information that demonstrates you have a right to live and work in the UK
Personal information
Any personal data retrieved and stored by the company will be;
Processed lawfully, fairly and transparently
Collected only for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes
Adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary
Accurate and kept up to date where necessary
Kept for no longer than is necessary where data subjects (the individual) are identifiable
Processed securely and protected against accidental loss, destruction or damage
What we do with the information we gather
Badger Anodising requires this information for purposes such as;
Recruitment and selection
Internal digital records for traceability or retention purposes
Customer/Supplier enquiries
To improve our products and services
Any business related/personal information that is required to run our business will be stored on relevant digital systems that are owned and controlled by the company.
Duration
The company will not keep any personal data for any longer than is deemed necessary to fulfil our legal obligations, and only for the purpose for which it was collected.
If your information has been used to apply for a vacancy and you are not successful, all personal information will be destroyed after 6 months unless otherwise requested in writing or email by you.
HomeAbout UsServicesBlogContactEnvironmental PolicyPrivacy Policy
Anodising & Colour AnodisingAnodising Pre-Treatments Assembly and PackingBead BlastingLinishingPolishing
42-50 Bissell StreetBirminghamWest MidlandsB5 7HP
Phone 0121 622 1850
Fax 0121 622 4265
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Facebook
Twitter
Google +
Linkedin
Copyright © 2020 Badger Anodising (Birmingham) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Creative Momentum