https://www.iwantmymoney.com/privacy-policy.html
Powered by NexusBeyond, Nexus Online Media
Menu
Status Report for Clients
Privacy Policy
Client Credit Check Login
Background Screening Services
Employment Screening
Business Screening
Tenant Screening
Debt Collection Services
Fixed Fee Debt Collection
Contingent Debt Collection
Medical Debt Collection
Real Estate Debt Collection
Free e-Books
Medical e-Book
Realty e-Book
About Us
Author Bio
Contact Us
Main Categories
Background Screening Services
Best in class screening
Debt Collection Services
Best in class debt collection
Put our expertise to use
Get Started Today
We can help protect your business, let's start the process today.
Join our Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Executive Credit Management, Inc.'s Privacy Policy
Executive Credit Management, Inc.is committed to protecting the privacy of our website visitors and clients. This page summarizes the privacy policy and practices of Executive Credit's website, www.iwantmymoney.com.
Executive Credit Management, Inc. will never, under any circumstances, sell, distribute, or rent your name, company name, mailing address, postal code, email address or any other personal or business information you provide to us through our website(s) to any third party, except as may be required by law. We will only use the information you share with us for the purpose of delivering services to you, legally advising you, or providing you with information about our firm and debt collection and applicant screening services.
We do not automatically gather any personal information from you, such as your name, phone number, e-mail, or address. This information is only obtained if you supply it voluntarily, usually through contacting us via e-mail, phone, or registering using a form on our site. Any personal information you do provide is protected under the Federal Privacy Act.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We receive and securely store information that you provide to us through our website or other mode (i.e., email or telephone). When you request information from Executive Credit Management, you provide us with certain contact and case information regarding your business, and we will contact you accordingly.
Tracking Technology
www.iwantmymoney.com uses Google Site Stats conversion tracking technology. The information collected in this process will never be sold or rented for any purpose. The data collected is solely for the purpose of having qualified agents at Executive Credit Management, Inc. review your specific needs and see if there is a fit for our services. The tracking technology is used to help us design a better user experience for our viewers and track advertising revenue  expenditures.
How to Unsubscribe
We may periodically use the email address you have provided to send you emails containing information that we think you may find interesting. If you no longer wish to receive periodic e-mails from us, please follow the opt-out instructions located at the bottom of the e-mail. Executive Credit Management, Inc. complies fully with the CAN-SPAM Act.
How to Utilize our Websites
The information contained on www.iwantmymoney.com/news or https://www.iwantmymoney.com/free-resources, is information to be read for purposes of general interest in the subject of debt collection and applicant screening. Information contained within these sites does not constitute legal advice nor attorney representation by Executive Credit Management.
Security
Our site employs industry standard security measures designed to protect against loss, misuse, or alteration of information you provide us via our website. Executive Credit Management, Inc. is not responsible for unauthorized access to information by hackers or others who have obtained such access through illegal means. We use software that receives and records the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer that has contacted our Web site. We make no attempt to link these addresses with the identity of individuals visiting our site. We do not utilize cookies. (A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your web browser on your computer's hard drive that allows sites to recognize who you are when you arrive at their site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other information you have provided and allow it to retain your preferences for future visits to the website.)
Linked Sites
Executive Credit Management, Inc. may include links to external sites on its website to provide you with helpful resources. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of such external websites or the products, services, or content offered at such sites. If you link to a third-party site from our website, any information you reveal on that site is not subject to this privacy statement. Therefore, you should consult privacy policies of each site you visit.
Changes and Questions
Executive Credit Management, Inc. reserves the right to revise this policy at any time by posting a new privacy policy at this location. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this website signifies your consent to this privacy statement.
Feel free to contact us with any questions:
Executive Credit Management 4 Waterloo Road Stanhope, NJ 07874
Tel: (800) 355-4020 E-mail: staff@iwantmymoney.com
Information Regarding Privacy for Debtors
If you are using this site with the purpose of collecting a debt, any information you provide will be used for that purpose. The information contained in any follow up transmissions will be CONFIDENTIAL and may be protected by one or more legal privileges.
Ways we can help
Download free e-Books
Realty e-Book
Unlock the wealth in your bad realty debt
Medical e-Book
Unlock the wealth in your bad medical debt