https://www.dairy.com.au/privacy-policy
Contact
Visit Farm & Industry Information
Menu
Dairy Matters
The Dairy Matrix
You Ask, We Answer
Buy Local, Support Australian
Environment
World Milk Day
Recent activity
Dairy products
Milk
Cheese
Butter
Cream
Custard
Ice cream
Yoghurt
Recipes
Dairy & your health
Dairy and COVID-19
Nutrients
Intolerance and allergies
Healthy bones
Benefits of dairy
Health resources
Recommended dairy intake
Our commitments
Animal welfare
Health and wellbeing
Farmers and communities
Environment
Industry & people
Our history
Our regions
Our people
Our manufacturers
Our programs
Australian Grand Dairy Awards
Healthy Bones Action Week
Healthcare professionals
Lactose intolerance and digestive discomfort
Bone health
Heart disease and blood pressure
Sport and exercise
Weight management
Dental health
Asthma
Allergies
Type 2 diabetes
The dairy food group
Contact
Visit Farm & Industry Information
Privacy Policy
DAIRY AUSTRALIA LIMITED ACN 105 227 987
PRIVACY STATEMENT
8 MARCH 2018
1. Your rights in relation to privacy
DAIRY AUSTRALIA LIMITED ACN 105 227 987 Level 3, HWT Tower, 40 City Road, Southbank, Victoria 3006 (‘Dairy Australia’, ‘we’, ‘us’ and ‘our’) understands the importance of protecting the privacy of an individual’s personal information. This policy sets out how Dairy Australia aims to protect the privacy of your personal information, your rights in relation to your personal information managed by Dairy Australia and the way Dairy Australia collects, holds, uses, discloses and handles your personal information.
For the purposes of this policy, when we say ‘you’ or ‘our’ we mean any individuals about whom we process personal information from time to time including our customers, any persons creating an account on our platforms, users of our website, individual dairy farmers and all other persons who may provide personal information to us from time to time.
In handling your personal information, Dairy Australia will comply with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) and with the 13 Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act. This policy may be updated from time to time. You may obtain a copy of our current policy from our website or by contacting us at the details at section 10 ‘How to contact us’.
You are under no obligation to provide your personal information to Dairy Australia. However, without certain information from you, Dairy Australia may not be able to provide its services to you. You consent to Dairy Australia collecting, holding, using, disclosing and otherwise handling your personal information in accordance with this policy.
We may review, change or update our privacy policy from time to time. Revised versions will be available on our website and any changes will take effect as soon as we publish this, but where we have already collected information about you we may take additional steps to inform you of any material changes to our privacy policy.
2 What kinds of personal information does Dairy Australia collect?
Personal information is information or an opinion about an identified, or reasonably identifiable, individual. Information or an opinion may be personal information regardless of whether it is true. During the provision of our services and products, Dairy Australia may collect your personal information.
Generally, the kinds of personal information Dairy Australia collects are your name, address, telephone number and email address. In some circumstances Dairy Australia may also hold other personal information provided by you. This may include device information, location information, log on information (whether you access our website, any of our social media platforms or other online forums or links) and other similar information using our application data caches, cookies (as noted below) and/or other browser web storage devices.
If at any time you provide the personal information of another person to us, then you must ensure that that person has read and understood this policy and separately consents to that personal information being collected, held, used, disclosed and otherwise handled by us as described in this policy.
3 How does Dairy Australia collect personal information?
3.1 Interactions with you
Generally, Dairy Australia collects your personal information directly from you, through completion of a form, telephone enquiries or online applications and communications.
There may be other occasions when Dairy Australia collects your personal information from other sources such as from an information services provider or a publicly maintained record.
Generally, Dairy Australia will only collect your personal information from sources other than you if it is unreasonable or impracticable to collect the personal information from you.
3.2 Cookies
Dairy Australia uses data collection devices such as ‘cookies’ to monitor usage of its online resources. Cookies are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive when you access Dairy Australia’s online resources. Cookies provide Dairy Australia with information about your computer’s IP address, the date and time of your visit, and the resources or information you have accessed. This information assists Dairy Australia in monitoring and improving how its online resources are being used. In particular, Dairy Australia can use information obtained through cookies to tailor information to you and make your visits easier, more productive and more efficient.
While cookies do not generally collect personally identifiable information, in some circumstances they may enable Dairy Australia to identify you. As with any information Dairy Australia collects about you, any personal information obtained through the use of cookies will only be used for the purposes set out in this policy. You will always have the option of disabling cookies through your browser preferences. Please do note, however,that if you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of our online platforms, forums and/or links may not function as effectively, or at all, or may be considerably slower.
3.3 Social Media
Dairy Australia often uses social media platforms and other interactive online forums through which to communicate and provide its services. Information you disclose to Dairy Australia through such forums may be read, collected and used by Dairy Australia. However, it may also be read, collected and used by other users, the actions of whom Dairy Australia cannot control and for whom Dairy Australia takes no responsibility. You may also access third party websites, forums or links through our website or online resources, which will be subject to their own privacy policies and usage terms. Please refer to the privacy policies and usage terms of any third party websites or entities for information on their privacy standards and procedures. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites to which any of our online platforms or forums may link or which link to our online platforms or forums.
4 Why does Dairy Australia need your personal information?
Dairy Australia collects, holds, uses, discloses and handles your personal information where it is reasonably necessary for the purposes of carrying out its business and operations as the
services body for dairy farmers and the dairy industry. This includes:
administering the dairy service levy, payable in accordance with applicable legislation and collected by dairy processors;
undertaking surveys in relation to the dairy industry, your experience with Dairy Australia and/or products, services and issues related to the dairy industry;
providing educational and awareness information about the dairy industry and dairy products;
distributing, or facilitating the distribution of, industry-relevant publications;
accounting, billing and other internal administrative purposes;
browser and other online information in order to optimise your use of our online platforms or forums and to maintain a record of your activity on our online platforms or forums (including as permitted under paragraph 3.2 (Cookies) above);
identifying and informing you of resources (including health resources), products, services and/or issues that may be of interest or relevance to you;
improving promotional and online services; and
any other legal requirements.
Where personal information is used and disclosed, Dairy Australia first takes steps reasonable in the circumstances to ensure the personal information is relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used or disclosed.
5 Who does Dairy Australia disclose your personal information to?
Dairy Australia discloses your personal information for the purpose for which it is collected.
That is, generally, Dairy Australia will only disclose your personal information for a purpose set out at paragraph 4. This may include disclosing your personal information to third parties engaged to perform administrative, promotional, research, information technology or other services. We may also disclose your personal information to affiliated entities for the purposes set out in this policy.
This disclosure is always on a confidential basis and subject to agreements prohibiting misuse of the personal information in line with the protections set out in this policy.
Dairy Australia may also disclose your personal information with your consent, or when your consent may reasonably be inferred from the circumstances, or if disclosure is required or authorised by law.
6 Overseas disclosure
Dairy Australia may disclose personal information to overseas recipients for administrative or other business management purposes. Recipients of such disclosures are located in New Zealand, Ireland and the United States of America.
Before disclosing any personal information to an overseas recipient, Dairy Australia takes steps reasonable in the circumstances to ensure the overseas recipient complies with the Australian Privacy Principles or is bound by a substantially similar privacy scheme unless you consent to the overseas disclosure or it is otherwise required or permitted by law.
7 Direct marketing
Dairy Australia may use and disclose your personal information in order to inform you of products and services that may be of interest to you. This may include providing you with information related to the dairy industry or other industries. In the event you do not wish to receive such communications, you can opt-out by contacting Dairy Australia via the contact details set out in paragraph 10 or through any opt-out mechanism contained in a communication.
8 Security of your personal information
Dairy Australia takes all steps reasonable in the circumstances to ensure that the personal information it holds is protected from misuse, interference and loss and from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. Dairy Australia holds personal information in both hard copy and electronic forms in secure databases on secure premises, accessible only by authorised staff.
However, as the transmission of information across the internet is not completely secure we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website, through social media interactions or other online forums. Any such transmission is at your own risk.
Dairy Australia will destroy or de-identify personal information in circumstances where it is no longer required for the purposes for which it was collected or for any secondary purpose permitted under the Australian Privacy Principles and the Privacy Act, unless Dairy Australia is otherwise required or authorised by law to retain the information.
9 Can you access and correct the personal information that Dairy Australia holds about you?
Dairy Australia takes steps reasonable in the circumstances to ensure personal information it holds is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading. Under the Privacy Act, you have a right to access and/or seek correction of your personal information that is collected and held by Dairy Australia.
If at any time you would like to access or correct the personal information that Dairy Australia holds about you, or you would like more information on Dairy Australia’s approach to privacy, please contact Dairy Australia via the contact details set out in paragraph 10 below. Dairy Australia will grant access to the extent required or authorised by the Privacy Act or other law and take steps reasonable in the circumstances to correct personal information where necessary and appropriate.
To obtain access to your personal information:
you will have to provide proof of identity. This is necessary to ensure that personal information is provided only to the correct individuals and that the privacy of others is protected;
Dairy Australia requests that you be reasonably specific about the information you require; and
Dairy Australia may charge you a reasonable administration fee, which reflects the cost to Dairy Australia, for providing access in accordance with your request.
If Dairy Australia refuses your request to access or correct your personal information, Dairy Australia will provide you with written reasons for the refusal and details of complaint mechanisms. Dairy Australia will also take steps reasonable in the circumstance to endeavour to provide you with access in a manner that meets your needs and the needs of Dairy Australia.
Dairy Australia will endeavour to respond to your request to access or correct your personal information within 30 days from your request.
10 How to contact us
For further information or enquiries regarding your personal information held by Dairy Australia, or if you would like to opt-out of receiving from Dairy Australia any promotional communications,
please contact Dairy Australia’s Privacy Compliance Officer at enquiries@dairyaustralia.com.au or calling +61 39694 3777.
11 Privacy complaints
Please direct all privacy complaints to Dairy Australia’s Privacy Compliance Officer. At all times, privacy complaints:
will be treated seriously;
will be dealt with promptly;
will be dealt with in a confidential manner; and
will not affect your existing obligations or affect the commercial arrangements between you and Dairy Australia.
Dairy Australia’s Privacy Compliance Officer will commence an investigation into your complaint. You will be informed of the outcome of your complaint following completion of the investigation.
In the event that you are dissatisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you may refer the complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Print
Copy link