https://www.allandetrobert.com/legal-notice/
Legal noticeLegal noticeThe Alland & Robert website is to give the users information about its products and recommendations without any guaranty or representation as to result. All recommendations and/or applications mentioned are intended only as a source of information. Downloading material displayed on this website is for information and personal uses only. The entire trademark, logos, content, notices, photos are the property of Alland & Robert Company. You may not reproduce, copy, republish or distribute the contents of this website for public or commercial use or communication without the Alland & Robert’s written authorization. All links, contained in this website, are only to give the maximum information about the environment for the products; Alland & Robert is not responsible for their content. E-mail addresses can be used only for requested information.Alland & Robert Company is not responsible in any situation for product’s applications or recommendations which are intended only as a source of information in this website. Website editor : Big District, Paris France.SEO agency WordPress: OSCAR Référencement Paris, France Pictograms by thenounproject.com Copyright © 2017 Alland & Robert
diam id et, Sed consequat. amet, Curabitur sem, non quis, NullamWe are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Accept Reject Settings
Close GDPR Cookie Banner
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 3rd Party CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Enable or Disable Cookies
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences! Enable All Save SettingsLog in Create an accountWould you like to set up a dedicated account ? Please note your information will only be stored to  give you access to our communications. Read our privacy policy for more information Create an account