https://www.bfgoodrichtires.com/terms-of-use.html
Home
Help & Support
Terms and Conditions
Terms of Use
Thank you for visiting the www.bfgoodrichtires.com website (the "Site").
Please read
carefully these Terms of Use before using this Site. By using this Site, you agree to these Terms of
Use. If you
do not accept these Terms of Use, please do not use the Site. We may revise these Terms of Use at any
time and
without notice to you.
Intended Audience and Use
Use Of Site Content
Links To Third-Party Websites
Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations of Remedies
Consumer Reviews
Our Commitment to Privacy
Governing Law
Effectiveness
SMS Messaging Terms & Conditions
Intended Audience and Use
Michelin North America, Inc. ("Michelin") provides this Site for the lawful use of its customers,
employees, and
members of the general public who are over the age of 13 and are citizens of the United States. Michelin
makes
no representation that the materials and products contained or displayed on this Site are appropriate or
available for use in other locations. Those who access the Site from other locations do so at their own
risk and
are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
Back to top
Use Of Site Content
This Site contains Michelin’s trademarks and copyrighted materials, including tradenames, logos,
photographs,
documents and software. You are only authorized to use this material for personal, non-commercial
purposes,
including downloading and printing of materials, so long as this copyright permission notice is included
in all
such printed copies. No rights or licenses to the material or any portion thereof are granted,
explicitly or
impliedly, and you may not modify the material in any way without the prior written permission of
Michelin. We
enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. If you intend to use any of
the
materials on this Site for other than private, non-commercial purposes, you must first obtain written
permission
from Michelin. Please consult our Copyright and
Trademark statement
for more information.
Back to top
Links To Third-Party Websites
This Site may provide links to third-party websites or resources. These links are provided solely as a
convenience for you. Michelin has no control over these third-party websites and resources and makes no
endorsement or representation about these websites, or the accuracy of the information and materials,
advertising, products, services, or the results that you may obtain by using them. If you decide to
access such
third-party websites, you acknowledge that you do so entirely at your own risk.
Back to top
Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations of Remedies
We endeavor to provide accurate and up-to-date information on this Site. However, the entire Site is
provided to
you on an "AS IS" basis, and any use of this Site is entirely at your own risk. We make no
representations or
warranties, express or implied, with respect to this Site or its operation. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. In no event, including but not limited to its own negligence, shall Michelin be
liable for
any damages, including consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this Site.
The
information provided on this Site is of a general nature. Tire usage recommendations may be affected by
factors
such as geographic locale, vehicle age and condition, and personal driving habits. Please consult your
authorized tire dealer or representative before making any purchasing decisions.
Back to top
Consumer Reviews
Some of our web pages may provide access to a message board under the title "User Tire Ratings &
Reviews"
that permits consumers to share their views and experiences concerning our products. Michelin does not
sponsor,
support, or endorse comments that are posted on this message board. Submitters are solely responsible
for
comments that they submit, and must abide by these Terms of Use, and the Terms of Use and any other
policies of
Bazaarvoice, the third party that collects those comments.
If you submit a comment you must abide by the following guidelines:
Your comment must not contain any statement that you know to be false, inaccurate, or misleading.
Your comments must not violate any law.
Your comments must not be defamatory, libelous, obscene, hateful, threatening, harassing, sexist, or
racially, ethnically or religiously biased or offensive.
You must not be compensated or granted any consideration by Michelin, any affiliate of Michelin, or
any
third party, for submitting a comment.
Your comment must not infringe the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual
property rights (legal or moral) of any third party.
Although Michelin does not have an obligation to police, monitor, or evaluate submitted comments, it
reserves the
right to remove any comment from its website that violates these guidelines.
By posting a comment, you grant Michelin an irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, non-exclusive,
fully-paid
worldwide license to use, reproduce, or publish, in whole or in part, your comment in any manner and for
any
purpose that Michelin deems appropriate, including re-posting and sharing your comments with third
parties.
Back to top
Our Commitment to Privacy
Michelin is committed to protecting the privacy of your personally identifiable information. Please
consult our
Privacy Policy for more information.
Back to top
Governing Law
The use of this Site and these Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws and of
the State of South Carolina without giving effect to any principles of conflict of laws.
Back to top
Effectiveness
These Terms of Use are effective when posted.
Back to top
SMS Messaging Terms & Conditions
Text JOIN to 84737 to join MICHELIN® Tires Alerts. 4msgs/mo. Reply HELP for
help, STOP to cancel.
Msg & Data Rates May Apply.
Compatible carriers include: AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, U.S.
Cellular,
Cellular One, MetroPCS, ACS/Alaska, Bluegrass Cellular, Cellular One of East Central Illinois,
Centennial
Wireless, Cox Communications, EKN/Appalachian Wireless, GCI, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone
Wireless,
Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Rural Cellular Corporation, Thumb Cellular, United Wireless, West
Central
(WCC), Cellcom, Cellsouth, Cricket, Cincinnati Bell and Virgin Mobile. T-Mobile® is not
liable for
delayed or undelivered messages.
To discontinue receiving SMS messages from MICHELIN® Tires, text STOP to
84737.
For additional help, text HELP to 84737 or contact reply-en@crdhna.com or
call (866) 866-6605.
Back to top