http://www.hlw.com/privacy-policy
Skip links Skip to primary navigation Skip to content
Privacy Policy
At HLW International we recognize that privacy is important. This Policy applies to all of the services and websites offered by HLW International.
Collected Information
HLW International offers services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:
Information You Provide
When you submit inclusion requests or subscribe to the HLW International Newsletter, we ask you for personal information such as your name and email address.
Cookies
When you visit www.hlw.com, we send one or more cookies – a small file containing a string of characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Logs
When you use HLW International services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Methods of processing
HLW International processes personal information on its servers in the United States of America.
Information Sharing
HLW International does not share your personal information with other companies or individuals outside of HLW International.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Google Analytics might use Google’s Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the DoubleClick Cookie to extend analytics with demographics, interests and ads interaction data.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy – Opt Out
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
We use cookies for analytics and enhance user experience on our site. By accepting this message you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For more information, please review our privacy policy.
Accept