http://www.polatis.com/privacy-policy.asp
Do you have any questions?
+1 844 POLATIS•
Mail us - info.polatis@hubersuhner.com
Portal Login
Portal Login
Privacy Policy - Polatis.com
Polatis, Inc. (Polatis) considers the privacy and security of user information an important component of the service offered at its website, Polatis.com (Site). The following information explains how Polatis collects and uses information obtained from users in connection with services available at the Site (taken together, the Service).
Information Collected
At your election ("opt-in"), you may request additional information about Polatis or subscribe to various information services concerning Polatis' products, services and business. When you do so, our registration process requires you to provide your name, company name, address, telephone number, email address and certain additional information about your preferences, such as, for example, your preferred contact method and product markets of interest to you (collectively, Subscription Data). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. Generally, this information is collected through "traffic data" and
When you visit the Site, web servers collect information "traffic data" (such as, for example, time and date, the address of the website from which you entered the Site) about your visit, which is stored as anonymous, aggregate data. Collecting such data may entail the use of IP addresses or other numeric codes used to identify a computer. However, at this time, Polatis does not use cookies.
Use of Information
Polatis uses Subscription Data to respond to your inquiries for additional information, and in providing additional information according to your preferences. Sometimes Subscription Data is used to send you information about Company and its products and services. At your election at any time ("opt-out"), you may choose to stop receiving future communications from Polatis (see below).
Polatis uses "traffic data" to help diagnose problems with its server, analyze trends and administer the Site. Your IP address is not linked to personally identifiable information, but is used to gather broad demographic data and to monitor statistics to improve the Service.
Sharing of Information
Currently, Polatis will not share personally identifiable information with any third party for commercial purposes. Polatis may, however, disclose personally identifiable data if (1) it is required to do so by law or (2) it has a good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to applicable laws or comply with any legal process, to protect or defend the rights or property of Polatis or another user or to enforce the Terms of Service.
Polatis may transfer personally identifiable information to any successor to all or substantially all of its business or assets that concern the Service.
Security
Information collected by Polatis is stored in secure operating environments that are not made generally available to the public. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, Polatis cannot ensure the security of any information you provide, and you do so at your own risk. Once Polatis receives your transmission, it will make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on its systems.
Third Party Sites
The Service may permit you to link to other websites on the Internet, and other websites may contain links to the Site. These other websites are not under Polatis' control. The privacy and security practices of websites linked to or from the Site are not covered by this Privacy Statement, and Polatis is not responsible for the privacy or security practices or the content of such websites.
IP Addresses and Cookies
Polatis use your IP address to help diagnose problems with its server, and to administer the Site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. IP addresses are also used to provide an audit trail in the case of attempted illegal use of the Site.
At this time, Polatis does not use cookies. "Cookies" are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer.
Opt-Out
You may elect to avoid future communications from Polatis by visiting the subscription (opt-in) portion of the Site, or by sending an email to info.polatis@hubersuhner.com.
Changes
Polatis reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Statement at any time by posting a notice at the Site. Information collected by the Service is subject to the Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.
Contact
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or your dealings at this Site, please contact Polatis at:
Polatis, Inc.
213 Burlington Road
Suite 123
Bedford, MA 01730
U.S.A.
Email: info.polatis@hubersuhner.com
US Headquarters
+1 844 POLATIS
(844 765 2847)
UK Headquarters
+44 (0) 1223 424200
LEGAL NOTICE             |
PRIVACY POLICY
|
COPYRIGHT
|             SITEMAP