http://www.gcmachines.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy >
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our product, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or social security number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
We may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes without your consent.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required toï¿½keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.GCMACHINES.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
GCMACHINES.COM
INFO@GCMACHINES.COM
Get in touch now!
Categories
biomass energy fuel
oil mill plant
flour mill
feed mill
peanut processing line
small pellet mill
small oil press
Project
biomass fuel projects
oil mill plant projects
flour mill projects
feed mill projects
oil extraction plant at zambia
an integrated sawmill and pellet mill project
bulgaria biomass pellet project
India wheat flour mill project
pellet mill plant projects
peanut shell pelletizing plant in India
sawdust pellet complete plant project
sawdust pellet production line project
500kg/h wood pellet plant in Hungary
10T/D Wheat Flour Milling Plant Exported to Chile
Related Topics
borage seed oil extraction
Our Business Trip in Nigeria
How to Produce Sunflower Seed Oil
How to Improve the Aroma of Peanut Oil
Copyright ©
AGICO GROUP
Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Order
Top