https://www.trafalgaraccounting.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. A cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets website operators know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. By using our website, you are agreeing to our Privacy and Cookies Policies and consent to the use of cookies by us as described in these policies.
What cookies do we use?
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below.
We use the following terminology:
Session cookies – only last for the duration of your browsing session on the website. Your web browser would normally delete these when you close the browser.
Persistent cookies – these last longer than the browser session e.g. if you log into a website and then return to the website some days later, the website knows who you are and displays a welcome message to you. Persistent cookies enable this to happen.
First party cookies – these are set by us
Third party cookies – you may notice some cookies that aren’t related to us. If you go on to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don’t control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Cookie Name
Description and Purpose
Session / Persistent
First / Third Party
_utma
Used by Google Analytics. Are used to check approximately how long you stay on a site: when a visit starts, and approximately ends
Persistent
Third Party
_utmb
Persistent
Third Party
_utmc
Persistent
Third Party
_utmz
Persistent
Third Party
SESS XXXXXXXX
Server cookie to determine visitor session and to keep you logged in as you navigate the site.
Session
First Party
Managing your cookies
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. You can delete cookies stored in your browser by using a function in your browser. Whilst this does not mean you won’t collect cookies in the future, it gives you freedom to delete your cookies after you have been online. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Please note that Danbro is not responsible for the content of external websites.
You can view our privacy policy here and our website terms and conditions here.
Not sure what you're looking for or have a question?
Let's Talk...
How would you prefer to be contacted?
TelephoneEmail
By submitting your enquiry you confirm that you have read and understood our Privacy Notice
Please leave this field empty.
London
1 Gallery Court, 1-7 Pilgrimage Street, London, SE1 4LL
Trafalgar Accounting
1 Gallery Court, 1-7 Pilgrimage Street, London, SE1 4LL
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you