http://www.litehousefoods.com/privacy-statement
Skip to main content
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement.(last updated: 5/18/2020)
Intro
Litehouse, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of the Litehouse website, which is hosted by Litehouse, Inc. By accessing this website, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this privacy statement. If you do not accept each of the terms and conditions set forth herein, without limitation, please immediately exit the site. However, please be assured that any information by which you can be identified will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. This policy applies only to the Litehouse website and it does not apply to banners, sweepstakes, linked third-party websites and other third-party advertisements or promotions in which we may participate or sponsor.
Use of Personal Information
The personal information Litehouse collects on this website will be used in accordance with this policy and for the purpose for which it was collected. When you provide us with information, you are authorizing Litehouse to use that information pursuant to this policy. For instance, we use information collected to track the activity on our site and improve our marketing and promotional activities. We also use the information to analyze website usage, keep internal records, send promotional emails, surveys, special offers, or other interesting information, improve our website and refine the content and design. We may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. However, be assured that Litehouse will not sell or rent your information to anyone.
Additionally, Litehouse may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Litehouse or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Litehouse and our family of websites; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Litehouse employee owners or agents.
Control of your Personal Information
If you desire to access your own Personal Information, to correct existing Personal Information we have, or to remove your Personal Information, please contact us at your convenience. If you request removal of Personal Information, you acknowledge that Personal Information may continue to reside in Litehouse’s records and archives, but Litehouse will not use that information for a commercial purpose. Litehouse reserves the right to maintain your Personal Information if Litehouse has suspended, limited, or terminated your access to the Site. You can review, correct or edit the personal information collected at this Site by writing to:
Litehouse, Inc.
Attn.: “Litehouse Privacy Policy”
IT Department
100 Litehouse Dr.
Sandpoint, ID 83864
Email: privacy@litehouseinc.com
Information Sharing
As do most business, we engage other companies to help us with a variety of functions so that we are consistently able to provide the best products and service to our customers. For example, we may retain a third-party company to analyze, update and correct data that we collect from our website. We might also share personal information we have collected with a third-party company to allow for delivery of prizes or products. These third-party companies only have access to your personal information if absolutely necessary to perform their job for Litehouse and they are not authorized to use your information for any other purpose. At times, we share non-personally identifiable information in the aggregate about our website users to advertisers, partners or other third parties so they can assist us in creating a better product, service or experience for our customers.
Any communication or information you transit to Litehouse on this site, by e-mail or postal mail, including data, comments, suggestions, recipes or any other information, is non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Security of your Personal Information
In an effort to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction of your personal information, Litehouse uses a variety of technologies and procedures, such as storing the collected personal information on computer servers that are located in secure facilities.
Website Content Ownership
All content or other materials on our website including, but not limited to, text, audio, images and other materials or elements are owned and copyrighted by Litehouse, all rights reserved, without limitation. You may not publish, reproduce, distribute, copy, modify, display, reuse, sell, or otherwise use any content of this website without prior written permission.
Futhermore, all trademarks logos, tradenames and all related product names, design marks and slogans appearing on this website are either the trademarks or service marks (registered or unregistered) of Litehouse, or its licensors, unless otherwise stated. We expressly reserve all intellectual property rights in all content on this website. If used without permission, we reserve the right to seek to enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Cookies
Litehouse’s website uses “cookies” to collect web content specific to individual users’ interests. Cookies are small files of information that are stored by your browser when you visit a website. Should you exercise your option to decline the cookies (if your browser permits), your ability to use certain features of the website may be limited.
Link to Third-Party Websites
Our website contains links to third-party websites that are not subject to our Privacy Policy. If you wish to visit these websites you are subject to the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing them with any personal information.
Governing Law
Even though you may be viewing the website in Canada, or Mexico, or any other country, Litehouse collects information and processes and stores that information in databases located in the United States. Litehouse may provide links to third-party websites that are not controlled by Litehouse. As to these third-party websites, we make no representations or warranties regarding their data storage and processing policies or practices. The laws of the State of Idaho, without reference to any choice of law provisions, shall govern any and all claims relating to the materials on our websites.
Any and all claims arising under this Policy or use of the website must be brought within one (1) year after such claim or action arose or be forever barred.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement is subject to change at any time without notice. When changes are made, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of this policy. For material changes to this privacy statement, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the home page of our website or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this page often too ensure that you remain in agreement with this privacy statement. Your continued use of the website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Statement and any changes.
Disclaimers
The content of the Litehouse website is provided “as is.” All warranties, of any kind, including but not limited to warranties of site security, error-free content, or fitness for a particular purpose, are expressly disclaimed.