http://www.pkbwgroup.ca/privacy-policy
Home
Our Firm
Back
History
Partners
Back
Aaron Pauls
Kevin Ploegman
Brian Walker
Alex Yaworski
Bradley Keefe
Darryl Clarke
Managers
Staff
Services
Back
Accounting
Advisory
Assurance
Tax
Accounting Software Support
Management Consulting
US Tax
Resources
The FG Forum
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Fort Group collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.fortgroupcpa.ca website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Fort Group.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Fort Group may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Fort Group has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Fort Group Chartered Professional Accountantswww.fortgroupcpa.ca
Phone: (204) 942-0861
This document was last updated on December 13, 2016
Support you deserve. Expertise you can trust.
THE FG FORUM
Congratulations, Judy and Stephanie!
DECEMBER 8, 2020
Congratulations to Senior Managers Judy Lam and Stephanie Paradoski for completing the CPA In-Depth Tax Program!
Read More
Leasing Opportunities at 865 Henderson Highway
DECEMBER 3, 2020
Looking for a great space to relocate to? Starting a business and need a great location?
Fort Group Chartered Professional Accountants is looking for small businesses that have outgrown their home office, are ready to move out of the house, or are simply looking for new space.
Read More
1