http://www.spauldingcom.com/privacy-policy/
SEARCH
Firearm & Knife Grips
Electrical Distribution
Cryogenics
Industrial Equipment
Heavy Equipment
Overview
Privacy Policy
Get a Quote
Spaulding Composites, Inc respects your right to privacy.
This privacy policy sets out how Spaulding Composites, Inc uses and protects any information that you give Spaulding Composites, Inc when you use this website. Spaulding Composites, Inc is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Spaulding Composites, Inc may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 15, 2017.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
– name and job title
– contact information including email address
– demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
– other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
– Internal record keeping.
– We may use the information to improve our products and services.
– We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting
using the email address which you have provided.
– From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or
mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Contact Us
Unique problems require solutions. Let our team of experts offer advice on the best way to tackle your downhole challenges.
Translate »