https://www.billingpros.com/privacy.htm
Site
Home Page
Users Page
About Us
More About Us
Information
Introduction
Small Business App
Free Small Business App
Demo Free Small Business App
Small Business Sign Up
Site News
Services Selection
All Our Services
Paper Products and Prices
Online Billing and Email Billing Services
Paper and Mail Processing Services
Small Business Sign Up
Contact Us
Contact Information
Make a Payment
Help
Members Login
PRIVACY STATEMENT
BILLING PROS.COM
has created this
privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The
following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web
site:
billingpros.com
Advertisements
We use outside ad companies to display ads on our
site, we are not responsible for their claims or content.  Because these ads may
contain cookies it is the sole responsibility of the user following any of these
links.  Once inside the secure portion of our site we do not use cookies as cookies
are not a secure method of maintaining our clients sessions.
Email Security
Billing Pros customers and their customers
information is Safe and Secure and are never sold or given out to any outside
party. Billing Pros never sends
promotional advertisements or emails to it's clients or their customers.
Online Forms
Our site uses special forms for our clients to
insert their customers information into. We collect this information only to insert into
our final billing product. In no way will Billing Pros.Com or any of our staff ever
contact in any way shape or form our clients customers. Our clients customers information
is strictly confidential and only used for the purpose of replying to our clients billing
needs.
External Links
This site contains only external links in the non
secure portion of our web site for our clients convenience.   Once inside our secure
system there are no external links as Billing Pros.Com will never compromise our clients
privacy and security with any out side ad campaigns.
Confidentiality / Non Competition
Billing Pros.Com customers are confidential and will
never be used as referrals to obtain new customers.  We do not ask our customers to
provide testimonies or referrals of our services.  Billing Pros.Com customers enjoy a
competitive advantage and will continue to do so with out the worry of  any promotion
compromising our customers business edge.
In no way or manner will Billing Pros.Com or any of
our staff compete with our clients businesses.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect
the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.  Under no
circumstances will any business information nor any business owners clients information be
given out to any out side person or persons.  All businesses using our service and
all information pertaining to said businesses will be kept strictly confidential.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for
changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can view our home page and simply follow the links for
any changes you need.
You can visit the following URL: https://www.billingpros.com
You can send mail to the following postal address: 19550
Santa Rosa Mine Rd.;  Perris, CA  92570
You can call the office telephone number: (951) 940-8384
Contacting the Web Site Owner
If you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can
contact: Sam G. Moriarity Owner: Billing Pros.com
(951) 940-8384
Our Home Page
Quick
Information
Quick Introduction
Online
Billing & Mailing
Paper
Billing & Mail Processing
More
About Us   Paper
Products / Prices
System Status
All Our
Services   Contact Us   Users Start Page
Members Login   Your Privacy   Legal Contract   Search
The Web
Fundraising Nonprofit Standard Class Mailings
Billing Pros.Com Privacy Statement
Copyright Protected Content ©
https://www.billingpros.com billing services All rights reserved.