http://www.sugarintheraw.com/terms-privacy
SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
The Terms of Service set forth below (the “Terms”), including the Privacy Policy set forth herein, are the terms and conditions that are applicable to your access and use of each of the websites owned, operated or controlled by Cumberland Packing Corp. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (unless otherwise indicated, collectively referred to as “Cumberland”, “we” or “us”). Additional terms and conditions may apply to particular areas of the websites (“Website(s)”).
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY PRIOR TO ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE
The Terms of Service set forth below (the “Terms”), including the Privacy Policy set forth herein, are the terms and conditions that are applicable to your access and use of each of the websites owned, operated or controlled by Cumberland Packing Corp. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates (unless otherwise indicated, collectively referred to as “Cumberland”, “we” or “us”). Additional terms and conditions may apply to particular areas of the websites (“Website(s)”).
1. Restrictions on Use of Materials and Access to Website.
Unless otherwise noted on the Website, all content, data, information and materials available on the Website, including without limitation, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video and audio clips, text and any other content, data, information or materials (collectively, the “Materials”), are owned by or proprietary to Cumberland or its licensors and are protected by applicable intellectual property laws. Except as expressly authorized by Cumberland, you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, compile or create derivative works of the Materials. You may, however, download one copy of the Materials on any single computer for your own internal use only, provided that you retain all copyright and other proprietary legends on the Materials. Cumberland reserves all rights to the Materials, and any other use of the Materials for any purpose not expressly granted in the Terms or any other applicable written agreement between Cumberland and you is expressly prohibited.
2. Trademark Information.
The following is a list of certain trademarks, service marks and/or trade names owned by or proprietary to us, and we reserve all rights therein throughout the world.  Those marks followed by a ® symbol are registered trademarks or service marks of Cumberland in the United States, and certain of the trademarks or service marks listed may be registered in other countries or jurisdictions.
SWEET’N LOW®
BUTTER BUDS®
SUGAR IN THE RAW®
NU-SALT®
The following is a list of certain trademarks, service marks and/or trade names owned by or proprietary to Stadt Holdings Corporation and used by us under license:
NATRATASTE®
SWEET ONE®
3. Privacy Policy.
We respect your privacy and provide this Privacy Policy to explain how we treat information you provide to us.
Consent.
By using our Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your information in the manner disclosed below. Because of the rapidly evolving legal and business environment surrounding privacy on the Internet, please be aware that Cumberland must reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, in which event we would post an appropriate notice of such change by updating the “Last Updated” legend.
Please bear in mind that this Privacy Policy only addresses our use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose information or data to other parties or other websites on the Internet, including websites that you may reach through our Websites, different rules or policies may apply.
What Type of Information Do We Collect?
In order to measure the usefulness and efficiency of our Website, and in an attempt to provide a more pleasant and personalized on-line experience, we automatically track certain information from all visitors to our Website. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis.
We may use “cookies” on certain pages of our Website. “Cookies” are small data files that are stored on your hard drive and contain certain information accessible to our Website, such as any information content preferences you may voluntarily set at our Website and your username and password, if you voluntarily register with us as a user of our Website (should we at any time make such registration available). You are always free to turn off cookies if your browser permits, although you may not be able to use certain features on our Website and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session if passwords are required to access any part of our Website.
Cumberland may also collect information through interactive questionnaires and registration requests. For example, in response to such questionnaires and registration requests, you may be asked to provide (i) your name, (ii) address, (iii) gender, (iv) number of people in your household or company and their age ranges, and (v) your preference as to receiving additional information regarding certain products, services or health related topics. Furthermore, we may request certain credit card information if you attempt to purchase any products that may be available from our online stores. Although you are not required to share such information, if you elect not to share certain information, you may not be able to purchase certain products and/or utilize certain services or functionality. If you voluntarily send us any correspondence, such as emails or letters, we may also retain such correspondence and information in a file specific to you.
If you have voluntarily provided us with such information, we may use your email address, mailing address and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings and communications relevant to your use of our Website or products and services offered by Cumberland and its affiliates. You have the option of not participating in these programs by not providing us with your contact information or by opting out after receipt of such information.
Who Does Cumberland Share My Information With?
We will not sell, trade, rent or share your personally identifiable information with any third party, other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy and/or unless you consent to such disclosure (e.g., your request to receive certain goods or services from a third party or otherwise utilize certain features of the Website, or via direct agreement to such disclosure). Notwithstanding the above, in order to offer you a high level of quality products and services, we may use personally identifiable information or other information you have provided in order to transmit communications to you, and we may share certain personally identifiable information about you with our subsidiaries, affiliates, agents and partners. Cumberland takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that its subsidiaries, affiliates, agents and partners respect the privacy of your personally identifiable information and use it only for its intended purposes. You may opt-out of any disclosure of your personally identifiable information by sending a blank e-mail message to opt-out@cpack.com.
We may use some third party suppliers and providers to directly or indirectly provide products and services to our customers, and we may need to share your personally identifiable information with them in order to permit them to provide the products and services. For example, we use a reputable third party credit card processing agency for online purchases made with credit cards. If you choose to use these optional services or products, we will, by necessity, provide some of your personally identifiable information to the third party provider offering such services or products for purposes consistent with such offering. Additionally, in some instances, the third party supplier or provider may collect information directly from you. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services or products. In addition, a co-brand provider may directly ask you for certain information to assist it in providing you with products or services.
Cumberland expressly reserves the right to retain, disclose or report any of your information in limited circumstances where we reasonably deem it necessary to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, to cooperate with government or industry regulators and law enforcement officials, to perform any necessary credit checks or collect or report debts owed to us, or to protect our rights or property. It is our policy to comply with any such requirements (including a good-faith belief that such requirement exists), and you agree we shall have no liability for any such disclosure or retention.
We also may collect and report to third parties aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about you and other users of our Website for advertising, marketing and promotional purposes.