http://www.trendtechnologies.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for TREND TECHNOLOGIES.
Information Collection, Use and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to your inquiry. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization except as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to fulfill your order.
By simply visiting our website you do not disclose, nor do we collect personal information about you. From time to time we may collect website traffic details, and we use this data at an aggregate level in order to help us to improve our website.
Where you do give us personal information (such as your name, email address, work address, phone number, fax number and/or other contact information), you consent to us storing your personal information for:
Processing other requests from you for information you are seeking about our particular products and services
Sending you other communications about our company, its products and services and other relevant information, such as through opt-in email newsletters that you have agreed to receive, and which also give clear unsubscribe options in each issue
Security:
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit any sensitive information or data via the website, this information and data is protected both online and offline.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only those who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, fulfilling orders or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately. You have the right of access to, and the right to correct any inaccuracies in personal information we may hold about you. You also have the right to request that your data be deleted.
We use Google Analytics to collect anonymized tracking data including the pages you have visited, the amount of time spent on each page, the website you have come from before visiting this website, your location (country and/or region) and other non-personal information. We do not collect any Personally Identifiable Information. If you would like to opt out of having your anonymous usage data tracked you may do so by clicking this button.
Opt-out of Google Analytics Tracking
Trend, your local source...globally.
With ten facilities in nine countries, Trend customers have access to local, regional, and global manufacturing solutions.
Locations
Creating innovative and fully integrated products requires the right manufacturing partner. Trend works with your team — turning ideas into progressive products by partnering with you at every phase of the process.
Product Development
Engineering & Tooling Development
Manufacturing Capabilities
Value Added Services
Quality Planning