https://www.generalcarbide.com/privacy-policy/
QUOTEJOBS
Privacy Policy
Statement of Use, Privacy, and Agreement
Use of Website:
General Carbide makes reasonable efforts to include up-to-date, accurate information on this website. We do not warrantee or guarantee the accuracy of the information provided for any part, component, or market application. We assume no liability for errors, or omissions in the content of this website.
Your use of, and browsing, within our website is solely at your own risk. We provide this information to you “as is.” We do not warranty the use of this website under any circumstances.
Your use of the information in this website is for your non-commercial, personal use. You must receive written permission to reuse, modify, repost, or transmit the content, or materials, presented in this website.
Your communication to us through the use of this website by electronic mail, including questions, data, blueprints, nondisclosure agreements, and similar information regarding your specific part/component information is treated as confidential and proprietary.
Privacy:
Due to the sensitive nature of the components and parts we manufacture and the markets we serve, General Carbide is committed to the privacy of our customers, business prospects, and visitors to our website. It is our intent to utilize any personal information you provide to fulfill your contact requests, improve this website or gather aggregate statistical reports for internal use by the company as to the efficiency and efficacy of this website.
Personal information may be identified as, but not limited to your name, email address, address, telephone/fax number, employer, title, type of business, and level of responsibility.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Your information may be shared with General Carbide corporate personnel, distributors, or General Carbide Sales Representatives (direct and commissioned) for activities related to the General Carbide products or services for which you have expressed an interest.
Agreement:
You agree by the use of this site that our conditions of use and our privacy statement have been reviewed and accepted by you. Should you not agree with the conditions stated then you should not use the General Carbide website.