http://www.media-trainer.com/privacy-policy
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
It is Media Trainer’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. Accordingly, we have developed this privacy policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and otherwise make use of personal information. We have outlined our privacy policy below.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use personal information solely for fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other ancillary purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by using reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary for the fulfilment of those purposes.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Media Trainer may change this privacy policy from time to time at Media Trainer’s sole discretion.
Recent Posts
Building a Solar-Ready House
Hacks to Organize Your Closet
Benefits of a Professionally Designed Website
Cockroach Infestation: What to Do?
The things you Need to Think Through Before Selecting a Student Accommodation
Search for:
Recent Comments
Media TrainerBuilding a Solar-Ready House March 20, 2020It’s indeed very exciting to build a new house. However, it can also be challenging. You have to hire the right builder, look for the best block of land, search the ideal location, choose the right furnishings and fittings, and much more. There are a lot of things you have to think about. However, have […] secure_adminHacks to Organize Your Closet December 4, 2019If you try to Google “closet organizing” or somewhat similar to that, you will be bombarded with overwhelming ideas. Each home center provides helpful ideas about organizing your closet. The issue is that they cannot help you keep it organized after installing it, which will be your responsibility. Luckily, you can always contact a local handyman Winston to assist you […] secure_adminBenefits of a Professionally Designed Website July 4, 2019There are a lot of ways for small businesses to get a great website. You can use a free tool from hosting providers, ask a friend to do it for you, sign up for blogging services such as WordPress or Blogger, use a website builder, or hire a professional web design company to do it for you.  […] secure_adminCockroach Infestation: What to Do?  June 7, 2018Pest control companies actually warn home owners that the most leading trigger of asthma and allergy attacks are cockroaches and very homeowner should make sure that their homes are free from cockroach infestation. The saliva, decomposing bodies, and droppings of the cockroach actually contain allergen elements that are known to increase the severity of the symptoms […] secure_adminThe things you Need to Think Through Before Selecting a Student Accommodation  November 14, 2017When the time comes, we need to move out from our house and our comfort zone and venture out into the outside world. Most of the time, this occurs when we have to study and go to college that is located in a different place. As we know it, this point of time is very stressful and […] secure_adminSave Yourself from Stress and Hassle by Hiring a Professional Appliance Repair Contractor July 17, 2017No matter what make and model of your home appliances are, they will all malfunction and break down at some point in time. While it can be really tempting to just get rid of your busted appliance and buy a new one, it’s often not the best option for you since appliances can still be […] secure_adminCommon Plumbing Problems  June 25, 2017Plumbing is a very integral and important part of your house. Plumbing is important for your house because pipes and tanks responsibly for water supply and even heating is used by plumbing. When one of your pipes are in trouble you call a plumber to come to your house to fix the problem. It is […] secure_adminA Quick Guide on How to Properly Maintain Your Roof’s Gutter June 20, 2017Good drainage is certainly very crucial to the structural well-being of any home. Downspouts and gutters, which have been connected to the roofing system and are the main parts of an outdoor drainage system of any home, should be kept clear in order to prevent storm water from backing up or overflowing. In addition to […] secure_admin Archives
March 2020
December 2019
July 2019
June 2018
November 2017
July 2017
June 2017
Categories
Appliance Repair
Cockroach Infestation
Common Plumbing Problems
Roof’s Gutter
Solar Panel
Uncategorized
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress