http://www.holmengineering.co.uk/privacy-policy.html
This website may use cookies. For more information on how they are used and how to disable them see our Privacy Policy. Not accepting cookies may affect your experience of this site. Accept! Decline Privacy PolicyWe are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information you provide us with. This statement outlines how we ensure this and how we comply with legislation on data protection.This Privacy Policy will explain any areas of our website which may affect your privacy and personal details, how they are processed, collected, managed, and stored, and how your rights under the new GDPR (General Data Protection Regulations) are protected.1: INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe may collect personal information from you in order to fulfil your service requests. This includes email addresses, personal name, postal address, and contact numbers. Any personal information used is for the operation and fulfilment of a service requested by you.Under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulations 2018, you have the right to review any personal information provided to us at any time. This includes reviewing for correctness, requesting correction of errors, that information cannot be used to contact you, that information be deleted from our records, and to opt-out of communication.We do not store credit card details, nor do we sell, rent or share customer details with any third party for commercial reasons.2: KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECUREOur servers are protected using HTTPS and SSL technology. Any data provided by you to us will be as secure as it can be. We are fully aware of our responsibilities regarding data under the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018.If we ask an external organisation to provide a service for us we will always ensure that they have appropriate security measures in place.3: COOKIESThis website may use cookies to better the overall experience of our users. In accordance with legislation and where necessary, this website ensures the user has the ability to accept and disable the use of cookies.3.1: WHAT ARE COOKIESCookies are pieces of information which are sent from a website to your hard drive while you a viewing a site. These may be used by companies to provide a more personalised experience, for statistical purposes, or for advertisements. The use of cookies is standard practice across the internet and is undertaken by several websites.Cookies could be either
persistent
or
session
cookies. A persistent cookie will be stored by a browser and remain valid until its set expiration date and can be deleted by the user prior to expiry. A session cookie expires at the end of the user session on a website once the browser has been closed.As there are links to external sites, users are advised to be aware of the possible use of cookies. Where applicable and in accordance with legislation, these sites should use a cookie control system which allows the user to give explicit permission or deny the use of cookies.3.2: WHAT WE USE COOKIES FORWe may use cookies for a number of reasons including:1. To provide a more interactive and personal user experience2. For statistical purposes3. To show adverts that you may be interested in and control the number of times you see themIt is important to note that disabling cookies may have a negative impact on how a site runs.3.3: COOKIES USED BY SERVICE PROVIDERSThird-party companies that are providing a service for us or our website may use cookies and these may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.Google Analytics is used to analyse the use of our website. Information is gathered about website use via cookies and any information gathered is used to create reports about the use of our website. For more on Google s privacy policy, seehere.3.4: COOKIE DISABLINGIf you would like to disable the use of cookies when you visit a website you can do this from your internet browser. The links below provide instruction on how to do this. Once you click on an external link, this Privacy Policy no longer applies.Internet ExplorerMozilla FirefoxGoogle ChromeApple Safari4: SOCIAL MEDIA PROFILESWe may use official profiles on social media channels. We advise our users to verify the legitimacy of any profile pertaining to be our company before interacting with them. Our social media profiles will never ask for user passwords or personal details.If we provide a social media service for you then you are advised to read the Privacy Policy of that services. The social media businesses that we interact with include Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Pinterest.5: EXTERNAL WEB LINKSThis website contains links to external websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on these sites. Our users are encouraged to be aware that when they leave this website they should read the privacy policy and spam policies of each website that collects personal data. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected by us.6: SPAM POLICYWe are strongly against spam. We only contact our customers when they have requested to receive communication or there is a need to update you on information about services you have requested from us.7: OTHER PRIVACY NOTICESWe retain personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the services requested unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law.If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.We may revise our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes that occur will be posted on the Privacy Policy page of our website.This latest revision comes as a result of our ongoing efforts to be transparent and to comply fully with new data protection regulations.All changes will be effective immediately.By continuing as a client with us you are bound to the revised Privacy Policy.This Privacy Policy was last revised in May 2018.
| COVID-19
| 3D Modelling
| Our Work
| Inspection
| Contact | Sitemap