https://www.traviscu.org/privacy-policy/
×Close
< Hide Menu
Home
Sign On
Apply for Loan
Open Account
Personal
Business
Investments
Financial Wellness
About Us
Contact Us
ATMs & Branches
Open Account
Apply for Loan
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Travis Credit Union is committed to protecting your privacy at all times. We do not sell your information to third parties.
Facts
What does Travis Credit Union (TCU) do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and credit scores
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members' personal information; the reasons TCU chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does TCU Share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes – to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes
No
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your transactions and experiences
No
We do not share
For our affiliates' everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
No
We do not share
For non-affiliates to market to you
No
We do not share
Questions?
Call (707) 449-4000 or (800) 877-8328 or go to www.traviscu.org
What we do
How does TCU protect my personal interest?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does TCU collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or deposit money
Pay your bills or apply for a loan
Use your debit or credit card
We also collect your personal information from other sources, such as credit bureaus.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related to common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. TCU has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. TCU does not share your personal information with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Our joint marketing partners include providers of financial products and services.
Download Disclosure
TCU-10020 Rev. 02/2020
Home
Disclosures
Privacy Policy
NCUA
Equal Housing Opportunity
Juntos Avanzamos
Ask
Member Feedback
Speedbump Modal Called Incorrectly!
I UnderstandCancel