http://www.britishcoffeeassociation.org/cookie-policy
About Us
Coffee in the UK
Membership
Blog
Events
London Arbitration Service
Login
Become a Member
Become a Member
{{subnav_item.title}}
{{thirdnav_item.title}}
Cookie Policy
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes a unique identifier that is sent to your computer, tablet or mobile phone (device) from a website’s computer and is stored on your device as a tiny text file.
Every website can send cookies to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, and (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access and use the cookies that your online preferences have allowed to be stored on your device, via your browser settings.
Cookies fall into two main categories, first party cookies and third party cookies:
First party cookies are related directly to the website domain being viewed.
Third party cookies originate from content contained in the website being viewed, but which originate from a different website domain.
Many websites use both types of cookie when a user visits in order to track online ‘traffic’.
Cookies can record information about your online preferences, allow a website to be tailored to your interests and to track what a user views or buys. Users have the opportunity to set their device browsers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time.
The last of these settings means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of a website’s features. During the course of any visit to britishcoffeeassociation.org, the pages you see, along with any cookies, are downloaded to your device. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the device (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking the cookie left there on the last visit.
You can disable cookies at any time by managing cookies in your browser’s settings
We’re giving you this information to comply with current legislation, and to make sure we’re transparent about your privacy when using our website. If you’d like to learn more about cookies in general, visit www.aboutcookies.org.
How does the British Coffee Association use cookies?
We use both first party and third party cookies on our website. First party cookies can allow us to analyse the profile of our visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience. Third party cookies are used to make our sharing buttons work. For example, to tweet via twitter.com.
Please note that our cookies can’t harm your computer, and we don’t store personally identifiable information in them, such as email address. At the bottom of this page is a link to a list of the cookies we use, and what we use them for. This list may be amended from time to time.
Session cookies
Also known as browser cookies or tracking cookies, cookies are small, often encrypted text files, located in browser directories. They are used by us to help our users navigate this website efficiently and perform certain functions. Due to their core role of enhancing or enabling usability or site processes, disabling cookies may prevent users from using certain parts of this website.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics tracking (and most web tracking software) uses cookies in order to provide meaningful reports about our site visitors. However, Google Analytics cookies do not collect personal data about website visitors.
How to manage cookies
If cookies aren’t enabled on your computer, it will mean that your experience on our website will be limited to browsing. Each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
If you’re not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on ‘Help’ at the top of your browser window and select the ‘About’ option.
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the ‘About’ option.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact:
Tracy Browntracy.brown@britishcoffeeassociation.org
List of cookie's used by the BCA
Our Network