https://www.marketus.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Videos
FAQs
Contact
Forms
Shop
Cart
My account
Menu
Videos
FAQs
Contact
Forms
Shop
Cart
My account
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on linkedin
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
MarketUS has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: MarketUS.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. We also use cookies to save your password so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Cookies are used to remember the users preferences when logged in to the secure portion of our site.
Advertisers
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Registration Forms
Our site’s registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), and unique identifiers (like their social security number).
Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity, and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and unique identifiers (like their social security number).
Contact information from the order forms is used for other purposes. We collect this information in order to do Address Verification (AVS) with the credit card network.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user’s identity, and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Surveys
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address), and unique identifiers (like social security number).
Contact information from the surveys is used for other purposes. Gathering information to assist MarketUS, Inc. in preparing documentation to submit to the General Services Administration.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Unique identifiers (such as social security numbers) are collected from Web site visitors for other purposes. Gathering information to assist MarketUS, Inc. in preparing documentation to submit to the General Services Administration.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. MarketUS.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Special Relationships
No information is shared with any partner.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
All information gathered on this site is done so using a secure connection (SSL) and a user id and password are required for access.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us.
1. You can send email to mprice@marketus.com
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
1. You can visit the following URL: www.marketus.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: mprice@marketus.com
954-636-3232
mprice @ marketus.com
1714 Claw Court, Venice, FL 34293
legal
About Us
Mission Statement
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
careers
Sales
Interns
get started
Do I Qualify For a Contract?
I Need More Sales
I Need More Capital
References
Why GSA/VA Contracts
Give Us a Call
© All rights reserved
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on linkedin
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Scroll to Top