http://www.drhorton.com/your-privacy-choices
×
Our Sites include this Website, our mobile sites, applications, and mobile interactive features (our “Mobile Applications”), and our social media pages such as those on Facebook®, Twitter® and Instagram® as well as our blog thewelcomemat.net, (our “Social Media Pages”).
×
Our Social Media Pages include our pages on social media platforms such as Facebook®, Twitter® and Instagram® as well as our blog thewelcomemat.net.
×
Our Mobile Applications are our mobile sites, applications and mobile interactive features.
×
Personal Information is non-public information that identifies, relates to, describes or is capable of being associated with, you such as your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, user name, physical address, phone number, driver's license or state identification card number, email address, debit card information or other financial information, profile pictures or social media account ID.
×
Our Third Party Service Providers include marketing companies, digital advertising agencies, third-party ad servers, third-party email servers, data aggregators, analytics providers, and third party advertising networks.
×
Anonymous Information is information that does not include Personal Information, or from which Personal Information has been deleted. Anonymous Information does not identify, and cannot be used to reasonably determine, the identity of, an individual customer. Anonymous Information may include demographic and other general information that you may provide to us, Automated Information collected through cookies, pixels and other technologies such as browser and other device information; location information; and information collected from your mobile devices as a result of
recognition of your Mobile Advertising Identifier (a unique numerical identifier) that is associated with your mobile device.
×
Aggregate Information is information that does not identify, and cannot be used to reasonably determine, the identity of, an individual customer. Aggregate Information is about groups or categories of customers rather than individual visitors.
×
Automated Information is Anonymous Information that does not include Personal Information or from which Personal Information has been deleted. Automated Information includes browser and other device information, location information, information collected through cookies, pixels and other technologies and information collected from your mobile devices that we or our Third Party Service Providers have collected in an automated manner when you visit our Sites.
×
You have chosen to prohibit D.R. Horton from sharing your Personal Information with third parties, including our mortgage company affiliate, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., our title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title, our insurance affiliate, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc., and Forestar Group, Inc. for their marketing purposes. Please include your email address(es) below (separated by a comma if you are entering more than one) and click “submit:”
Email Address(es):
×
You have chosen to stop your receipt of questionnaires and surveys from D.R. Horton marketing our products and services. Please include your email address(es) below (separated by a comma if you are entering more than one) and click “submit.”
Email Address(es):
SUBMIT
Your Privacy Choices
LAST UPDATED ON DECEMBER 20, 2019
D.R. Horton, Inc. (which, together with its integrated affiliates, other than its mortgage company, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd.; title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title; its insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc.; Forestar Group, Inc. and other non-builder affiliated entities; are collectively referred to herein as “D.R. Horton,” “we,” “us” or “our”) provides you with control and choices over how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information as set forth below. Please be aware that changes to Your Privacy Choices may not be immediate. We will implement your changes as quickly as possible, but in all cases, in accordance with the timeframes required by applicable law. When this page refers to residents of particular locations, it means individuals who are currently resident in those locations as indicated by information on their place of residence they have provided to us (such as through submission of an online form), where reasonably available, or otherwise by their IP Address.
Capitalized terms in this Your Privacy Choices are defined in the Definitions section of this Your Privacy Choices.
YOUR CHOICES WITH REGARD TO OUR USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR MARKETING PURPOSES.
Sharing of Your Personal Information with Third Parties for Their Marketing. In certain cases, D.R. Horton may share your Personal Information with other entities, including our mortgage company affiliate, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., our title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title, our insurance affiliate, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc., Forestar Group, Inc., and our other non-builder affiliated entities, for the marketing purpose of the entities with which we share your Personal Information. If you reside in the European Economic Area, we will only share your Personal Information with other entities for their marketing purposes with your consent. You may control D.R. Horton’s sharing of your Personal Information with other entities for their marketing by clicking here, or, if you have already opted-out but now would like to receive information from other entities, including D.R. Horton affiliates, opt back in, by clicking here.
Receipt of Commercial Emails from D.R. Horton Advertising Our Products and Services. If, at any time, you wish to stop D.R. Horton from sending to you commercial emails marketing our products and services, you may opt-out of the receipt of such emails by clicking on the opt-out link at the bottom of such emails or by clicking here.
If you have previously opted-out of receiving such emails, but now would like to receive such information from D.R. Horton, you may also do so by clicking here. Please note that even if you opt-out of the receipt of commercial emails from us marketing our products and services, we may continue to send email communications to you regarding transactions that you have initiated, information that you have requested, or business relationships that we have with you. And, even if you opt-out of the receipt of commercial emails from us, you will continue to receive customer questionnaires and surveys following your purchase of a D.R. Horton home, to the extent permitted by law.
To opt-out of receiving those questionnaires and surveys, please click here, or to opt-back in if you have previously opted-out but would now like to receive such communications, you may do so by clicking here. Finally, even if you opt-out of the receipt of commercial emails marketing our products and services, you may still receive letters and telephone calls from D.R. Horton advertising our products and services, to the extent permitted by law. Your opt-out from commercial emails from us will only be effective with regard to the email address(es) that you provide to us when you opt-out. If you have multiple email addresses, you may continue to receive commercial emails at email addresses that you have not listed in your opt-out. If you reside in the European Economic Area, we may use Personal Information to respond to and fulfill your requests or to complete the transactions you have requested, but we will not provide updates and announcements about our products and services or send information to you regarding other opportunities from D.R. Horton, its Affiliates, or third parties without your consent.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL WITH REGARD TO INTEREST BASED ADVERTISING.
D.R. Horton utilizes Third-Party Service Providers to deliver advertisements, including interest based advertisements, to you based on your previous online behavior including your surfing history, as well as other Automated Information collected about you while you have visited websites and utilized applications, including our own.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, we will only utilize Third-Party Service Providers in this manner, or otherwise deliver interest based advertisements to you, with your consent. Our interest based advertisements may be delivered to you on our Sites, across the Internet and across your devices. The goal of our interest based advertising is to send advertisements to a large group of consumers who are interested in buying a D.R. Horton home. Our hope is to provide you with opportunities to purchase our homes and avoid providing advertisements that are of little, or no, interest to you. To learn more about interest based advertising, please go to Interest Based Advertising and Analytics on this Website.
You may choose not to receive interest based advertisements from many digital advertising networks and third party ad servers on our Sites, or if you have previously opted-out of receiving such advertisements, but now would like to receive them, you may opt back in, by clicking here.
Please be aware that limiting the delivery of interest based advertisements from the digital advertising agencies and networks, and third party ad servers identified on our Sites, will not prevent the delivery of all interest based advertising to your devices. Many third party advertisers collect information about your browsing behavior across the Internet and across your devices. You will need to opt-out on each website that you visit in order to minimize the amount of interest based advertising that finds its way to your devices. And, limiting the delivery of interest based advertisements from the digital advertising agencies and networks, and third party ad servers identified on our Sites, may not eliminate the collection of Automated Information about you while you browse the Internet, including on our Sites.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL WITH REGARD TO ACCESSING, DELETING, OR SELLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
We do not sell or rent customer lists to unaffiliated third parties for marketing or any other purposes.
At times, we may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in our Privacy Policy.
If you are a resident of certain locations, such as California or the European Economic Area, you may request that we refrain from selling or, in certain cases, sharing your personal information.
To submit such a request, please click here, or contact us at 888-559-2763 or PrivacyManager@drhorton.com. Please visit our Cookie Consent Tool to control certain sharing of information with third parties via Cookies and similar technologies.
Access My Personal Information.
If you are a resident of certain locations, such as California or the European Economic Area, you may request that we provide you the categories or specific pieces of personal information we have collected from or about you.
To submit such a request, please click here, or contact us at 888-559-2763 or PrivacyManager@drhorton.com.
Delete My Personal Information.
If you are a resident of certain locations, such as California or the European Economic Area, you may request that we delete personal information we have collected from or about you.
To submit such a request, please click here or contact us at 888-559-2763 or PrivacyManager@drhorton.com.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL WITH REGARD TO THE COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU WHEN UTILIZING YOUR MOBILE DEVICES.
When you are using a mobile device to access one of our Mobile Applications, our Third-Party Service Providers as well as other third parties may recognize your device by capturing the unique numerical identifier that is associated with your mobile device specifically for digital advertising. This numerical identifier is known as a Mobile Advertising Identifier. These Third-Party Service Providers may collect Automated Information and combine it with other information that they have gathered. Through the combination of information, our Third-Party Service Providers and others may recognize you across devices that you use such as tablets, cell phones and laptops. To learn about your choices in connection with these third party collection practices and to stop certain of this collection, please visit www.aboutads.info/consumers. You may also opt-out of interest based advertising or cross application advertising by reviewing and changing the built-in privacy controls in your mobile device. Most mobile devices maintain functionality that will allow you to change your Mobile Advertising Identifier. And, you may opt-out of certain interest based advertising by clicking on “Your Privacy Choices” on our Mobile Applications.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, without your consent, we will not collect location information from your device, use that information to provide you with geographically based material, or share your physical location with our Third-Party Service Providers so that they may combine that location with other information about your browsing behavior to share information of interest with you, or track you across different devices.
Please be aware that limiting the delivery of interest based advertisements from the digital advertising agencies and networks, and third party ad servers identified on our Sites, will not prevent the delivery of all interest based advertising to your devices. Many third party advertisers collect information about your browsing behavior across the Internet and across your devices. You will need to opt-out on each website that you visit in order to minimize the amount of interest based advertising that finds its way to your devices. And, limiting the delivery of interest based advertisements from the digital advertising agencies and networks, and third party ad servers identified on our Sites, may not eliminate the collection of Automated Information about you while you browse the Internet, including on our Sites.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL WITH REGARD TO OUR COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR ONLINE BEHAVIOR FOR ANALYTICS PURPOSES.
D.R. Horton engages the services of certain digital analytics companies to gather qualitative and quantitative measurements regarding the operation and use of our Sites in order to improve their efficiency and effectiveness, and provide an optimal experience for our customers. Our analytics providers gather site data generated when you visit our Sites, through JavaScript that they have installed on the pages of certain of our Sites.
The Automated Information that is collected for analytics purposes is not Personal Information, but is instead Anonymous Information.
D.R. Horton uses Google Analytics, which collects information about your use of our Sites. If you do not wish for your visit data to be reported to Google, or if you previously opted-out of such reporting but now would like to allow it, please click here. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, D.R. Horton will not use Google Analytics in this manner without your consent.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL WITH REGARD TO OUR COLLECTION OF INFORMATION FROM DEVICES INSTALLED IN YOUR HOME.
If you have purchased a D.R. Horton Smart Home, then devices installed in your home that are connected to the Internet, such as a smart doorbell, automated door lock or thermostat, kitchen appliances, home automation system or security systems may collect information about you and your use of the device. This Automated Information is collected, used, and analyzed by the third party providers of the devices and is governed by the terms, conditions, policies and practices of such third-party providers only. We recommend that you carefully review your agreements with, and other terms and conditions published by, these third-party providers.
D.R. Horton does not collect any information from these devices about you or your use of the devices.
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROL WITH REGARD TO OUR USE OF COOKIES.
To see the Cookies that we place on your browser, and to opt-out of such placement, you can visit our Cookie Consent Tool. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, without your consent only essential Cookies are used when you visit our Sites.
DEFINITIONS.
Affiliates – Our Affiliates include, among others, our builder affiliated entities, as well as our mortgage company, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd.; our title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title; our insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc.; Forestar Group, Inc. and other non-builder affiliated entities.
Anonymous Information – Anonymous Information is information that does not include Personal Information, or from which Personal Information has been deleted. Anonymous Information does not identify, and cannot be used to reasonably determine, the identity of an individual customer. Anonymous Information may include demographic and other general information that you may provide to us; some Automated Information collected through cookies, pixels and other technologies such as browser and other device information; general location information; and certain information collected from your mobile devices as a result of recognition of your Mobile Advertising Identifier (a unique numerical identifier) that is associated with your mobile device.
Automated Information – We and our Third-Party Service Providers have automated means of collecting certain information from you when you visit our Sites, or otherwise interact with us online. In many cases, the information that is collected using these automated technologies does not identify you personally, but instead is linked to an anonymous numerical identifier. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, where this information is associated with you, or could reasonably be associated with you, we treat information collected through automated means as “Personal Information” as defined elsewhere in this Your Privacy Choices.
Cookies – Cookies are small pieces of text used to store information on web browsers.
Cookies are widely used across the Internet, including by Us, to store and receive identifiers and other information on computers, phones, and other devices.
We may also use other technologies, including data we store on your web browser or device, identifiers associated with your device, and other software, including Web Beacons and pixel tags, for similar purposes. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to all of these technologies as “Cookies.”
European Economic Area – The European Economic Area consists of the Member States of the European Union as well as Liechtenstein, Iceland, and Norway.
IP Address – An IP Address is a unique string of characters that identifies each computer using the Internet Protocol to communicate over a network.
Mobile Applications – Our Mobile Applications are our mobile sites, applications, and mobile interactive features.
Personal Information – Personal Information is information that identifies, relates to, describes or is reasonably capable of being associated with you.
Personal Information includes Identifiers such as your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, user name, physical address, IP Address, phone number, driver’s license or state identification card number, email address, debit card information or other financial information, profile pictures or social media account ID.
Sites – Our Sites include this Website, our mobile sites, applications, and mobile interactive features (our “Mobile Applications”), and our social media pages such as those on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram as well as our blog HomeIs.drhorton.com (our “Social Media Pages”).
Third-Party Service Providers – Our Third-Party Service Providers include marketing companies, digital advertising agencies, third-party ad servers, third-party email servers, investor relation firms, payment processors, financial institutions, data aggregators, analytics providers, and third-party advertising networks that provide services to us or on our behalf.