http://www.biologyjobs.com/privacy.cfm?requesttimeout=500
<< Return to BiologyJobs.com
Privacy Policy
We understand the power that the Internet holds for changing your life and making things easier for you. These benefits are at risk if people are concerned about their personal privacy. We are committed to providing you with an Internet experience that respects and protects your personal privacy choices and concerns.
In general, we gather information about all of our users collectively.
We only use such information anonymously and in the aggregate. This information helps us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you. We may share this information with our partners, but only in the aggregate, so that they too may understand how BiologyJobs.com visitors use our site, so they may create a better overall experience for you, as well.
Email Links
BiologyJobs.com provides email address link located on the Contact Us page so that you may email us directly with any questions or comments you may have.
BiologyJobs.com reads all messages received and makes efforts to respond promptly.
In addition to replying to your comment or inquiry, we may also file your email for future reference regarding improvements to our website or discard the information.
Your personal information is not shared to third parties without your express permission
Information Collection and Use
BiologyJobs.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
BiologyJobs.com collects information from our users at several different point on our website.
Membership Information
Company's wishing to sign up for BiologyJobs.com's service are asked to provide certain data including full name, complete mailing address, phone number and email address.
Resume Database
Since BiologyJobs.com is a career site, we give you the option of putting your resume in our database. There are two ways of doing this:
1. You can store your resume in our database, but not allow your contact information to be viewed by potential employers. Employers must contact you through a private form if they are interested in your resume.
2. If you allow your resume to be searchable, then all employers and recruiters who pay for access to our resume database product will have access to your resume.
We use our best efforts to grant access to this database only to legitimate employers, recruiters, hiring managers, headhunters, and human resource professionals, but cannot guarantee that other parties will not, without our consent, gain access to this database. You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time. However, employers and recruiters who have paid for access to the database, and other parties who have otherwise gained access to the database, may have retained a copy of your resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use, or privacy of resumes in these instances, or for the use or privacy of resumes by any of such parties while resumes are in the database
Personal Information
BiologyJobs.com resume functionality requires/requests users to give us contact information (such as their email address) and personal information (such as their work histories and academic achievements). The user's contact and personal information is used to contact the visitor when necessary, but is primarily used in the construction of the user's resume and Candidate Profile.
We do not disclose information about your individual visits to BiologyJobs.com, or personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, personal references, etc., to any outside parties, except when we believe the law requires it. But, we may record and share aggregated information with our partners.
Legal Disclaimer
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process serviced on our website.
Change/Modify
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. You can go to: http://www.biologyjobs.com/, Logon to your respective account, and enter your Username. and password. On the next page, simply click on the Update Profile menu for the data you wish to modify.
Opt-Out
BiologyJobs.com provides users the opportunity to opt-out from our mailing list from their accounts. To do this: You can go to: http://www.biologyjobs.com/, Logon to your respective account, and enter your Username and Password. On the next page, simply click on the Update Profile menu. At the bottom of the page select
NO to Unsubscribe from our mailing list and click the update button.
Links
BiologyJobs.com contains links to other sites. These sites have their own policies and practices with respect to online privacy, and BiologyJobs.com cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Web sites. In addition, in certain instances a BiologyJobs.com advertiser may ask you for personal information. BiologyJobs.com cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of its advertisers.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
Contact information will be used to notify winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Only certain employees have access to the information you provide us. For example, we impose strict rules on our employees who have access either to the databases that store user information or to the servers that host our services. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences.
Notification of Changes
This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the website. We will post those changes so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. Please check this site for information about revisions to our privacy policy.
We will notify you directly if there is a material change in our privacy practices. We will take commercially reasonable measures to obtain written or active e-mail consent from the user if BiologyJobs.com is going to be using the information collected from the user in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection. We will also post the changes in our privacy statement 10 days prior to a change.
<< Return to BiologyJobs.com
Please help us spread the word
about BiologyJobs.com by telling
any organization you know that hires employees with a background in biology that they can advertise their open positions online at BiologyJobs.com for only $1 per day with unlimited job postings and resume database access plus their organization's profile and logo featured online.
You can't beat the affordable advertising rates of Biology Jobs .com combined with the highly tartgeted traffic that your job postings will recieve compared to other online job board services.
Whether you are working on your degree, or your have completed your B.A.
(bachelor of arts) B.S. ( bachelor of science ) M.S.( master of science ), M.A. ( master of arts ),or
Ph.D ( doctorate of philosophy ) degree , and you are looking for a postdoctoral ( postdoc ) job, Biology Jobs .com has job openings posted online at various times for all levels of Biology Jobs from volunteer positions to postdoctoral research jobs to tenured professors, positions with top biotechnology companies and everything in between.
FEEDBACK
PRIVACY
Copyright Biology Jobs .com, Your Life Science Careers Site