http://www.robertirobotics.com/about-us/privacy-policy.php
Spanish
English
Zeus Cad Laser
Remote Telediagnostics
Standalone LaserSystems
Laser Cube
Laser - Lucky
Laser Modula EVO
Laser ModulaEVO - 4 Axis
Laser ModulaEVO Rotante
Laser ModulaEVO Rotante Maxi
Laser MarkingAccessories
Marking Videos
Multi-level Marking
Low NoiseScribe Marking
Marking 2DMatrix Codes
Z Axis Barcode
High Speed Marking
T1 Marking
Deep Marking
Portable Marking
Marking Plasticand Rubber
Rotary Scribe Markingwith Z Axis
Laser Marking
Brain Touch
Marking Aroundan Obstacle
Marking of Graphics& Special Fonts
Microdot RotaryPart Marking
Easy Powerful Programming
Eco Marking
Youtube Videos
Marking Solutions
MarkingApplications
Marking usedin Industries
Marking ofDifferent Materials
Contact Us
Services
Technical Assistance
Training and/orStart-up Assistance
Remote Telediagnostics
Feasibility andSample Service
About Us
History
Privacy Policy
Legal
ContactInformation
Canada
United States
Mexico
Map & Directions
Opportunities
Search Site For
Microdot Products
Scribe Products
Laser Products
P1 - 65 x 35mm
P2 - 100 x 35mm
P3 - 180 x 35mm
FIONDA - 60 x 20mm
F1 - 65 x 65mm
F2 - 100 x 100mm
F3 - 180 x 100mm
FMAX - 500 x 300mm
R1 - 340 x 170mm
G1 - 60 x 40mm
G2 - 100 x 100mm
G3 - 180 x 100mm
P1p - 65 x 35mm
P2p - 100 x 35mm
P3p - 180 x 35mm
ECO - 95 x 20mm
T1 - 180 x 100mm
Omega - 65 x 64 x 40mm
Brain Touch
Brain EVO
Millennium
Zeus Cad
Remote Telediagnostics
Microdot/Scribe Accessories
Microdot StylusTypes Available
Scribe StylusTypes Available
Fiber Laser for Integration
CO2 Laser for Integration
Laser Cube
Lucky Laser
Modula EVO
Modula EVO - 4 Axis
Modula EVO Rotante
Modula EVO Rotante Maxi
Laser Accessories
Privacy Policy
Home » Contact Us » About Us » Privacy Policy
Welcome to www.robertirobotics.com. Any access or use of this site is bound by the following terms and conditions, please read them carefully.
Your right to privacy is a primary concern at Robert I. Robotics Inc. For that reason, when you visit www.robertirobotics.com, we strive to help you maintain control over your personal and corporate data on the Internet. This policy sets out the specific measures we have adopted to provide that all visitors to our site have their right to privacy protected. This document outlines our privacy policies regarding our online based system and site, and should only be considered a companion to the general privacy policy for Robert I. Robotics Inc.
a. Information Collection and Use:At this time, Robert I. Robotics Inc. does not use www.robertirobotics.com to collect any detailed personal or corporate information. E mail addresses are provided for direct contact with our representatives, and all reasonable steps are taken to ensure that any information you provide in this manner is disclosed only to Robert I. Robotics Inc. In turn, the management and staff at Robert I. Robotics Inc. collectively agree that none of this information will be sold, shared, rented, or otherwise disclosed other than those provided for by the Robert I. Robotics Inc. privacy policy.
b. Links:Our web site contains links to other sites. These links are provided to assist visitors in finding resources relevant to their business. While Robert I. Robotics Inc. exercises complete discretion in establishing these links, we do not have any direct control over the privacy practices of these other sites. Please be aware that upon leaving our site, any further information disclosed will not be subject to the terms of our privacy policy. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other sites in order to ensure you are able to protect your rights in an informed manner.
c. Internet Tracking:At any time, Robert I Robotics Inc. may gather some information simply by monitoring traffic on this site. This information consists of IP addresses and other standard web server data (for example, web browser versions and the time that you visited our site). We use this data to analyze trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. These statistics are not generally linked to personally identifiable information. Visitors who wish to withhold personally identifiable information will generally be able to do so. However, in certain exceptional instances we may be required to identify specific users of our site when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with Canadian and/or International law.
d. Cookies:www.robertirobotics.com may now or at any time employ “cookies” to enhance your use of the site. Cookies are pieces of data stored on a visitor's hard drive containing information about the visitor. This information is not linked to any personally identifiable information. You may freely reject these “cookies” by modifying your browser system and still use the site.
e. Security:www.robertirobotics.com may enable visitors to request additional information on Robert I. Robotics Inc.'s products and services, business development opportunities, to submit customer service and support questions, to provide general feedback and to submit other inquiries by completing the appropriate forms online, or via e mail contact. Our use of any information provided by these methods will generally be restricted to responding to your specific request and for certain other limited internal purposes. Any further use of this information will be done in accordance with our privacy policy. Visitors should note that at any time, certain forms might ask for more detailed or more specific information than others, or for more generic inquiries. These forms have a specific provision, included in the text of the form, governing the use and control of this additional information. We encourage all visitors completing these forms to familiarize themselves with this provision prior to submitting any such inquiry.Additionally, all e mail correspondence with a representative of Robert I. Robotics Inc. is subject to the same terms within the privacy policy. E mail received from representatives may be subject to additional conditions, as detailed in the text of the message itself. Please note that while all electronic contact with representatives of Robert I. Robotics Inc. is subject to conformance with this privacy policy, certain security measures cannot be guaranteed for information sent to or through systems not controlled by or affiliated with Robert I. Robotics Inc.
You acknowledge that the internet is an inherently insecure environment and Robert I. Robotics Inc. has no control over the privacy of any e mail message when the same is outside of Robert I. Robotics Inc.’s own internal system. Robert I. Robotics Inc. recommends the system not be used for the transmission or receipt of confidential information of any type; any such use shall be at your sole risk: Robert I. Robotics Inc. and its employees, associates and related corporations shall be relieved from all liability in connection with such use including all liability for any disclosure of confidential information.
© 2014 Robert I. Robotics Inc.
Privacy PolicyLegal Site Map