http://www.prestolite.com/pgs_about/about_privacy.php
Corporate
- Home
- US Employee Pension Info
- Contact Us
Prestolite Electric Incorporated
Internet Privacy Policy
Effective July 26, 2001
Table of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use That Information
Copyright and Legal Notices
External Websites
Postings
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Thank you for your interest in Prestolite Electric Incorporated, and welcome to our website.
We know that you are concerned
about your privacy, so we have established the Privacy Policy set forth below.
The policy specifies the ways in which we collect
and use information about you.
We want you to be comfortable visiting our site, and protecting your privacy is one of the ways
that we can sustain your trust in Prestolite, our products and our services.
The Information We Collect
In the course of using the Prestolite site our web server will track certain information about you.
This information may include
your IP address, the name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP), the URL of the site you visited us from, the operating system
and browser you are using, the web pages that you view, and the length of time that you view these pages.
In addition, Prestolite may use 'cookies' on certain pages in our site.
Cookies are small data files that are sent to your browser
from our site, and are stored on your computer's hard drive.
Cookies allow us to more precisely determine how you use our site,
and enable us to more accurately measure activity during your visit.
We use this information to determine the areas within the site
which are of the most interest to you, and to subsequently tailor the site towards those interests.
You may have the ability to reject
these cookies in your browser preferences, but for technical reasons this may prevent you from accessing certain areas within the
Prestolite site.
Prestolite will not collect personal information about you (i.e. your name, address, telephone number, etc.) unless you volunteer
that information during the course of using the site or by sending us an email.
For example, you may be asked to volunteer some
of this or other information during the course of taking a survey, registering a product, or executing a contract.
How We Use That Information
Prestolite will use this information to help improve our services to you, to provide you with additional information on the products
and services that may be of interest to you, and for marketing and other internal purposes.
You should know that Prestolite does
not sell or make available this information to any third parties, and that this information will only be used internally by Prestolite,
its subsidiaries, divisions and affiliates within the context described herein.
Copyright And Legal Notices
©1996-2010 Prestolite Electric Incorporated
All Rights Reserved.
Prestolite retains all copyrights in any text, graphic images,
animation files, and other files that you view on the website.
You are hereby granted permission to view, download or otherwise
electronically copy documents published herein solely for
non-commercial, personal use, or commercial use in conjunction
with the sale of Prestolite products, provided that copyrights,
trademarks, and any other proprietary marks remain intact
on said documents. You may not use, alter, distribute, or
otherwise copy any graphics, images, text, or other files
for any other purpose without the expressed, written consent
of Prestolite.
You acknowledge by using the site that you do so at your own risk.
Neither Prestolite Electric Incorporated, or any other party
involved with producing or delivering the site shall be held liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages
that may arise out of your use of the site.
EVERYTHING ON THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY PRESTOLITE ELECTRIC
INCORPORATED "AS IS", SOLEY AS A CONVENIENCE TO ITS DEALERS, CUSTOMERS AND USERS WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
The information supplied
could contain technical, typographical or other inaccuracies, and Prestolite assumes no responsibility for errors on this website
or on other documents that are referenced by or linked to the publications on this site.
External Websites
Prestolite may, at its discretion, choose to link to third party websites.
Prestolite has not reviewed all of these sites, and such
links do not constitute an endorsement of the companies and/or individuals which provide those sites, or the products and/or
services which those companies and/or individuals provide on that site.
You access these sites at your own risk, and you should
be aware that these sites are not controlled by Prestolite, and are therefore not subject to this Privacy Policy.
In addition, Prestolite
is not responsible for any viruses or other destructive items which may be present on this or any other site.
The user is urged to use
discretion upon any use of the Internet and the World Wide Web in general, and take the necessary precautions to protect yourself
and your property from these devices.
Postings
Although Prestolite may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and
the like on the Prestolite website, Prestolite is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from
the content of any such locations or for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity,
danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information contained within such locations on the Website.
You are prohibited from posting
or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane
material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that may be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil
liability, or otherwise violate any law.
Prestolite will cooperate fully with any law enforcement agency or court order requesting
Prestolite to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
How To Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or about Prestolite's Website please send us an e-mail at
webmaster@prestolite.com, or go to our
Contact Us web page for details on our contact phone numbers and addresses.
Home
Contact Us
About Us
News Items
©Copyright 1996-2014 Prestolite Electric Inc
Privacy Policy - Terms of Use - Copyright and Legal Notices - Prop 65 WARNING