http://www.agencycompile.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Web Site Data Collection Practices
We collect some information about visitors indirectly through standard web logs, including IP address, what browser is being used (e.g., Mozilla Firefox, Chrome), and the domain name from which a visitor entered the site (e.g., www.companyname.com). We normally use this information in the aggregate to administer and improve our web site. Some data may be traceable to an individual, but we do not normally seek to identify individuals unless we believe that someone is using our site improperly.
Some existing users come to our web site with IDs and passwords already assigned. Others who register at our web site are asked to provide standard contact information, such as name, mailing and email addresses, and telephone numbers. We may also collect a credit card number from those who register and subscribe to our service through the web site.
Cookies
We sometimes use an Internet device called a cookie to store login or other information on your computer. A cookie is a small amount of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to simplify your access and to tailor our services to your needs and interests. We may offer users the choice of having an ID or password stored in a cookie so that you do not need to re-enter it when you return to the site. We do not store credit card numbers in cookies. No other site can read a cookie set by Agency Compile, and we cannot read a cookie that another web site wrote to your computer. Most Internet browsers are set to accept cookies. Users can reset browsers to refuse cookies and still use our web site, although access may be slower and less convenient.
Registered Users
Agency Compile collects individually identifiable information from registered users in order for them to access certain areas of the web site. We use this information to fill and confirm orders for products and services, administer individual accounts, update Agency Compile's databases, and provide customer support. Users may be contacted as necessary for these purposes. Users may also be contacted via email for administrative and marketing purposes.
Registration of a company
Marketing services companies may register and add their company to the Agency Compile web site. During the online registration process the name, email address and phone number of the authorized user who inputs the data is requested. We may use this information to contact this person for verification purposes. All contacts associated with a company’s profile may be contacted via email for administrative and marketing purposes.
Service Providers
Agency Compile relies on various service providers to support its web site and business operations. We share information with those who directly support the web site and who only use the information on our behalf in accordance with this policy. We also share information with credit card processors, auditors, lawyers or other contractors, but we require that recipients use the information only on our behalf for the purpose of the disclosure and that they destroy or return the information when it is no longer needed. These third parties' own privacy notices govern any information that they may collect on their own. When necessary or appropriate, we may disclose information in response to a court order or subpoena or when otherwise legally required. We may also disclose information as appropriate to protect our web site or legal rights, or in connection with a sale or merger involving Agency Compile assets.
From time to time, Agency Compile aggregates online transaction and registration information for internal analyses such as researching and identifying market segments and needs.
Links
This website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that Agency Compile is not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policies of any web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Outside data
From time to time, for marketing purposes, Agency Compile may combine information disclosed by a user on the web site with information about that user obtained from other sources.
Security Safeguards
We recognize the need to prevent unauthorized access to the information we collect, including that held in an electronic format on our computer systems. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards intended to protect all non-public information.
Notification of changes
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 21, 2012. When we make changes to it, we will post a message on our homepage to that effect with a link to the revised Policy.
© 2014 Pile and Company. All Rights Reserved.
Promoted Content
×
Are you a marketer?
Search thousands of agencies by location, clients and more.
Register
Are you an agency?
Showcase your agency’s creative, capabilities and news.
Register
X
Subscribe to Compiled.
Agency creative on Wednesday. Agency news on Friday.Delivered to your inbox.
This email is already subscribed!
Submit
X
Thanks for subscribing!
Please add compiled@agencycompile.com to your safe senders list to ensure you receive Compiled.