http://www.cfpdirect.co.uk/privacy-policy/
MY FAVOURITE PRODUCTS
ORDERING |
CONTACT |
HOME |
t: 0161 406 5050
e: sales@cfpdirect.co.uk
PRODUCTS
All Products
Eurovent Approved Filters
ISO Approved Filters
Pocket / Bag Filters
Panel Filters
Carbon Filters
HEPA Filters
Glass Media
Compact Filters
Belts and Pulleys
Accessories
Synthetic Media
Specialist Filters
SERVICES
Our services
Filter Installation and Removal
Filter Disposal and Collection
Air and Duct Cleaning
Site Surveys
ISO 16890
SECTORS
Facilities Management
Retail
Office
Hotels and Leisure
AHU Manufacturers and OEMs
SOLUTIONS
General heating and ventilation
Odour and gas removal
Spray booths, painting and drying
Grease
High efficiency filtration
APPLICATIONS
ABOUT US
Meet the Team
ISO 16890
CASE STUDIES
CLIENTS
NEWS
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Concept Filter Products we provide a complete air filtration and air hygiene service for all types of air conditioning and ventilating systems.
Home > Privacy Policy
Quick Enquiry
Your privacy and the security of your personal information is extremely important to us. Any information you provide about yourself will only be used in accordance with this policy and here we explain what we do to keep it secure. The data we collect is either essential for the services we provide or to enhance your experience. We will never share your data with third parties without your approval.
What sort of information do we collect/hold
Information that you provide when purchasing our products and services, such as your name, business address, telephone number, email address and bank details for payments.
We retain information about the services that we provide to you (including for example, what they were, when and where, what you paid, the way you use our products and services).
We use Google Analytics to monitor when people visit our website and the pages visited. We use this information to analyse trends of traffic data, location data and resources people have accessed for example to enable us to improve our website. We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using technology such as cookies which store information on the hard drive of your computer. Find out more about our use of cookies here. This information helps us to improve our website and deliver a better and more personalised service. To find out more about cookies visit www.allaboutcookies.org
Concept Filter Products site may contain web beacons from third parties to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other website operations. These web beacons may allow the third parties to set or read a cookie on your computer. We prohibit third parties from using web beacons on our sites to collect or access your personal information.
When you register to receive our communications, we retain your information to send you periodic communications about our products, services and general company news updates.
How we collect:
We use a number of methods and technologies to gather information about how you use our sites and services, including:
Web forms, such as when you type information into a registration form or type a search query into a search box.
Technologies like cookies and web beacons
Web logging, which enables us to collect the standard information your browser sends to every website you visit such as your IP address, browser type and language, and the site you came from, as well as the pages you visit and the links you click while using our sites and services.
Software installed on your computer or other devices, which may send back information needed to operate, update or improve that software.
How do we use your information:
For statistical analysis to help us improve your experience with us.
To help us understand more about you as a customer, the products and services you choose and the manner in which you communicate with us so we can provide a better service.
To provide you with information about our products and services, news and service updates.
To help answer your questions and resolve any issues you have about our obligations with you using our products and services.
To assess suitability for career applications and to contact you in response to your registered interest in a career at Concept Filter Products.
Cookies and similar technologies:
Our use of cookies:
Concept Filter Products website use "cookies," which are small text files placed on your hard disk by a web server. We use cookies to remember the settings made by each visitor, such as choice of country, and thereby offer personalised features. This helps us to register the traffic flow on the website and provides us with statistics and information on how many visitors we have on our website, the time the visitors spend on our website, the visitors origin and domain and what operating system, such as Windows, and browser they use. We also use cookies to trace downloads you make, to facilitate your subsequent downloads and provide us with information about your downloads. To sum up, using cookies enables us to improve the service and function of our website for your benefit.
Cookies contain text that can be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. That text often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your computer but may contain other information as well. On this website we use cookies that are saved to the hard disk and therefore remain after the browser is closed, so called persistent cookies. We may also use so-called session cookies, which are cookies saved to the web browser that disappear when the browser is closed.
Security:
Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. You can accept or reject cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser settings to reject cookies. You must, however, accept cookies to use all the functions on this website.
We may use cookies for:
Storing your Preferences and Settings. If you enter your city or postal code to get local news or weather information on an IFS site, we may store that city or postal code in a cookie so that you will see the relevant local information when you return to the site. This can save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information every time you visit the site.
Targeted Advertising. When we display online advertisements to you, we will place one or more persistent cookies on your device to recognise your device each time we display an ad to you. Because we serve advertisements on our own websites as well as those of our advertising and publisher partners, we are able to compile information over time about the types of pages, content and ads you or others who are using your computer visited or viewed. This information is used for many purposes; for example, it helps us ensure that you do not see the same advertisements over and over again. We also use this information to help select and display targeted advertisements that we believe may be of interest to you.
Site Analytics. We may use cookies to count the number of unique visitors to a web page or service or to develop other aggregate statistics about the operations of our sites and services. Such analytics help us operate and improve the performance of these sites and services. Some of the cookies we commonly use are listed in the following chart. This list is not exhaustive, but it is intended to illustrate some of the reasons we set cookies. If you visit one of our websites, the site may set some or all of the following cookies:
Cookie name
Description
IFS_SITE_LANG
Identifies the language the user has selected
IFS_EU_COOKIE
Sets the time limitation for the acceptance of the EU cookie directive, can be 24 hours or one year
SC_ANALYTICS_SESSION_COOKIE
SC_ANALYTICS_GLOBAL_COOKIE
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors to the site come from, and the pages they visited.
Pardot Visitor Cookie (visitor_id)
The visitor cookie includes the name "visitor_id" plus the unique identifier for your account, which is derived from the tracking code placed on our site. The value stored is the unique ID for the visitor. This cookie is set by Pardot tracking code on visitors and prospects.
Pardot Opt In Cookie (pi_opt_in)
This cookie is what Pardot use to stay in compliance with the "Do Not Track" initiative.
In addition to the cookies Concept Filter Products may set when you visit our websites, third parties may also set certain cookies on your hard drive when you visit Concept Filter Products sites. In some cases, that is because we have hired the third party to provide certain services on our behalf, such as site analytics. In other cases, it is because our web pages contain content or ads from third parties, such as videos, news content or ads delivered by other ad networks. Because your browser connects to those third parties web servers to retrieve that content, those third parties are able to set or read their own cookies on your hard drive.
How to control cookies:
Browser Controls to Block Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to block cookies.
For example, in Internet Explorer, you may block cookies by taking the following steps:
Click "Tools" and then select "Internet Options"
Click the "Privacy" tab at the top of the window
Move the slider up or down to select the types of cookies you wish to block
Instructions for blocking cookies in other browsers are available at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of Concept Filter Products sites and services that depend on cookies, and some advertising preferences that are dependent on cookies may not be able to be respected.
Browser Controls to Delete Cookies. If you accept cookies, you can delete them later.
For example, in Internet Explorer, you may delete cookies by taking the following steps:
Click "Tools" and then select "Internet Options"
On the "General" tab, under "Browsing History," click the "Delete" button
On the pop-up, select the box next to "Cookies"
Click the "Delete" button
Instructions for deleting cookies in other browsers are available at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
Please be aware that if you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Who we might share your information with:
Occasionally we work with partners and suppliers to help provide our products and services, and we may share your information, so they can process your order on our behalf, but only where they meet our standards on the processing of data and security. We only share information that allows them to provide their services to us or to facilitate them providing their services to you.Â Otherwise we will never share any information with third parties without your explicit consent.
Links to other sites:
Please be aware that our website or communication may occasionally share links to other websites where we feel it is beneficial (for example, a trade publication featuring news about Concept Filter Products) however we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites.
Keeping you informed about our products and services:
We would like to tell you about our products and services that we think might help your business from time to time. Where you have consented to us doing so, we may do this via post, email, text message, phone, online, social media, or by any other electronic means.
We won't send you marketing messages if you tell us not to but we will still need to send you occasional service-related messages. You can opt-out of our marketing communication at any time.
Your rights:
Access and correction of your personal information
You have the right to access the personal information that we hold about you. We will normally provide this information free of charge, however we will need proof of identity and written notification to do so. If requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, we may charge a proportionate fee and will advise you of this fee.
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
If you would like to exercise these rights, please contact us.
Right to stop or limit our processing of your data:
You have the right to delete your personal information if we are not entitled to use it anymore and to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.
How long do we keep your information for?
We will retain a record of your personal information. This is done in order to provide you with a high quality and consistent service. We will always retain your personal information in accordance with law and regulation and never retain your information for longer than is necessary.
Social media:
When using one of our websites or mobile applications, you may be able to share information through social networks like Facebook and Twitter. For example, when you like, share or review our services. When doing this your personal information may be visible to the providers of those social networks and other users. Please remember it is your responsibility to set appropriate privacy settings on your social network accounts so you are comfortable with how your information is used and shared on them.
Security of your personal data:
Concept Filter Products is committed to protecting the personal data you share with us. Concept Filter Products uses a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures and organisational measures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use or disclosure. Concept Filter Products supports online security using secure server technology because we want your data to be safe. There are security arrangements and facilities on Concept Filter Products sites to prevent abuse.
Contact Us:
If you would like to exercise one of your rights as set out above, or you have a question or a complaint about this policy or the way your personal information is processed, please contact us by one of the following means:
By email: sales@cfpdirect.co.uk
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK regulator, the Information Commissioner. Go to www.ico.org/concerns to find out more.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
About
Services
Partnerships
Case Studies
Clients
Testimonials
All Products
Pocket/Bag Filters
Panel Filters
Carbon Filters
HEPA Filters
Glass Media
Compact Filters
Belts and Pulleys
Accessories
Synthetic Media
Specialist Filters
The complete air filtration and air hygiene service for all types of air conditioning and ventilating systemsConcept Filter Products. Unit 5 Bredbury Court, Ashton Road, Bredbury, Stockport SK6 2QB
©Concept Filter Products 2017