http://www.kemet.co.uk/cookies-privacy-policy
Precision Lapping | Polishing | Cleaning | MaterialographyContactsales@kemet.co.uk or(+44) 1622 755287 Menu
Home About us
Products All productsdivider Diamond ProductsPrecision LappingUltrasonic CleaningMetallographyDeburring ToolsGeologyDry Electro-polishingSpectroscopyToolroomPortable Valve GrindingMass Surface Finishingdivider VideosLiteratureOffersMSDS Files
Services Lapping Services in UKLapping Services in EuropeResearch & Development Facilitiesdivider Mirror Finish Polishing ServiceMechanical Seal Repair ServicePrecision Manufacturing and Finishingdivider Free Sample TestingTechnical TrainingAfter Sales Service and Technical Support Contact us News
Search
Precision Lapping | Polishing | Cleaning | MaterialographyOur Cookies and Privacy PolicyWe want you to know that when you use our organisation you can trust us with your information. We are determined to do nothing that would infringe your rights or undermine your trust. This Privacy Notice describes the information we collect about you, how it is used and shared, and your rights regarding it.Data ControllerWe are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) as a Data Controller for the personal data that we hold and process. Our registered address is Kemet International Ltd, Parkwood Trading Estate, Maidstone, Kent ME15 9NJ, our ICO registration number is Z5901064.Data CollectionAll or the vast majority of the information that we hold about you is provided to us by yourself when you seek to use our services. We will tell you why we need the information and how we will use it.Our Lawful Basis for processing your informationThe General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) requires all organisations that process personal data to have a Lawful Basis for doing so. The Lawful Bases identified in the GDPR are: Consent of the data subject Performance of a contract with the data subject or to take steps to enter into a contract Compliance with a legal obligation To protect the vital interests of a data subject or another person Performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. The legitimate interests of ourselves, or a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests, rights or freedoms of the data subject. Examples of legitimate interests include: Where the data subject is a client or in the service of the controller Transmission within a group of undertakings for internal administrative purposes Processing necessary to ensure network and information security, including preventing unauthorised access Processing for direct marketing purposes, or to prevent fraud and Reporting possible criminal acts or threats to public security Our lawful basis isWe use your information to:
Process or support payments for goods and services Conduct data analysis, testing, and research (including for product development), and to monitor and analyse usage and activity trends Maintain the safety, security and integrity of our services Direct your enquiries to the appropriate customer support staff Investigate and address your concerns Communicate with you about products, services, promotions, studies, surveys, news, updates and events Investigate or address legal proceedings relating to your use of our services/products, or as otherwise allowed by applicable law We do not use automated decision-making in the processing of your personal data. We collect and process both personal data and special categories of personal data as defined in the GDPR. This includes:Customer/client data
Name Email Phone number Address Payment or bank details Location details We may share your personal data with:
Delivery partners Our subsidiaries Our legal advisors in the event of a dispute or other legal matter Law enforcement officials, government authorities, or other third parties to meet our legal obligations In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing, refinancing, or acquisition of some or all of our business by another company Any other party where we ask you and you consent to the sharing. Transfers to third countries and international organisationsWe do not transfer any personal data to third countries or international organisations.We retain your personal data while you remain a customer, unless you ask us to delete it. Our Retention and Disposal Policy (copy available on request) details how long we hold data for and how we dispose of it when it no longer needs to be held. We will delete or anonymise your information at your request unless: There is an unresolved issue, such as claim or dispute We are legally required to or There are overriding legitimate business interests, including but not limited to fraud prevention and protecting customers' safety and security. Your RightsThe General Data Protection Regulation gives you specific rights around your personal data. For example, you have to be informed about the information we hold and what we use it for, you can ask for a copy of the personal information we hold about you, you can ask us to correct any inaccuracies with the personal data we hold, you can ask us to stop sending you emails, or in some circumstances ask us to stop processing your details. Finally, if we do something irregular or improper with your personal data you can seek compensation for any distress you are caused or loss you have incurred. You can find out more information from the ICO’s website http://ico.org.uk/for_the_public/personal_information and this is the organisation that you can complain to if you are unhappy with how we deal with you.Accessing and Correcting Your InformationYou may request access to, correction of, or a copy of your information by contacting the DPO at Kemet International Ltd, Parkwood Trading Estate, Maidstone, Kent, ME15 9NJ.Marketing Opt-OutsYou may opt out of receiving emails and other messages from our organisation by following the instructions in those messages.CookiesCookies are small text files that are stored on your browser or device by websites, apps, online media, and advertisements. We use cookies to: Validate users Remember user preferences and settings Determine frequency of accessing our content Measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and Analyse site visits and trends. We will occasionally update our Privacy Notice.When we make significant changes, we will notify you of these through either mail or email. We will also publish the updated Notice on our website.
Kemet International Ltd, Parkwood Trading Estate, Maidstone, Kent ME15 9NJ UK Tel: +44 (0) 1622 755287 BSI number Q05919Over 80 years of service to industry
Your subscription could not be saved. Please try again.
:)
Signup to receive our special offers
Opt-in
I agree to receive your newsletters and accept the data privacy statement. (You may unsubscribe at any time using the link in our newsletter.)
SUBSCRIBE
Cookies & Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Kemet International Ltd. Subsidiaries© 2019 Kemet International Limited is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 344017. VAT number GB202934881.