https://www.rockwoodinsurance.com/privacy-policy
Home
|
800.558.8808
|
Contact
Insurance Programs
Specialty Products
FAQ
About UsContact Us
Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ROCKWOOD PROGRAMS ON LINE PRIVACY POLICY
At Rockwood Insurance, Inc., your privacy is important to us and we strive to protect it. We do collect information from our users from time to time in the format of policy change and service requests.
Your Information
As a visitor to www.rockwoodinsurance.com, you may use on line forms to request changes to, or information about your policy(ies).
If you have visited the site, or are a current client and used any of these services, we may from time to time, email you regarding new information or additions to the web site. We do not employ special tools or try to find any e-mail addresses that are not provided to us by the individual.
Additionally, if you decide that you do not wish to receive electronic information from us, you are given the freedom to cancel your participation. We provide the appropriate contact information in each section.
Please remember Rockwood Insurance, Inc., may link to web sites that we feel serve the needs of our customers. Our privacy policy and practices cannot be transferred to other sites.
Do We Disclose Your Personal Information to Outside Parties?
It is not our current policy to sell lists containing detailed personal customer information. From time to time, however, Rockwood Insurance, Inc., may offer special promotions through a partner. If you take advantage of a special offer, you are authorizing Rockwood Insurance, Inc., to provide only that partner with the relevant information needed to fulfill the offer. You become a customer of that partner, and are therefore under the guidelines of that partner’s privacy policy. If this is of concern to you, be sure to check the privacy policy of that particular partner before you respond to the offer.
In order to make Rockwood Insurance, Inc., a more valuable information source for our visitors, we also collect and analyze statistical information. From time to time, we share this information in aggregate with a third party. However, this data is reported only in aggregate and reveals no personal details about individual visitors to our site.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to the collection and use of the previously mentioned information by Rockwood Insurance, Inc. This policy is subject to change. Privacy issues represent a growing concern for all Web users. To keep up-to-date with Rockwood Insurance Inc., policies, please check this page frequently. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. For more information about Rockwood Insurance, Inc., privacy policies submit a request to
webmaster@rockwoodinsurance.comThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
back to top