https://www.spx.com/spx-cookie-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footerSPX Cookie PolicyEffective May 24, 2018
SPX Corporation and its affiliated entities (collectively “SPX”) respect individual privacy and value the confidence of its customers, business partners and others. SPX is committed to upholding the highest ethical standards in its business practices, and has long held this commitment as a fundamental element of the SPX Leadership Standards. Accordingly, SPX adheres to strict standards in connection with the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information, consistent with the laws of the countries in which SPX conducts business.
This Cookie Policy (“Policy”) applies to this website or to any website that includes a link or reference to this Policy (“Site(s)”) and describes what cookies are, what types of cookies are placed on your device when you visit the Site and how we use them.
This Policy does not address the collection, use and disclosure or your Personal Information by SPX generally. To learn more about how SPX handles your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer’s hard drive. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e., when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier. A cookie also may contain information about your computer, such as user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using our services. Web beacons (also called pixel tags or clear GIFs) are another type of data collection technology. A web beacon is computer code that enables us to monitor user activity and Site audience.
Why we use Cookies
Cookies help us improve the Site and your experience thereon by customizing your experience, helping us analyze usage, technical and browsing metrics as well as detecting and preventing fraud.
Different types of Cookies we use
First party and third party cookies
First-party cookies and Third-party cookies are different types of cookies:
First-party cookies are placed on your device directly by SPX. For example, we use first-party cookies to adapt our website to your device or language preferences and to secure your use of Site.
Third-party cookies are placed on your device by our third-party business partners and service providers. For example, we use third-party cookies to analyze the audience on our Site.
Session and persistent cookies
Session cookies and Persistent cookies are also different types of cookies.
Session cookies only last from the moment they are placed on your browser until the moment when you close your browser. We use session cookies for a variety of purposes, including to learn more about your use of our Site during one single browser session and to help you to use our Site more efficiently.
Persistent cookies have a longer lifespan and are not automatically deleted when you close your web browser. These types of cookies are primarily used for analytical purposes.
How we use Cookies
We use cookies to provide, secure and improve the Site, including by personalizing your experience, recognizing you when you visit our website.
To these purposes, we also may link information from cookies with other personal information we hold about you. When you visit our Site, some or all of the following types of cookies may be set on your device. Cookies, like all technologies, can be swiftly replaced by more secure and performant cookies. We will use our best efforts to keep this summary table accurate and up-to-date.
Cookie type
Who serves these cookies
How to refuse
Essential cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Site and to secure our Site.
Cloudflare – https://cloudflare.com
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Site to you, you cannot refuse them.
You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading “How can you control cookies?” blocking or deleting essential website cookies may make browsing our website a less satisfying experience. In some cases, you may even find yourself unable to use all or part of our site.
Analytics cookies: These cookies help us understand how our Site is being used and help us customize and improve our Site.
Google Services – https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading ” Your choices regarding cookies”
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/google-analytics-opt-out/fllaojicojecljbmefodhfapmkghcbnh?hl=en.
Advertising cookies:
Your choices regarding cookies
You may exercise your choices regarding cookies using several options. Please note that changes you make to your cookie preferences may prevent all or part of our Site from functioning as intended.
Tools within this Cookie Policy
You can set and modify your cookies preferences at any time, by clicking on the appropriate opt-out links provided in this Cookie Policy.
Browser and devices controls
Most web browsers provide settings that allow users to control or reject cookies or to alert users when a cookie is placed on their computer. The procedure for managing cookies is slightly different for each internet browser, so please check the specific steps in the “help” menu of your web browser. Since cookies are browser-specific, you may need to manage your cookies preferences across all the web browsers you use.
You also may be able to reject device identifiers by activating the appropriate setting on your mobile device, as available. The procedure for managing device identifiers is slightly different for each device, so please check the specific steps in the documentation relating to the device you use.
Interest-based advertising tools
You can opt out of seeing online interest-based advertising from participating companies through the US Digital Advertising Alliance and or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe (web browsers), or Appchoices (apps only).
Opting out does not mean you will not see advertising – it means you will not see personalized advertising from the companies that participate in the opt-out programs. Also, if you delete cookies on your device after you opted out, you will need to opt-out again.
Google™ Cookies
We use Google Analytics, which is a Google service that uses cookies and other data collection technologies to collect information about your use of the website and services in order to report website trends.
You can opt out of Google Analytics by visiting https://google.com/settings/ads or by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Updates to this Policy
We reserve the right to update this Cookies Policy from time to time in order to reflect any changes to our Sites or to comply with changes in our legal and/or regulatory obligations. We will post the revised version on the Site, with an updated revision date. Where such changes to our Cookies Policy are substantial, we will also notify you by other means prior to the changes taking effect, such as by sending you an email notification. By continuing to use our Site thirty days after such revisions are in effect, you will be deemed to accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.
Contact
If you have any question or would like to enquire about SPX’s Cookies practices and this Policy, please contact us at:
SPX Corporation
Attn: Privacy Center
Address: 13320-A Ballantyne Corporate Place, Charlotte, NC 28277
Email: Privacy@spx.com
Phone: 980-474-3700
Footer
About SPX
SPX Corporation is a supplier of highly engineered products and technologies, holding leadership positions in the HVAC, detection and measurement, and engineered solutions markets. Based in Charlotte, North Carolina, SPX Corporation had approximately $1.5 billion in annual revenue in 2019 and over 4,500 employees in 17 countries. SPX Corporation is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “SPXC.”
Useful Links
Terms of Use
Privacy
Cookies
Site Map
Contact Us
980-474-3700