http://www.apex-consulting.co.uk/privacy-statement?hsLang=en
About us
Methodology
Services
Fieldwork
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Apex Healthcare Consulting are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy policy explains what information is collected about you, how we use this information, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of the information, and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
The information we collect and how we use it
If you contact us (either online, in person, via telephone, fax or letter) and provide any personal data (such as name, address, telephone number etc) then this information will only be used in the course of providing service to you. We will not send unsolicited communications to you unless you explicitly give your consent. Also, we will not pass any of your personal details on to third parties unless it is necessary to facilitate your enquiry.
In addition to any personal data you might supply to us, we collect aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us develop the site and our services and we may provide such aggregate information to third parties. These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify any individual.
Cookies
‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information between a web server and a web browser, which enable the server to collect information from the browser. The Apex Healthcare Consulting website uses cookies to enable us to provide the mechanisms for online browsing and to monitor traffic. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information.
How we protect your information
The Internet is not a secure medium. However, we have put in place various security procedures to help ensure that your information is as secure as is possible.
We also keep your information confidential. Our internal procedures cover the storage, access and disclosure of your information.
How to contact Apex Healthcare Consulting
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you wish, you may contact us with any queries or comments, our details are below:
1a Shirburn Street, Watlington, Oxfordshire, OX49 5BU, UK.Telephone: 01491 612783. Fax: 01491 614602. Email: info@apex-consulting.co.uk
Copyright 2020 Apex Consulting. Privacy Statement | Disclaimer.