http://www.rochesterindustrialservices.com/policy
Contact Us!
Name*
Company Name
Phone*
Email*
Question*
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
Submit
Contact Us!
Contact Us!
Name*
Company Name
Phone*
Email*
Question*
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
Privacy Policy and
Terms of Service apply.
Submit
Home
Policy
Fair and Honest Policy
Three things we hear most often from new customers:
What's it gonna cost?
We will provide a no charge evaluation and have a repair quote for you the same day the unit is received.
How long is it gonna take?
Repairs are typically 10 days or less.. Expedite service is available.
What's the warranty?
1 year cover to cover warranty.. no questions asked.
We'll make this as clear as we can:
RIS: Best price every time
You don't even have to ask!
RIS: We deliver on time
Always fast turn around; expedited service available!
RIS: We've got you covered
Our Fair & Honest Warranty is all you'll ever need!
At RIS, we give you our Fair and Honest Pricing, our Fair and Honest Warranty, and world-class service every day, 24 / 7 / 365.
RIS: Great Service, Best Price Every Time
You don’t even have to ask!
PRIVACY POLICY:
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect Personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically Receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone
SECURITY POLICY
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software Available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal Information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
REFUND POLICY
Depending on the repair, we offer a One Year warranty. In some cases we hold the right to charge for a repair. (Company discretion). In this case, we will not charge the Customer until the repair has been completed.
To learn more about how we can expedite the repair and upkeep of your commercial or industrial equipment, or to get a free estimate on any of our services, call Rochester Industrial Services Inc today at 888-349-4638, or write to us through our website’s contact page.
Contact Us Contact Us
SORRY FOLKS—WE DON'T REPAIR CONSUMER PRODUCTS. Rochester Industrial Services, Inc. is an industrial repair facility. We repair, refurbish, maintain, and service all types of industrial and commercial equipment. Unfortunately, we are NOT set up for repair of household items
NOTICE: Rochester Industrial Services, Inc. is an independent repair facility and is neither affiliated with nor endorsed by any particular equipment manufacturer listed on our website. Any and all trademarks, trademark names, and service marks remain the property of their respective original equipment manufacturers. We do not influence nor are we in any way involved with the original equipment manufacturers. We do not control any facet of the manufacturing, distribution, or repair processes engaged by the OEM for any equipment listed on our website. Unless specifically noted, we do not offer factory authorized warranty service for any item.
All content provided on this website is Copyright 2002-2020 © Rochester Industrial Services, Inc. All rights reserved.
Contact Us
Call Us