https://www.kieselmann.com/general-content/privacy-policy/#c5691
PRODUCTS
Tubing
Tubes DIN EN 10357
Pipes DIN EN 11866
Tubes DIN EN ISO 1127
Tubes DIN EN 10217-7
Square and rectangular stainless steel profiles
Profile steel
Pipe connections
Pipe fittings
Mounting accessories
Aseptic pipe connections
Valve technology
Butterfly valves
Leakage butterfly valves
Double-seat valves
Ball valves
Control valves
KI-DS Single-seat valves
KI-DS overflow valves
GEMBRA aseptic valves
Aseptic sampling valves
Aseptic small seat valves
Control heads
k-flex Seal system
Tank fittings
Bunging valves
Pressure compensation valves
Tank top units
Safety valve
Cleaning technology
Spray nozzle
DUNOS-R surge cleaner
DUNOS-RB nozzle spray head
DUNOSR-VAL surge cleaner
DUNOS-O target jet cleaner
DUNOS-RN rotational cleaners
Surge cleaners for aggressive media
Other fittings
Filters
Inspection lanterns
Inline programme
Sight glass
Dirt trap
Right angle tube strainer
Downloads
Product catalogue
Product data sheets
UNITS
Process systems
CIP systems
Flash Pasteurisation Systems
HGB systems
Pigging technology
hygienically
aseptic
Valve manifolds
hygienically
aseptic
Blind insert
Distribution systems
Distribution panels
Pipe fences
KIESELMANN
Company
Who we are
Timeline
Founding family
Site development
Values
quality
Production
Sustainability
Site
News
Company
Products
Exhibitions
INSIGHTS
Contact
Germany
International
Getting Here
FLUID PROCESS GROUP
Company group
Partners
ANLAGENBAU
Engineering Company
Who we are
What we do
Industries
Food
Breweries
Beverages
Liquid and pasty media
Services
Process systems and units
Automation of process systems
Virtual Reality Brewing Cellar
Contact
Contact person
PHARMATEC
Company
Who we are
Services
Process systems and units for pharmaceuticals and biotech
Automation
Contact
Contact person
languages
DE
EN
FR
CN
RU
Find
Quick find
Contact
KIESELMANN Germany
KIESELMANN International
Catalogue
Online catalogue
Downloads
Product data sheets
Privacy PolicyThe operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal data. As far as personal data (e.g. name, address or email addresses) is collected on our website, this is always carried out on a voluntary basis as far as possible. This data will not be disclosed to third parties without your explicit consent.Please note that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when communicating via email) may have security vulnerabilities. It is not possible to completely protect the data from being accessed by third parties.†Information according to ß 5 TMGThe person responsible within the meaning of the basic data protection regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states and other data protection regulations is:Kieselmann GmbH Paul-Kieselmann-Str. 4ñ10 75438 Knittlingen Telefon +49 (7043) - 371-0 Telefax +49 (7043) - 371 -125
info@kieselmann.deggpi www.kieselmann.de Represented by:Klaus DohleData Protection Officer J¸rgen Schuler SiCOM AG Babenh‰user Straﬂe 12a 63762 Groﬂostheim Telefon +49 60269 7887-0 j.1oschuler@sicom-agozp.de18 www.sicom-ag.de† CookiesThe websites make use of so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies are used to make our service more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved in your browserMost of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies". They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies allow us to recognise your browser the next time you visit.You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, can exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases or generally and enable the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.†Server Log FilesThe provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are: Browser type and browser versionOperating system usedReferrer URL Host name of the accessing computerTime of the server requestThis data cannot be assigned to specific persons. This data will not be merged with any other data sources. We reserve the right to check this data retrospectively, if we become aware of specific indications for illegal use.†Contact formIf you send us enquiries via the contact form, your details from the enquiry form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored in order to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. We will not share this information without your consent†Google AnalyticsThis website uses features of the web analytics service Google Analytics. The provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there.IP anonymization We have activated the IP anonymization function on this website. As a result, your IP address will be truncated by Google within Member States of the European Union or other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator related to the use of the website and the internet. The IP address submitted by your browser with regard to Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data.Browser PluginYou can prevent the storage of cookies by selecting the relevant settings on your browser software; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all the features of this website to the fullest extent possible. You can also prevent Google from capturing the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address), as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=deObjection to data collectionYou can prevent Google Analytics from capturing your data by clicking on the following link. Deactivate Google-Analytics.An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent the collection of your data on future visits to this site:
Deactivating Google AnalyticsFor more information on how to handle user data in Google Analytics, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de Order data processingWe have entered into an order data processing agreement with Google and are fully implementing the strict requirements of the German data protection authorities when using Google Analytics. Demographic characteristics in Google AnalyticsThis website uses the "demographic characteristics" feature of Google Analytics. As a result, reports can be produced that contain statements on the age, gender and interests of website visitors. This data comes from Google's interest-based advertising and third-party visitor data. This data cannot be assigned to a specific person. You can disable this feature at any time through the ad settings in your Google Account, or generally prohibit the collection of your data by Google Analytics as outlined in the section "Objection to Data Collection".†Google Maps This website uses Google Maps to display interactive maps and to create directions. Google Maps is a map service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, USA. By using Google Maps, information about the use of this website, including your IP address and the (start) address entered as part of the route planner function, may be transmitted to Google in the USA. When you visit a website on our website that contains Google Maps, your browser establishes a direct connection with Google's servers. The map content is transmitted by Google directly to your browser and integrated into the website by it. We therefore have no influence on the extent of the data collected in this way by Google. According to our state of knowledge, this is at least the following data: Date and time of the visit to the relevant website, Internet address or URL of the website accessed, IP address, (start) address entered as part of route planning. We have no influence on the further processing and use of the data by Google and can therefore assume no responsibility for this. If you do not want Google to collect, process or use data about you via our website, you can deactivate JavaScript in your browser settings. In this case, however, you cannot use the map display. The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Google as well as your rights in this regard and setting options to protect your privacy can be found in Google's data protection information (https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en). By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google Maps Routenplaner in the manner and for the purposes set out above.†Facebook plugins (Like button)Our website integrates plugins from the social network Facebook, provider Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA. The Facebook plugins can be recognised by the Facebook logo or the "Likeî button on our site. An overview of the Facebook plugins can be found here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.When you visit our website, the plugin establishes a direct connection between your browser and the Facebook server. This gives Facebook the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook "Likeî button while you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the contents of our website to your Facebook profile. This allows Facebook to assign the visit to our website to your user account. We would like to point out that as the website provider, we do not receive any knowledge of the contents of the transmitted data and its use by Facebook. For more information, see the Facebook privacy policy at https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php.If you do not want Facebook to be able to assign your visit to our website to your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook account.†LinkedInOur website uses features of the social network LinkedIn. The provider is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Each time you visit one of our pages that contains LinkedIn features, it will connect to LinkedIn servers. LinkedIn is informed that you have visited our web pages with your IP address. If you click LinkedIn's "Recommend Button" and are logged into your LinkedIn account, LinkedIn will be able to associate your visit to our website with you and your user account. We would like to point out that as the website provider, we do not receive any knowledge of the contents of the transmitted data and its use by LinkedIn. For more information, see the LinkedIn privacy policy at:
https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy†XINGOur website uses features of the social network XING. The provider is XING AG, Dammtorstraﬂe 29-32, 20354 Hamburg, Germany. Each time you visit one of our pages that contains XING features, it will connect to XING servers. To our knowledge, the recording of personal data does not take place. In particular, no IP addresses are stored and user behaviour is not evaluated.Further information on data protection and the XING Share button can be found in XING's privacy policy at:
https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection†YouTube Our website uses plugins from the Google-operated site YouTube. The operator of the site is YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA. If you visit one of our sites equipped with a YouTube plugin, you will be connected to the YouTube servers. The YouTube server will be informed which of our pages you visited.If you are logged into your YouTube account, YouTube allows you to assign your browsing behaviour directly to your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.For more information on the handling of user data, please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy:
https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy†Right of access, deletion, blockingAt any time you have the right to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of the data processing and a right to correct, block or delete this data. For further information on personal data you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.†Objection to advertising emailsThe use of contact information published in the context of the imprint obligations for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby rejected. The operators of the website expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, for example through spam emails.†Source: e-recht24.de