http://www.leaseurope.org/privacy-policy-0
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy policy
Article 4(1) of the GDPR defines personal data as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject) who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Leaseurope is the data controller and its office is registered at Boulevard Louis Schmidt 87, 1040 Etterbeek, Brussels, Belgium.
To process your data, Leaseurope relies upon on one of the following lawful legal bases (as set out in Article 6 of the GDPR):
Consent
Performance of contract
Legitimate interest
Compliance with a legal obligation
Public interest
Your personal data may be gathered during your visit to our website, including:
Contact details, i.e. e-mail address, and full name (first name & surname) if opting to subscribe to our newsletters. The data is kept until the user chooses to unsubscribe to the newsletter or that our system indicates that the e-mail address is no longer active.
Provided data in relation to enquiries sent to Leaseurope. Relevant personal data are kept for the duration of following up to said enquiry.
Job title, full name (first name & surname), work contact details (e-mail address & phone number) of users opting to use the extended services available to Leaseurope members on the website. This personal data is kept for the duration of the work relationship or until we are notified that you no longer wish to use such extra services.
When visiting the Leaseurope website, data relating to your computer may be recorded through the use of a cookie. By using cookies and gathering this information, Leaseurope can provide for a better user experience, adapting them to your preferences, and to facilitate an easier and better use of the Leaseurope website on subsequent return visits.
Your internet browser will normally allow you to erase chosen cookies from your computer or to block them. Further information on this can be obtained by utilising the help function of your browser.
If opting to refuse the use of a cookie, we may be unable to ensure that our website and its functions will work properly.
Cookies are currently used for the following purposes on the Leaseurope website:
Necessary technical cookies which enable you to navigate through our website and use its features
Performance cookies which collect data on the use of the website, e.g. on the number of visitors, time spent by users on a webpage and error notifications. For this, we use Google Analytics
Functional cookies which enable the activation of specific features of the website to improve your experience when visiting the website
Leaseurope expressly informs and guarantees users that their personal details will not be forwarded to third parties which would not bring sufficient guarantees of compliance with the GDPR and that before forwarding personal details, it will request the express, informed and unequivocal consent of the owners of the same.
Personal data users will not under any circumstances be forwarded to third parties for commercial purposes other than those expressly mentioned in this statement.
As set out by the GDPR, you have a number of rights relating to your personal data.
Consent: Upon subscription to our newsletter, you will get a confirmation notice and you will also have the ability to easily unsubscribe from our mailing list.
Notification of Cookie Use: When you first visit our website, we will display a consent banner that clearly shows how we use cookies on our site.
Right of Access: you have a right to access your personal data and may do so simply by writing to Leaseurope using the contact details below.
Right of Rectification: you have the right to correct any personal data that is inaccurate or incomplete. Corrections may be requested simply by writing to Leaseurope at the address shown below (contact information).
Erasure Requests: Requests to be forgotten are made easy simply by writing to Leaseurope at the address shown below (contact information). All personal data associated with you will no longer be retrievable.
Right to Data Portability: you may request your personal data by writing to Leaseurope at the address shown below (contact information).
Right to restrict data processing: if you do not want your data to be processed by Leaseurope but you don’t want it to be erased either, you can request that your personal data only be hosted without being processed anymore.
Right to object: you have the right to object to any kind of data processing, including automated individual decision-making.
If you no longer wish to receive e-mail communications from us, you may, at any time, chose to cancel the relevant subscription by clicking the Unsubscribe link found at the end of each e-mailing received from Leaseurope or by providing such request by e-mail or through relevant and common means of communication.
If you no longer want to use the extended extra services available through the Leaseurope website for its membership, you may, at any time, chose to cancel this service by clicking the "delete user" link found under your user profile on the Leaseurope intranet or by providing such request by e-mail or through relevant and common means of communication.
If you believe that your information is not handled correctly, it is possible for you to file a complaint with a data protection authority in a country of your choice, e.g. in your country of residence or with the Belgian Data Protection Authority.
Belgian Data Protection Authority, Rue de la Presse 35, 1000 Brussels
Phone: +32 2 274 48 00, contact [at] apd-gba.be
For any request, enquires or further questions, please do not hesitate to contact j.debruyne [at] leaseurope.org (Julie Debruyne) or write to us at our registered address:
Leaseurope, Boulevard Louis Schmidt 87, 1040 Etterbeek, Belgium
Share on Facebook
Share on linkedIn
Share on Twitter
Copy link