http://www.e-leran.com/info/help-budgeting
Close
Ready to Buy?
Call us today at 1-888-820-6511 to set up your new account or create a web login for your existing account.
If you need assistance, please
contact us.
Sign up for emails regarding the benefits, cost-savings, and solutions of being a Home Depot Pro customer.
Preferences have been saved!
* All fields are required.
Email*
First Name*
Last Name*
Company Name*
Do you have an existing account?*
If yes, please enter your account #:
Sign-up for email updates.
Thank You!
We appreciate you signing up. Please check your email within a few hours for confirmation.
Customer Credit Available
Accelerate your business's options and take it the next level when you open a credit line with Home Depot Pro. Download our credit application to apply.
Need Assistance?
Visit our help center for useful tips on placing online orders, using web features, and more.
Visit Help Center
Privacy Policy
Home
Budgeting
Help Center
Getting Started
Register/Create a Website Login
Logging In
Reset Password
Placing an Order
Finding Products
Add Products to Your Cart
Promotional Codes
Checking Out
Website Icon Reference
Video Tutorials
Benefits of Ordering Online
Basics of Web Ordering
Productivity Tools
Favorites Lists
Order History
Intro to Budgeting
Intro to Work Flow Management
Mobile Applications
My Account
Access Account Dashboard
Order Approval Workflow
Budgeting
Customized Product Offering
eShowroom
Web Tools
Favorites Lists
Bin Labels
Bulk Quick Add
Custom Catalogs
Reporting Tools
Orders & Quotes
Account History
Track My Order
My Quotes
Special Orders
Frequently Asked Questions
Frequently Asked Questions
Registering
Logging In & Updating Your Account
Ordering
Product Information
Technical Questions
General Information
Product Recalls
Contact Us For Help.
Call Us1-888-820-6511
Email Us
Budgeting
Please note that the Advanced
Administrator Tools require special setup of your web profile as an Account
Administrator. Please contact Customer Service to enable this role for you.
We’ve added Budgeting tools that allow you to set your own spending limits and controls so that you
adhere to your budget on every order. We'll even notify you when you are close
to your budget's threshold—you determine the timing of the alerts. You can
choose to track purchases using Blanket Purchase Orders or your own General
Ledger codes. With our new online budgeting features, we’re more than just your
supplier; we're your long-term business partner committed to helping you
efficiently monitor and control your expenditures.
Existing Plans Any plans you’ve created will show
up in one of the following tabs.  You can
edit or remove listed plans.
Active Plans: Plans that start with a date in the present or past and end
with a date in the present or future.
Future Plans: Plans that have a start and end date in the future.
Inactive Plans: Plans that have a start and end date in the past.
Incomplete Plans: Plans that you have started to create but didn't
finish all of the steps in the process.
Types of Budget
GL Code with Budget Plan - This budget contains all of the features of our GL Code Tracking—plus it
allows you to define budgets and set spending alerts for each of your unique GL
codes.
GL Code Tracking Plan - This budget type gives your company a detailed view of spend by allowing your
staff to make purchases against your company's specific GL Codes, while
tracking them over a specific period of time.
Blanket PO Budget - This budget type allows you to track all purchases made by your employees using
one PO.
GL Code with Budget
To create a GL Code Budget, select
"Start
GL Code Budget."  Input a name for your GL Code Budget.
You will now be prompted to select
the reporting periods for this plan. Select the budget start date using the
pop-up calendar, and a number of periods to appear on this budget.  In the next step, you can select start dates
for each period, which will automatically populate the end date for prior
periods.  You will still need to enter an
end date for the last period.
You can now map your GL codes by
selecting "Add Row" and then entering "Your GL Code" and
"Your GL Code Description" in the provided fields. As you or others
make purchases against the budget, you may want to be alerted when a certain
percentage of the budget has been spent. By setting a threshold, you can
determine at what spend level you would like to be notified and an email alert
will be sent to help you decide whether the order should be processed or not.
From the dropdown menu, select the Alert Type and Alert % Threshold at which
you would like to be notified.  You may
also have an email alert sent to others, in order for them, to be notified that
the threshold is being met or exceeded. If you want to send others an alert,
select Yes under Send Additional Alert Email(s), and then enter their email
addresses in the Alert Email Addresses box. You can enter up to nine emails,
separated by a comma with no spaces.
The View Assigned Categories
Selector is now available for the GL Code you created. There are two ways to
assign your categories. You can select the entire category such as Appliances
or specific product categories, such as Cabinetry and Ceiling Coverings.
Categories selected will move to the right side of the window. Repeat these
steps for any additional GL codes you would like assigned. Once you're done
selecting your categories, click "Save".
If you would like to remove a row
select "Remove Row". Rows will be deleted starting from the last row.
Any categories not assigned to one
of your GL codes will remain linked to a generic Unassigned Categories GL code
(999999). You, as an Administrator, will receive an email alert when an
unassigned product is purchased. In order to send additional email alerts to
others in your organization, select "Yes" under "Emails".
You can enter up to nine additional email addresses, separated by a comma with
no spaces. Once you have completed assigning your codes and entering additional
email addresses, click "Next".
You can now set the budget amounts
for each period by GL Code. Click in the field under each period and enter the
budget dollar amount for that period. As you enter the budget dollar amounts,
the totals for each GL Code budget will appear to the right. Once you have
entered all budget dollar information for each period, click "Start GL
Code Tracking w/Budgeting".
Please note that once you click "Start GL Code Tracking
w/Budgeting", you will only be able to edit the GL Code description and associated categories. You cannot change the GL Codes once the budget has
started.
Creating
a GL Code Tracking Plan
To create a GL Code Tracking Plan,
click "Start
GL Code Tracking.” Input a name for your GL Code Tracking
Plan.
You will now be prompted to select
the reporting periods for this plan. Select the budget start date using the
pop-up calendar, and a number of periods to appear on this budget.  In the next step, you can select start dates
for each period, which will automatically populate the end date for prior
periods.  You will still need to enter an
end date for the last period.
You can now add your GL codes to
your budget by selecting "Add Row" and then entering "Your GL
Code" and "Your GL Code Description" in the required fields. To
assign a category to a GL Code, click on "Assign Categories".
The View Assigned Categories
Selector is now available for the GL Code you created. There are two ways to
assign your categories. You can select the entire category such as Appliances
or specific product categories, such as Cabinetry and Ceiling Coverings.
Categories selected will move to the right side of the window. Repeat these
steps for any additional GL codes you would like assigned. Once you're done
selecting your categories, click "Save".
If you would like to remove a row
select "Remove Row". Rows will be deleted starting from the last row.
Any categories not assigned to one
of your GL codes will remain linked to a generic Unassigned Categories GL code
(999999). You, as an Administrator, will receive an email alert when an
unassigned product is purchased. In order to send additional email alerts to
others in your organization, select "Yes" under "Emails".
You can enter up to nine additional email addresses, separated by a comma with
no spaces.
Once you have completed assigning
your codes and entering additional email addresses, click "Start GL Code
Tracking".
Creating a Blanket PO Budget
To create a Blanket PO Budget, click "Start
Blanket PO Budget.” Input a name for your Blanket PO
Budget.
Enter your PO number and the dollar limit for this budget. Then, select your start and end dates by clicking on the
calendar or by manually entering the date. Then click "Next".
Next you will set alerts for your Blanket PO. You have two options for alerts, a hard alert, that once met, will
require the order to be submitted as a quote for approval or a soft alert which
will generate an email alert when your threshold is met. Once you determine
your alert type, you will need to set a threshold that states when you would
like to be alerted. For example, if you have a total budget amount of $1000 and
a soft alert, with a threshold of 50%, once your budget hits $500 you will
receive an email notifying you that your threshold was met.
You also have the option to send an email alert to others so they can be notified as well. If you would like to
send others an alert, select "Yes" under the Send Additional Email
Alert(s), and then enter their email addresses in the Alert Email Addresses
box. You can enter up to nine emails separated by a comma, with no spaces. Now
you are ready to get started, click "Create Budget".