https://www.idwarehouse.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-usage
01268 886613
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Personal Protection
Printer Toners & Inks
Brother Toners & Inks
Canon Toners & Inks
Dell Toners & Inks
HP Toners & Inks
IBM Toners & Inks
Kyocera Toners & Inks
Lanier Toners & Inks
Lexmark Toners & Inks
OKI Toners & Inks
Ricoh Toners & Inks
Sharp Toners & Inks
Sindoh Toners & Inks
Toshiba Toners & Inks
Xerox Toners & Inks
Show All Printer Toners & Inks
ID Card Printing
Complete ID Systems
ID Card Printers
Identity Cards
ID Printer Consumables
ID Card Software
ID Card Accessories
ID Card Bureau Service
Show All ID Card Printing
Biometrics & Security
Physical Access Control
Signature Capture Devices
Show All Biometrics & Security
CD/DVD Printing & Duplication
Printers & Burners
Ink Cartridges
Thermal Ribbons
Printer & Burner Accessories
Printable Discs
CD Bureau Service
Show All CD/DVD Printing & Duplication
Label Printers & Applicators
Colour Label Printers
Label Applicators
Ink Cartridges
FX400e/FX500e/FX510e Foil
Primera Label Stock
Label Printer Accessories
Show All Label Printers & Applicators
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy, together with the Terms of Use and other documents referred to, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.This web site is owned and operated by or on behalf of Bannerbridge ltd,. (“We”, “Us” and “Our”, as appropriate in the text). We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time, so please check this web-page regularly for updates.We will not collect any personal information about you without your consent. We may invite you to provide us with personal information in order to provide you with services such as an enquiry response, e-mail newsletters, invitations to events and other information updates. In order to process and fulfil orders, we may also obtain personal information about you (such as your name and email address), if you are a customer of our business or you work for a customer of our business. In order to deliver some or all of the services referred to above, we will need to process and store your personal information and may need to transfer it for such processing outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to other employees or companies for the purposes of improving communication and disclosures relating to us and our international business activities, the fulfilment of customer orders and the processing of payment details. Please note that some countries outside the EEA may not offer the same level of legal protection for personal information as countries within the EEA. By submitting your personal information on this web site, you consent to such processing and transfers in connection with such services and for any other purposes to which you consent at the time you provide the information. Where we need to transfer your information to entities in any countries outside the EEA, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that such information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy.In order to protect your privacy, we take appropriate security measures in the storage and disclosure of personal information, so as to prevent unauthorised access by third parties. We endeavour to ensure that any party to which we transfer information has similar security measures. However, the Internet is not a totally secure medium and you acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible for any unauthorised use, distribution, damage or destruction of personal data, except to the extent that such an event has been caused by our negligence or breach. Our responsibilities and your rights may vary according to local laws.In the event that we transfer the business which provides products and services to you, to another supplier, you also agree that your data may be transferred to that supplier.If you do not agree with this privacy policy or any of the uses of data that we set out above, you should not submit your personal information on this web site. If you want to stop receiving communications from us, please follow the instructions that appear on the emails or other communications that we send to you in order to be unsubscribed from our contact list. If you have any questions about our use of data please send an e-mail to us or write to the Data Protection Officer, Bannerbridge ltd, 24 Hornsby Sq, Southfields Industrial Park, Basildon, SS15 6SD, United Kingdom.
This site uses cookies to improve functionality & performance.
Allow All
Settings