https://www.cfainstitute.org/en/programs/cfa/policies
We’re using cookies, but you can turn them off in Privacy Settings. If you use the site without changing settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn more in our Privacy Policy.
Privacy Settings
×
For the latest information on upcoming exams, please visit our CFA Exam Updates page.
Visit CFA Exam Updates page
Skip to Content
CFA Institute
CFA Institute Programs
CFA Program
Policies and Procedures
Policies and Procedures
Our policies and procedures protect the integrity of CFA® Program, ensuring the exam process is fair for all candidates. It is your responsibility to read and understand all policies set forth by CFA Institute.
Privacy Settings
Functional cookies, which are necessary for basic site functionality like keeping you logged in, are always enabled.
Allow analytics tracking. Analytics help us understand how the site is used, and which pages are the most popular. Read the Privacy Policy to learn how this information is used.
Save Settings
Close Modal
Policies
Applicable for Both Exam Types
Paper-Based Testing (PBT) Policies
Computer-Based Testing (CBT) Policies
Calculator Policy
Admission and Departure Policy PBT
Admission and Appointment Policy CBT
Identification Policy
Answer Sheet and Exam Book Policy PBT
Candidate Agreement Feb 2021 (PDF)
Candidate Agreement May, Aug, Nov 2021 (PDF)
Identification Document Exceptions
Candidate Agreement June 2020 (PDF)
Candidate Agreement Dec 2020 (PDF)
Eligibility Policy CBT
OFAC Compliance Policy
Personal Belongings Policy PBT
Personal Belongings Policy CBT
Refunds, Deferrals, and Withdrawals
Security Policy CBT
Testing Accommodations Candidate Acknowledgement Policy
Procedures
Admission Ticket Information (paper-based exam only)
Learn how to access your exam admission ticket and how to get admitted to your exams.
Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Conduct
The Code of Ethics and Standards of Professional Conduct (Code and Standards) are the ethical benchmark for investment professionals around the globe. As a CFA Institute member, CFA Program candidate, or CIPM® Program candidate you are required to follow the Code and Standards.
COVID exam procedures (paper-based exam)
View our modified exam day procedures that incorporates social distancing and increased safety measures due to the global COVID-19 pandemic.
Disability Accommodations
CFA Institute is committed to offering the CFA exam in a manner and location accessible to individuals with disabilities, in compliance with legal regulations. Learn about the requirements for requesting disability accommodations.
Misconduct and Rules Violations
If you engage in any misconduct during the CFA exam, you may be dismissed from the test center and subject to other penalties. Read all Misconduct and Rules Violations.
Payment Methods and Print Curriculum
CFA Program Payment Methods
Learn what payment methods are accepted for the CFA Program. All payments must be made in US dollars.
CFA Program Print Curriculum Information
A print version of the CFA Program curriculum is available for purchase. The print version provides the curriculum as a set of six volumes. Shipping and customs fees apply.
Customs Fees and Shipping
Customs fees may be required for CFA Program curriculum shipments to international customers.
Take the Next Step in Your Career
Enroll and register for the CFA exam.
Enroll and Register