http://www.pwc.com/us/en/site/privacy-shield.html
Privacy shield statement: PwC
PwC | United States
Search
Search
Share
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Menu
Sign in
or
Create your account
to benefit from:
Register and add content to your list
Start adding content to your list by clicking on the star icon included in each card
When you join PwC you can also:
Set preferences for tailored content suggestions across the site
Access premium content
Select a list
Create new list
Manage your lists
Edit this list
Share this list
Share this list
Add content to your list
Start adding content to your list by clicking on the star icon included in each card
Welcome to PwC
Sign in
or
Register
Sign in
or
Create your account
to:
Access premium contentSet preferences for tailored content suggestions across the siteSave content to reading lists
Share this page
PwC's website privacy shield statement
Close
Start adding items to your reading lists:
Sign in
or
Create your account
Close
Save this item to:
Close
This item has been saved to your reading list.
Overview
As set forth in PwC's Global Code of Conduct: "We respect the confidentiality and privacy of our clients, our people and others with whom we do business."
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and its affiliated US subsidiaries (“PwC,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) complies with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (the “Principles”).  PwC has certified that it adheres to the Principles with respect to personal information (as described below) that is transferred from the European Union and its Member States, the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland (“EU”) to the United States.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Shield Policy and the Principles, the Principles shall govern.  PwC U.S. is subject to investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
This Privacy Shield Policy applies to personal information within the scope of PwC’s Privacy Shield certification, which covers the following categories of information:
Personal information regarding current, former and prospective partners, principals and employees for the purposes of operating and managing PwC, performing human resource administration and maintaining contact with individuals.
Personal information regarding current, former and prospective clients and their personnel or others for the purposes of delivering PwC services, maintaining ongoing relationships and performing business development activities.
Personal information regarding our third parties (e.g., vendors, service providers, etc.) and their personnel for the purposes of managing and administering PwC’s business relationships with such third parties.
Additionally, PwC may, from time to time, collect personal information from the general public in order to answer inquiries or provide information requested.
For the purposes of this Privacy Shield Policy, “personal information” means information that is about, or pertains to a specific individual and can be linked either directly or indirectly to that individual.  In addition, certain personal information covered by PwC’s Privacy Shield certification may be subject to more specific privacy policies of PwC, which are also consistent with the requirements of the Principles, and in the case of any conflict between these policies and the Principles, the Principles will control.
For example:
Certain PwC websites maintain their own privacy policies that apply to personal information collected via those sites. These policies may be accessed through those websites.
Personal information obtained from or relating to clients or former clients is further subject to the terms of any specific privacy notice provided to the client, any contractual arrangements with the client and applicable laws and professional standards.
Individual Notice and Choice
We collect and process personal information from certain individuals and for the purposes described in this Privacy Shield Policy.  Personal information covered by this Privacy Shield Policy is collected and processed only as permitted by the Principles.
Notice to individuals regarding the personal information collected from them and how that information is used may be provided through this Privacy Shield Policy, other PwC website notices, or other direct forms of communication with appropriate parties, such as contracts or agreements.  Where necessary and appropriate, consent for personal information to be collected, used, and/or transferred may also be obtained through these same means of communication (including opt-in consent for sensitive personal information).
Disclosures & Accountability for Onward Transfers
Consistent with the Principles, PwC may transfer personal information to third parties, including transfers from one country to another.  We will only disclose an individual’s non-public personal information to third parties under one or more of the following conditions:
The disclosure is to a third party providing services to PwC, or to the individual, in connection with the operation of our business, and as consistent with the purpose for which the personal information was collected. We maintain written contracts with these third parties and require that these third parties provide at least the same level of privacy protection and security as required by the Privacy Shield Principles. To the extent provided by the Principles, PwC remains responsible and liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if a third-party that it engages to process personal information on its behalf does so in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless PwC proves that it is not responsible for the matter giving rise to the damage;
With the individual’s permission to make the disclosure;
Where required to the extent necessary to meet a legal obligation to which PwC is subject, including a lawful request by public authorities and national security or law enforcement obligations and applicable law, rule, order, or regulation.
Where reasonably necessary for compliance or regulatory purposes, or for the establishment of legal claims.
Access
Individuals whose personal information is covered by this Privacy Shield Policy have the right to access the personal information that PwC maintains about them as specified in the Principles. Individuals may contact us to correct, amend or delete such personal information if it is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Principles (except when the burden or expense of providing access, correction, amendment, or deletion would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated). Requests for access, correction, amendment or deletion should be sent to: us_privacy_office@pwc.com.
Security
PwC takes appropriate measures to protect personal information in its possession to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  These measures take into account the nature of the personal information and the risks involved in its processing, as well as best practices in the industry for security and data protection.
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
PwC collects and processes personal information only to the extent that it is compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the data subject.  PwC does not retain personal information after it no longer serves the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized.  PwC takes reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use.
Enforcement
In compliance with the Principles, PwC commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield Policy should first contact PwC at: us_privacy_office@pwc.com. PwC has a policy of responding to individuals within forty-five (45) days of an inquiry or complaint.  If an individual has an unresolved complaint or concern that is not addressed satisfactorily, that individual may contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge), the International Centre for Dispute Resolution/American Arbitration Association ("ICDR/AAA").  Please contact or visit ICDR/AAA for more information or to file a complaint.  If the dispute involved human resources personal information, or information collected in the context of an employment relationship, we will cooperate with the competent EU or Swiss data protection authorities and comply with the advice of such authorities.
You may have the option to select binding arbitration under the Privacy Shield Panel for the resolution of your complaint under certain circumstances.  For further information, please see the Privacy Shield website. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, and to view PwC’s certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov.
Modifications
PwC may update this Policy at any time by publishing an updated version here. We will not update this Privacy Shield Policy in contravention to the Principles so long as we remain certified to the Privacy Shield.
Privacy policy updated: March 1, 2019
Follow us
Audit and assurance
Consulting
Tax services
Newsroom
Alumni
US offices
Contact us
© 2017
- 2020 PwC. All rights reserved. PwC refers to the US member firm or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates, and may sometimes refer to the PwC network. Each member firm is a separate legal entity. Please see www.pwc.com/structure for further details.
Privacy
Privacy Shield
Cookies info
Legal
Terms and conditions
Site provider
Site map
Do Not Sell My Personal Information