https://www.lawson-engineers.com/privacy-policy/
facebook
twitter
linkedin2
google-plus
instagram
New build LARS for sale, available for immediate delivery. Find out more ×
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies only to this website (the “Site”). If you do not accept this privacy policy, you should not use this Site.
Collection of personal information
Lawson Engineers (lawson-engineers.com) collects personal information from you (such as name, address, telephone number, email address etc) when you complete contact and enquiry forms or send emails to us. Please do not submit your personal information to us if you do not wish us to collect it.
Right to Access
You have the right to request and obtain the information that is being collected from you and for what purpose this information is being collected. You may request an electronic version of all data Lawson Engineers has on you, please email enquiries@lawson-engineers.com to request this.
Right to Be Forgotten
You have the right to request that all data collected from you is removed. To request removal of all data collected please email enquiries@lawson-engineers.com.
Data Portability
You have the right to request, obtain, and/or transfer possession of collected data at any time.
Breach Notification
In the event of a breach or unauthorized access of personal data that is likely to “result in a risk for the rights and freedoms of individuals”, we will notify you within 72 hours.
Cookies and similar technology
Lawson Engineers (lawson-engineers.com) (the “Site”) also uses cookies and similar technical tools to collect information about your access to the Site and the services we provide.
A cookie is a small text file that contains a unique label or cookie ID number. When you visit a website that uses cookies, the website sends a cookie to you browser’s software and it is stored on your computer even after you leave the site. When you visit the website at a later date the cookie’s ID number is sent back to the website, allowing the website to recognise the user which can be really useful for you. This remembers you on repeat visits effectively letting you move around the Site without having to keep re-introducing yourself.
We use cookies to:
Remember that you have used the Site before; this means we can identify the number of unique visitors we receive to different parts of the Site. This allows us to make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get and make sure that the Site runs fast enough;Store your preferences or your user name and password so that you do not need to input these every time you visit the Site;Customise elements of the layout and/or content of the pages of the Site for you;Collect statistical information about how you use the Site so that we can improve the Site; andGather information about the pages on the Site that you visit, and also other information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in a “market segment”.
This information is only collected by reference to the IP address that you are using, but does include information about the county and city you are in, together with the name of your internet service provider.
Some of the cookies used by our Site are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services (such as interest based advertising directed at your market segment) on our behalf.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set.
Visiting www.allaboutcookies.org will provide information on settings within your browser as well as other useful information on cookies.
Please note however, that by blocking or deleting cookies used on the Site you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site if you do so.
If you continue using this Site we will assume that you are happy to receive all cookies and similar technical tools from this Site and reserve the right to amend, remove or add new cookies and similar technical tools at any time.
If you would like to disable and or prevent any cookies from this Site from being saved in your browser, then please follow the links below or consult with your internet browser provider.
General cookie management resources
www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookieswww.youronlinechoices.com/uk
Browser specific cookie management resources
Internet ExplorerGoogle ChromeMozilla FirefoxSafari