http://www.prest-o-sales.com/california-privacy
We use cookies to improve your browsing experience and help us improve our websites. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our use of such cookies.
Agree
Learn more
Need an Account?
Register
or
Login
Sign up for Email |
Need an Account?
Register
or
Login
Find A Branch
Customer Service
SDS Search
Careers
Cart (0)
Switch Account
Dashboard
My Lists
Orders
Reports
Invoices
Logout
Safety Products
Welding Products
Tools & Hardware
Gas Equipment
Gases
View All
Home/
California Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Dated January 2020
This Privacy Policy for California residents supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy of Airgas, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and other California privacy laws.
Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice.
Information We Collect
We may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, we may have collected some or all of the following categories of personal information within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Commercial information.
Records of products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
D. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
Personal information does not include:
Publicly available information from government records.
De-identified or aggregated consumer information.
Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.
Information about our Consumers is an important part of our business, and we do not sell consumer information to outside parties. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have not sold any personal information.
Your CCPA Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you one or more of the following (if applicable):
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, to the extent possible, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our services with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Emailing us at ipc@airgas.com
Mailing us at Airgas, Inc., Attn: Information Protection Coordinator, 259 North Radnor-Chester Road, Radnor, PA 19087
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Response Timing and Format
We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days after receiving such request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.
If we require more time (an additional 45 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account.
If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically.
Per the CCPA, any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt.
If we cannot comply with your request, we will also provide an explanation as to the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to Our California Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this policy, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our California Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Email: ipc@airgas.com
Postal Address: Airgas, Inc.
Attn: Information Protection Coordinator
259 North Radnor Chester Road
Radnor, PA 19087
Airgas
an Air Liquide company
Gas Supply
Cylinders
Liquid Cylinders
MicroBulk
Dynamic On-site Mixer
Jobsite Skid
Bulk
On-site Generation - FLOXAL
Solutions
Airgas OUTLOOK®
Airgas SupplySync
Welding Efficiency
Red-D-Arc
Welding Automation
Airgas Dry Ice
Safety Solutions
Industries
Construction
Metal Fabrication
Airgas Healthcare
Life Sciences
Energy & Chemicals
Primary Materials
Food
Retail
Beverage
Resources
Safety Notices
Safety Catalog
Offers & Rebates
SDS Search
COA Search
FAQs
Airgas Outlet
User Guides
Tutorials
Our Company
Overview
Careers
Newsroom
Events
Visit Parent Company
Sustainability
Contact
Customer Service
Connect with Sales
Find a Branch
Login
Register
Shop Products
COVID-19 Collection
Find A Branch
Industries
Solutions
Customer Service
Search Careers
Newsroom
See us on Twitter
Like us on Facebook
Check us out on LinkedIn
Read the latest industry news on Airgas Thinks
© 2020 Airgas, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
|Customer Service
||Privacy Policy
||Terms & Conditions
||Terms of Sale
||California Privacy Policy
|