http://www.gottfriedmedical.com/corporate/legal/terms-of-use.php
New Burn Garment Print
Pink Timber Fabric Print
New Burn Garment Print
Immediate Assistance: Toll Free: 800-537-1968
Outside the U.S: +1 419-474-2973
M - F • 8 am - 6 pm U.S. Eastern Time
|
Privacy Policy  |
Search  |
Site Map  |
Terms of Use
Website
Terms of Use
By accessing or using this Website
(http://www.gottfriedmedical.com) you agree to the Terms of
Use as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use this site.
Gottfried Medical, Inc. reserves the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion.
Your use of this Website will be subject to the most current version at the time of such use.
ERRATA: This Website may include technical inaccuracies or
typographical errors that will be corrected as they are discovered, or reported, at our sole
discretion.
OTHER WEBSITES: Gottfried Medical, Inc. is not responsible for the Terms of Use, and
makes no representations whatsoever about other Websites to which we may link, including (but not limited
to) Websites that may contain a link to (or information about) Gottfried Medical, Inc.
COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS & SERVICE MARKS:
This Website contains
copyrighted material, trademarks, service marks and other proprietary information. Gottfried Medical, Inc. claims
copyright to the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in
the content original to it.
All other Websites own the copyright in content original to them. Our use of same does not in any
way suggest endorsement of any kind whatsoever by said owner(s).
Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, you may not copy, redistribute,
publish, display or commercially exploit any material from this Website without the express permission
of Gottfried Medical, Inc., or the third party copyright owner.
All trademarks and service marks displayed on this Website remain the property of the registered or
otherwise owner(s). You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading any
copyrighted material.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY: This Website and the information, names,
images, pictures, logos and icons regarding or relating to products and services and links to any other
Service, or other Website content, are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS
AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind,
whether expressed or implied, including (but not limited to) the implied warranties of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. In no event will Gottfried Medical, Inc., its subsidiaries,
affiliates, contractors or their respective employees or agents, be liable for any damages whatsoever,
whether in an action of contract, negligence or other cause of action or theory of recovery whatsoever,
arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this Website, including without
limitation, Internet failures, computer equipment failures, telecommunication equipment failures, other
equipment failures, electrical power failures, special, indirect or consequential damages resulting
from loss of use, data or profits or otherwise, even if we are expressly advised of the possibility of
such damages.
GOVERNING LAW: This agreement shall be governed and interpreted under
the laws of the State of Ohio, USA, as now or hereafter may be in existence.
Customer acknowledges and understands and agrees that this agreement shall be construed and enforced
under the laws of the State of Ohio, USA. Customer represents that Customer understands that
Ohio courts are best suited for both interpretation and enforcement of Ohio law.
Customer further acknowledges that Gottfried Medical, Inc. is located in Lucas County, Ohio, USA and
that the Customer is aware of the exact geographic location of Lucas County within the state of Ohio, USA.
Customer further acknowledges that the agreement is both factually and legally made in Lucas County,
Ohio, USA. Customer further understands that any litigation may require that the
customer pay for the costs and expense of witnesses, travel, lodging, meals, attorney’s fees and
other unknown amounts necessary for the Customer to maintain any litigation. Customer accepts the
responsibility of bearing all of the above costs and any other necessary and properly related thereto
as part of the costs and economic burden of conducting business.
As a consequence of understanding all of the above, Customer agrees and understands that any
litigation commenced to enforce any term, condition, obligation, right or responsibility stated or
implied above shall be brought in Lucas County, Ohio, USA.
Privacy Policy text © RBR
Associates, all rights reserved. Used with permission.
Contact
Hours: M - F • 8 am - 6 pm EST
Toll-free: +1 800-537-1968
Outside the U.S.: +1 419-474-2973
Fax: +1 866-474-8822
Email:
Inquiries Director
Gottfried Medical, Inc.
2920 Centennial Rd.
Toledo OH 43617-1833
Geolocate
Global Links
Using the Gottfried Medical Website
Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
©  2020, Gottfried Medical, Inc., Inc. All rights reserved.