https://www.rptia.com/privacy-policy.html
Home About Contact
Home
Car Loans
Cash Advance
Title Loans
Debt Help
Personal Loans
Get A Loan
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the way in which RPTIA Credit Services gathers, uses, maintains and divulges details gathered from users (each, a "User") of the rptia.com internet site ("Site"). This privacy policy puts on the Site and all services and products provided by RPTIA Credit Services.
Personal Identification Information
We might collect personal identification information from Users in a range of methods, consisting of, however not restricted to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other tasks, services, functions, or resources we make available on our Site. Users might be requested, as suitable, name, email address, mailing address, telephone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect individual recognition information from Users just if they voluntarily submit such details to us. Users can always decline to supply personally recognition information, other than that it might prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal Identification Information
We might collect non-personal identification details about Users whenever they communicate with our Site. Non-personal identification information could consist of the browser name, the sort of computer system and technical information about Users implies of connection to our Site, such as the os and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar info.
Internet Browser Cookies
Our Site could use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's internet browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and often to track information about them. User may choose to set their internet browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they doing this, keep in mind that some parts of the Site could not work appropriately.
Exactly How We Use Collected Information
RPTIA Credit Services may gather and make use of Users personal information for the following purposes:
To process applications for the various financial programs that are supplied. We may use the details Users offer about themselves when putting an application only to supply service that the User requests. We do not share this details with outside parties other than to the level required to provide the service.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt proper data collection, storage and processing practices and security steps to secure versus unauthorized gain access to, modification, disclosure or damage of your individual info, username, password, deal information and data saved on our Site. Sensitive and private information exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL protected communication channel and is encrypted and shielded with digital signatures.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We may share aggregated information that you offer in order to get services, with our business partners and/or trusted affiliates for the purposes detailed above.
3rd Party Websites
Users might discover marketing or various other content on our Site that associated with the websites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other 3rd parties. We do not manage the content or links that appear on these websites and are exempt for the practices utilized by sites connected to or from our Site. In addition, these websites or services, including their content and links, may be continuously changing. These sites and services may have their own personal privacy policies and client service policies. Searching and communication on any other internet site, consisting of websites which have a connected to our Site, goes through that site's own terms and policies.
Compliance With Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Safeguarding the privacy of the extremely young is particularly essential. For that reason, we never gather or maintain details at our Site from those we really understand are under 18, and no part of our site is structured to attract anyone under 18.
Other Legal
THE OWNERS AND OPERATORS OF THIS WEBSITE ARE NOT LENDER.  RPTIA does not broker loans or make credit decisions, and nothing on this website is an offer or a solicitation to lend.  Any information you submit to this site may be shared with one or more lenders that fully comply with all applicable laws and regulations. The operator of this website is not an agent or representative of any lender and does not charge you for any service or product.  RPTIA does not guarantee that you will be matched with a lender, or that that your application will be approved by a lender. If your application is approved by a lender, RPTIA cannot guarantee the approval amount. The lender may perform a credit check and/or verify the applicant's identity. Additionally, the owners and operators of this website do not give financial or legal advice. We strongly encourage all loan applicants to be fully informed of the loan terms and conditions of their lender, and to understand the possible implications of late payments and/ non-payment. Any late payment or non-payment may result in additional fees, collection activities, or both. If at any time, financial advice is required, we suggest that you contact an accountant, or other certified financial adviser.
Modifications To This Privacy Policy
RPTIA Credit Services has the discernment to upgrade this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will change the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to often examine this page for any changes to remain notified about exactly how we are assisting to secure the individual information we collect. You acknowledge and concur that it is your duty to assess this privacy policy regularly and become aware of adjustments.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you represent your acceptance of this policy. If you do not accept this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the uploading of modifications to this policy will be deemed your approval of those modifications.
Last Updated: August 25, 2016
Your privacy matters!
At RPTIA we take online privacy very
seriously and take every effort to provide
you with a safe and pleasant experience.
For more information about how we use
your information and process online
applications read all information here.
safe & secure
Your Information is Secure
Anytime you apply for a loan using our online application you will be applying on our secure web server.
All applications are taken on our secure server and then encrypted as it is delivered to your loan officer.
To further protect our customers, no information is stored on our server.
Fast & Easy Online Approvals
Programs for Most Credit Situations
Applying Online is Safe & Secure
Thousands of Repeat Customers
Hundreds of Loan Programs Available