http://www.batcaddy.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
Gift Cards
Bat-Caddys
Bat-Caddy X3 Series
Bat-Caddy X4 Series
Bat-Caddy X8 Series
Remote Control Caddies
Manual/Non-Remote Caddies
Demo & CPO Models
Batteries
Accessories
Spare Parts
X3 Series Spare Parts
X3 Battery Components
X3 Drivetrain Components
X3 Frame Components
X3 Handle Components
X3 Miscellaneous Components
X3 Wheel Components
X4 Series Spare Parts
X4 Battery Components
X4 Drivetrain Components
X4 Frame Components
X4 Handle Components
X4 Miscellaneous Components
X4 Wheel Components
X8 Series Spare Parts
X8 Battery Components
X8 Drivetrain Components
X8 Frame Components
X8 Handle Components
X8 Miscellaneous Components
X8 Wheel Components
Support
Tech Tips Videos
FAQs
Guides & Manuals
Videos & Brochures
Register Your Caddy
Find a Dealer
Product Info
Golf Caddy Benefits
Model Comparison
Testimonials
Contact Us
Account
Privacy Policy
Bat-Caddy respects your privacy. Across our business, around the world, we will only collect, store and use your personal information for defined purposes. We use your information to support and enhance our relationship with you, for example, to process your purchase, provide service and support, and share product, service and company news and offerings with you. We do not sell your personal information. At any time you may contact Bat-Caddy, which is a trademark and subsidiary of SpaCom LLC, with any privacy questions or concerns you may have. You also may ask at any time to see the data you have given us and request correction or deletion. We strive to ensure the highest level of security and confidentiality. Privacy and Data Security
At Bat-Caddy, your right to privacy and data security is a primary concern. That's why, when you visit BatCaddy.com, we help you maintain control over your personal data on the Internet. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during a visit to our Internet site.
Use of Personal Information: Information submitted to Bat-Caddy through forms on the Site is governed according to the Bat-Caddy Privacy Policy. Bat-Caddy only asks for specific types of information
In a few areas on our website, we ask you to provide information that will enable us to enhance your site visit, to assist you with technical support issues, to execute your sales order or to follow up with you after your visit. It is completely optional for you to participate. For example, we request information from you when you:
Register on www.BatCaddy.com
Request a quote
Place an order
Provide feedback in an online survey
Participate in a sweepstakes or other promotional offer
Request e-mail notification of your order status (called "Order Watch")
Subscribe to a newsletter or a mailing list
Request assistance
Fill out an informational request
In each of the instances above, we may ask for your name, e-mail address, phone number, address, type of business, customer preference information, customer number, as well as other similar personal information that is needed to register or subscribe you to services or offers. If we ever ask for significantly different information we will inform you. In the case of newsletters or mailing lists, you will be able to "unsubscribe" to these mailings at any time. Bat-Caddy only uses your information for specific purposes
The information you provide will be kept confidential and for internal use only. It is used to support your customer relationship with Bat-Caddy. Amongst other things, we want to help you quickly find information on BatCaddy.com and alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new products and services from Bat-Caddy. You can opt-out of receiving further marketing from Bat-Caddy at any time.
Periodically, we may send you information about our various products and services, or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. Only Bat-Caddy will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. Or, at any time you can easily opt-out of receiving further marketing information.
Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) or your order and the products you purchase will NOT be given or sold to any outside organization for its use in marketing or solicitation. Your information may only be shared with agents, suppliers or contractors of Bat-Caddy for the purpose of performing services for you and only with your written consent.
Internet CommerceThe online store at BatCaddy.com is designed NOT to store your credit card information. Bat-Caddy is committed to data security with respect to information collected on our site. Our payment processors by Verisign® and Authorize.net offer the highest industry standard security measures available through your browser called SSL encryption. If at any time you would like to make a purchase, but do not want to provide your credit card information online, you may contact a sales representative over the telephone. Simply call 1-888-669-6740. It has always been a Bat-Caddy practice to contact customers in the event of a potential problem with your purchase or any normal business communication regarding your purchase.
DisclaimerYou are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your personal information, Bat-Caddy cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Other WebsitesBat-Caddy's website may contain links to other web sites that are not operated by Bat-Caddy. Bat-Caddy is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites that it does not operate.
Bat-Caddy wants to help you keep your personal information accurate You can request the individual information that Bat-Caddy has collected by submitting a request. To view or edit the information that has been stored online, please visit the My Account section of the Bat-Caddy online store. You will be notified of any material change of this privacy policy by e-mail and posting on the Bat-Caddy website.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device