https://www.managerreview.com/index.php?file=c-static&page=privacypolicy&&top1=aboutustop
Home
Subscribe
Consulting
Free Reports
About Us
Contact Us
Help
For a Free Tour of our Manager Performance Rankings Call 1-415-386-7111
Follow Us
About Us
MMR FAQ
Privacy
Terms Of Service
Reprints
Advertising
Contact Us
Privacy
MMR is committed
to respecting your privacy. Our privacy policy is listed below.
Please check back periodically, since the policy may be revised from
time to time.
1) Subscribers'
personal information
MMR collects
personal information from subscribers. This information is used to
process payments, to provide user-appropriate services (since
certain features are designed specifically for individuals,
institutions or brokers), and to contact subscribers when
necessary.
Subscriber information is held in strict confidence.Subscribers' personal particulars are never sold to outside parties. MMR and it's consulting partner does not release personal information to outside parties except under extraordinary circumstances, such as when MMR believes in good faith that the law requires it.
Any time we ask
for a credit card number, we transmit that credit card number in an
encrypted format, using industry-standard, Secure Socket Layer
encryption. Other, extensive security measures are in place to
protect against the loss, alteration, or misuse of subscriber
information.
MMR may report
aggregate subscriber information to advertisers. In such cases,
advertisers are never granted access to individual account
information. Also, from time to time, MMR or its associates may
notify subscribers of new products or services which may be of
interest to them.
2) Tracked
manager information
MMR collects
information from tracked money managers, including information about
company history, products, performance, and personnel. A manager's
request to be tracked by MMR constitutes that manager's consent to
allow MMR to publish, disseminate, analyze, sell access to, and/or
otherwise commercially use all information submitted by the manager
as MMR sees fit. However, when collecting information about manager
personnel, MMR requests instructions as to whether this information
should be made available:
to MMR staff only,
to MMR and its paid subscribers, or
to MMR, its paid subscribers, and the general public.
Tracked managers
are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of these instructions. MMR
makes every effort to obey these instructions, subject to the
limitations of liability outlined in the Terms of Service. When
personnel information is restricted to MMR staff usage, MMR uses the
information to clarify performance or other data and to give
occasional notification of new features or services.
3) Other user
information
When you visit
MMR's Web site and submit any of our online forms, personal
information is gathered about you. Also, if you contact MMR, we may
keep a record of that correspondence. Personal information gathered
in this way is not released or sold to outside parties. However,
from time to time, MMR or its associates may use this information to
notify you of products or services which may be of interest to you.
Any such notifications will always include contact information that
you can use to:
request not to receive future communications, or to
change and modify information previously provided.
4) Cookies and
IP addresses
A cookie is a
small amount of data, sent to your browser from a web server and
stored on your computer's hard drive.
MMR's Web site
uses cookies to authenticate subscribers and to carry out critical
site functions. All MMR pages that contain log-in prompts or are
customizable require that you accept cookies. We may also use
cookies to estimate our audience size and measure traffic patterns.
Advertising networks that serve ads onto MMR may use their own
cookies.
MMR also collects
IP addresses for system administration and to report aggregate
information to advertisers.
5) Questions
about MMR's privacy policy
If you have any
questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, please do not hesitate to contact
us.
Manager Services | Site Tour | Site Map | About Us | Interviews | Contact Us
© 2014 Money Manager Review TM. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service | Disclosure & Privacy Statement1.