http://www.ppa.com/about/ppa.com-privacy-policy
What is PPA? / PPA.com Privacy Policy
© Mike Neubauer
What is PPA? / PPA.com Privacy Policy
PPA.com Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the websites of Professional Photographers of America (PPA). Your privacy is important to us and to better protect it, this page explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on PPA websites.This Privacy Policy explains PPA’s data practices regarding Personal Data (as defined below) and other information that we collect in connection with:One of PPA’s websites: CopyrightDefense.com, FindaPhotographer.com, ImagingUSA.org, PrintMovement.org, PPmag.com, or PPA.com.The Imaging USA mobile app, ImagingUSA.org/App, used for PPA’s annual convention and tradeshow.The PPA events you may attend: IPC, IPC Districts, Photography Workshops, Imaging USA, PPA Live Webinars, and other workshops such as the IPC Judges Training, or CPP Prep Classes.PPA’s members-only social network, theLoop, and theLoop mobile app.By using our websites and/or the app, you consent to policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our websites or the app.Please take the time to read this Privacy Policy as it is important for you to understand how we collect and use your data when you use a PPA website. This policy explains how we collect, use and store the personal information you provide to us.This policy may change from time to time and, if it does, the up-to-date version will always be available on this page. We are proud to give you access to PPA-owned websites and, in return, we may collect, use and share your personal information as is necessary for us to make our websites available in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of use of PPA’s websites and to give you the best user experience. We will only use personal information for our purposes in a manner permitted by relevant data protection legislation.If you hear from us, we will always aim to be respectful, relevant and appropriate. If at any time you don't feel we've lived up to our philosophy, please let us know straight away by getting in touch with us at csc@ppa.com.
The Information We CollectPPA primarily collects Personal Data provided to us by individuals when they interact with our products, services, and customer service. There are three main ways we can collect your data:For example, you may voluntarily provide us with Personal Data when you register for an event, sign-up for a membership, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services (such as our online newsletters, online education, or magazine subscription), or participate in our online community, register for an event, update your profile, access members-only content, download resources, enter to win a giveaway, submit form online, call or email us directly, or submit your business card at our trade show.
The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected when you take any of these actions on any of the PPA websites may vary based on the services offered and may include: your name, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, services, and other information that you voluntarily submit to us.
Members-only products and services require a login, and therefore, trackable personal information. In certain areas of our websites, only persons who provide personally identifiable information can access products, programs, and services or otherwise participate in the sites’ activities and offerings.
Finally, we also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, Chrome), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the type of viewing device you are using (e.g. phone, tablet, or desktop), and your IP address. The types of automatically collected data collected on our websites through the use of these and other tools that we may add from time to time may include: the search terms you used, new or returning user information, browser information, computer or device type, operating system, internet service provider, website usage, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, number of clicks, and ads viewed. Please see the “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” section below to learn more about how we use Tracking Technologies. These data points help us provide a better user experience and more relevant content on your dashboard.
FAQ: What information does PPA collect if I sign up for a newsletter? –If you sign up to receive one or some of PPA’s newsletters we will collect personal information from you in order to honor this newsletter service, namely your email address, name and what you are interested in hearing more about. You can always edit, amend or reset your subscription preferences here.
How/Why We Use the InformationPPA may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you.We may also use your information for the following purposes:Availability: To help us make the website and other related content available to you (see the "Will we share your information with anyone else?" section below for more information).Relevance: To make the website more relevant for you and our other visitors. This includes sometimes requesting personal information from you to help us run and develop our website and associated functions.Fulfillment: To send you our newsletters if you have signed up to receive them.Survey: To carry out occasional surveys to analyze our user base — ultimately we want to ensure that we provide everything that you — our audience — is looking forConnect: To check whether you are eligible for a competition or a giveaway and to contact you if you win.Legalese: To comply with the law and/or as we feel is necessary to prevent illegal activity or to protect our interests.Membership: To contact you about your account with us. We may use the information we collect for the following primary reasons:Product & Service FulfillmentMarketing, Promotions & AdvertisingInternal OperationsFraud Prevention, Security & Compliance
We may combine information collected from different sources. For more information on some of the ways we use information, click here. PPA MEMBERSHIP DATAPPA membership information, including address, phone number and email, is directly available to the public via the FindaPhotographer.com, and is published in the annual PPA Membership Directory.You can control your Find-a-Photographer profile by editing it to add or hide more or less information. To do so, go to myPPA/Profile#FAP and follow the instructions to edit your profile or hide your listing from the public. MARKETING: We may display offers, promotions, products or services on our websites which we think will interest you based on the information we collect from your cookies. You may withdraw your consent to direct marketing at any time by managing your cookies.We also use your contact information to contact you by email or by phone regarding information that we think may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive marketing materials, brochures, or emails from PPA and its other websites, you may inform us of your preference by contacting us at csc@ppa.com. You may also unsubscribe or edit your selection by editing your ”my Subscriptions” preferences or clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails.We will send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running and place different alerts on your MyPPA Dashboard. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.Where required by the applicable law (for example, if you are an EU Data Subject), we will send you marketing information or notifications only with your consent, which was given at the time you provided us with the Personal Data. In such case, if you do not provide us with your consent to the processing of your Personal Data for this purpose, we will not send you this information.With your permission, we may also use information you provide to us as a testimonial posted on our websites.
CORRESPONDENCE: If you correspond with PPA and its companies via e-mail, the postal service, our web forms, or other forms of communication, we may retain the correspondence and the information it contains. We may use the information for business purposes, including responding to your inquiry, notifying you of PPA-related opportunities, and other marketing purposes (please read the Marketing section above for more information on our marketing practices and how to opt out or unsubscribe).
URL AND IP ADDRESS:PPA collects information about users’ IP addresses, including users’ utilization of our websites, to help us design our websites to better suit our users’ needs. We may use information about your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our websites, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. We also may use your IP address to enhance our security and investigate an actual or potential security incident.AGGREGATED DATA:We may also compile, anonymize and/or aggregate Personal Data and other information collected about Websites’ visitors, as described in this Privacy Policy, and use such anonymized and/or aggregated data for our business purposes, including disclosing such data to our partners, service providers, advertisers and/or other third parties for marketing or promotional purposes. This aggregate information does not identify you.TRANSACTION INFORMATION:We collect transaction information includes items purchased and date and time of your transaction. This allows us to process payments, comply with our accounting and auditing needs and allows you to keep a transaction history on the My Receipts section of PPA.com.
Will We Share Your Information with Anyone Else?PPA occasionally shares membership data with selected PPA Affiliate organizations, sponsors and corporate members.We do this in order to:Personalize your Internet experience. We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.Compile website analytics. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.Allow PPA partners to share relevant content and offers with you. Part of your membership benefits includes some perks and savings from PPA partners. We share your information with them so they can provide these benefits to you.Provide and improve our service to you (i.e. via emails). We will share your information when it helps our trusted third-party service providers to provide and improve our service to you or to carry out surveys and user analysis to understand your needs and preferences. For example, Informz (owned by HigherLogic) securely hosts emails and acts as a supplier to distribute our newsletters. These service providers keep your personal information safe and secure, and these trusted third-parties would only be permitted to use your personal information for the purposes we specify.Produce more relevant content for you. We may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to present to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. If you have signed up to receive one or more of our newsletters and prefer not to receive marketing information from us, simply click the "unsubscribe" link provided at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from this us.Additionally, we would share your personal information if, and only if we felt it was reasonably necessary to prevent illegal activity or to protect our interests. Likewise, we may disclose personally identifiable information in response to a legal process (for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena) to comply with the law or with the directions of the courts or other authorities.PPA will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses.Please read our Terms and Conditions to understand more your options especially as by using our websites and apps, you agree to comply with our Terms and Conditions of use.
Cookies & Other Tracking TechnologiesPPA and its partners use cookies and other technologies to analyze trends, administer our websites, track users’ movements around our websites, to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole and to collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests, as described below.When you first visit our websites, you will be asked to consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies on the websites in accordance with this Policy, and if you accept we will store cookies and similar technologies on your computer.It is worth noting that as per outlined in our Terms and Conditions, by using PPA websites, you consent to the use of cookies. However, as your privacy is important and because you should have control over how your data is collected and used, you may choose at any time to disable all or part of these cookies, with the exception of those which are necessary for the operation of our websites. PPA.com uses Google DoubleClick for Publishers to present or serve the advertisements that you may see on PPA.com Web pages. This third-party ad server may use cookies, Web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness.Consult PPA’s comprehensive page on Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies from PPA to learn, in plain English, how:PPA cookies benefit youto control third-party cookiesto turn cookies off
PPA's Commitment to SecurityWe have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.We are committed to taking reasonable efforts to secure the information that you choose to provide us, and we use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect against unauthorized access to or alteration, disclosure, or destruction of Personal Data. We restrict access to Personal Data to our employees, contractors and service providers (described in the “Disclosure of Information” section above) who need to know the information in order to operate, develop, or improve our services.Unfortunately, no transmission of Personal Data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, and despite our efforts, PPA cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, or to or from our online products or services. PPA has no responsibility or liability for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the security of your Personal Data, please contact us at csc@ppa.com.We retain your Personal Data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. We retain Personal Data collected through the Platforms we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client and pursuant to our contract with that Client.We are regularly updating our systems with the latest online protection methods, and put in place data privacy protection protocols compliant with the European Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation), aka GDPR.
How You Can Access or Correct InformationAccess to personally identifiable information that is collected from our sites may be accessible for a limited period of time from the point of collection. For example, if you created a password-protected account within our site, you can access that account to review the information you provided.You may also send an email or letter to the following email or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information. For verification purposes please include your first name, last name, email address and the password you use for said service.Professional Photographers of America
Marketing & Communications Department
229 Peachtree Street NE, Suite 2200
Atlanta, Georgia  30303
email: csc@ppa.com
How to Contact UsIf you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation you may contact us the following address. We may ask you to provide proof of identity before we show you this personal information - so we can prevent unauthorized access.     PPA – Professional Photographers of America
229 Peachtree Street NE
Suite 2300
Atlanta, GA 30303 – USA
Email: csc@ppa.com
Updates & Effective DateFrom time to time, we may update this privacy statement. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.For general information regarding privacy you can visit TRUSTe, BBB Online, or the Federal Trade Commission:https://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.netscape.comhttp://www.bbbonline.org/http://www.ftc.gov/The Privacy Statement posted on this site was last updated on May 17, 2018.© 2018, Professional Photographers of America. All Rights Reserved.
The Privacy Statement posted on this site was last updated on May 17, 2018.
© 2020, Professional Photographers of America. All Rights Reserved.
Benefits
Insurance
Equipment Insurance
Data Loss & Negligence
General Liability
Certification
Certified Professional Photographer
Certified Drone Photographer
Education
Copyright
Send a Letter
Fight for Artists Rights
Copyright News
Copyright Resources
Discounts
Community
Resources
Contracts & Forms
Sales & Marketing Tools
Consumer Research
Find-A-Photographer
Business Resources
Articles
Magazine
COVID-19 Resources
Education
Events
Calendar of Events
Imaging USA Conference
Photo Competitions
Rules
Judging & Scoring
Participant Resources
Competition Results
Photography Workshops
Facebook Live
Free Webinars
Join Now
About Us
Find A Photographer
PPA's Team
Corporate Members
PPA Affiliates
Press Room
FAQ
PPA Awards
PPA Code of Ethics
PPA Code of Ethics
×
By submitting this application today you agree to comply with PPA’s Code of Ethics as well as PPA's Terms and Conditions as listed below:
Professional Photographers of America (PPA) Code of Ethics
As a requirement for admission to and retention of membership and participation in this photographic association, each PPA member and participant shall agree to use the highest levels of professionalism, honesty and integrity in all relationships with colleagues, clients and the general public.
Terms & Conditions
$17.50 of domestic dues ($42.00 non-domestic) is applied to Professional Photographer magazine and is not deductible from dues.  U.S. and Canadian members receive both the print and digital versions of the magazine each month. International members receive the electronic edition of Professional Photographer magazine unless they request a printed version. Payments or contributions to Professional Photographers of America, Inc., are not deductible as charitable contributions for Income Tax purposes. Payments may be deductible as an ordinary and necessary business expense if you are in a photography related business. Please consult your own tax advisor. Submission of this application indicates your agreement to follow and abide by the policies and procedures and the Code of Ethics of the Professional Photographers of America. Membership commences upon receipt of payment and is for one year. Dues subject to change. Dues include $10 per non-international member as the Copyright Protection Fund assessment.
Information for Monthly Credit Card Option Applicants:
By submitting a monthly credit card option application, I understand that PPA will charge my credit card monthly. I understand that I will pay an additional $1.00 per month for bank processing fees included in the dues amounts in this application. The monthly charge will appear on my credit card statements as Professional Photographers of America and the statement will act as a receipt. PPA will notify me of any dues or membership changes and will automatically renew my membership. I can at any time resign from PPA and stop charges being made to my credit card. Any payments made prior to that are nonrefundable. A resignation must be received in writing, fax or email. Emailed resignation must come from the email address contained in the member's record, include their name and PPA ID number. I agree to inform PPA of any changes made to my credit card, such as a change in my account number. If PPA is unable to successfully make a charge to my credit card, PPA will contact me to make any changes or corrections to my record. If PPA is unable to successfully process my monthly payment, my membership will be considered void, and I am required to pay the balance in full to reinstate my membership. PPA is not responsible for any overdraft or bank fees charged to the member if a debit card is used for membership dues payments.
Close
Login
This website uses cookies. Click here to find out more about how and why PPA uses these.
Got It