http://www.purdyelectronics.com/privacy
Products
Value Added Services
What's New
About Us
Contact Us
Site Map
About the Company
What's new
Contact Us
Distributors
Feedback
Privacy
Warranty
This website is owned and operated by Purdy Electronics Corporation. Here at Purdy Electronics, we recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. So we've developed this Privacy Policy to address those concerns. This Policy relates only to our online information collection and use practices. We may update this Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally.
Types of Information We Collect
How Information is collected
Cookies
Web Beacons
Questionnaires and Surveys
How We Use Your Personal Information
Third Parties Who Provide Support Services to Purdy Electronics
Data Sharing and Transfer
Links to Other Sites
Choice and Control
Important Note to Kids
Children's Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
Types of Information We Collect
At our site, we may collect both personally-identifiable information and aggregate information. Personally-identifiable information relates to an individual consumer - e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc. We only collect personally-identifiable information from individuals who provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly, such as by registering at our site, or by providing name and address information to obtain a sample. We don't require you to register or provide this information to us in order to view our site or have access to most of its content, such as our technical data sheets.
Aggregate information relates to such things as how many consumers visit the site, which pages they access, what data sheets they download, the type of web browser and operating system you use, the name of your Internet Service Provider (e.g., America Online), and so on. When you visit our site, we may automatically collect this information, and combine it with similar information collected about all other visitors. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors.
How Information is Collected
As we noted above, personally-identifiable information is collected from you directly and with your knowledge. Thus, if you register on the site, we collect the information you provide. If you order a sample, we collect the information needed for you to participate and for us to fulfill our obligations to you. If you provide feedback to us about a product or webpage, we collect whatever information you submit. When you e-mail us, we collect the e-mail address you supply, so that we can respond.
We may also collect aggregate, non-personal information on an ongoing basis when you view our website or our interactive advertisements. The collection of this non-personal information is done either through "cookie" technology or with "web beacons" (also called 'single-pixel gifs'), as explained below.
Cookies
We may use "cookie" technology on and off of our website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for purpose of keeping records. They enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. The cookies do not contain any personally-identifiable information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive.
When you view our website, we may place a "cookie" on your computer. Temporary cookies are used for purposes such as counting the number of visits to our sites. These temporary cookies are eliminated when you exit your browser. A permanent cookie may also be stored on your computer by your browser. When you log in, this type of cookie would tell us whether you've visited us before or if you are a new visitor. The cookie would not obtain any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie would not extract any information from your computer. We might use the cookie to help us identify site features in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide more of what you may want.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Remember, though, that cookies may allow you to take full advantage of all of Purdy Electronic's newest website features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Web Beacons
Web beacons are Internet instrumentation that helps us to determine, for instance, whether a page has been viewed. When you ask us to send you information, we may use web beacons to determine how many of the e-mails we sent were actually opened. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including a banner ad, can act as a web beacon.
Questionnaires and Surveys
We may occasionally ask visitors to complete surveys and opinion polls about their attitudes and interests. Surveys help us to understand your needs. If sample answers to surveys are posted on the website site, no personally identifiable information will be included. If you participate in one of our surveys, you can be assured that we do not maintain any personal information about you in our databases as a result of the survey.
How We Use Your Personal Information
If you specifically agreed to follow-up contacts by us or asked to be put on our mailing list when you registered, we may contact you from time to time. For example, we may send you marketing or promotion materials; we may respond to your comments or requests for information; or we may contact you, if needed, in the course of processing a product or service you requested through our website.
If you provide feedback to us, we collect whatever information you submit, whether it's in the form of a rating or specific comments that explain your opinions about a web page or product. Please remember that when you post your comments they are publicly available, so you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose anything personal about yourself. We will not display comments that include personally identifying information.
In the feedback section of our site, we may ask for some personally-identifiable information, such as your name and phone number. We use this information only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful. We don't use your e-mail address for any purpose other than responding to the message you've sent, unless we have your permission.
Third Parties Who Provide Support Services to Purdy Electronics
In the course of doing business, we may employ other companies and individuals to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. For example, we may hire agencies to analyze data, to fulfill orders you place, and to provide customer service. These agents may have access to personal information if it is needed to perform their functions for Purdy Electronics; however, they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and they are required to maintain the information in confidence.
Data Sharing and Transfer
We do not sell, transfer, or disclose the personally-identifiable information we gather at our websites to third parties without your prior consent. There are only two exceptions to this rule: (1) We will disclose information in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to prevent a crime or an injury to ourselves or third parties; and (2) We disclose information to third parties who provide support services to us, as described above.
There may be times when we share aggregate information about our visitors (for example, the percentage of male and female visitors to our site) with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising of our site for our users. We may also aggregate data from web log files (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) to understand how users navigate the site and what features are most popular.
Links to Other Sites
Purdy Electronics does its best to make sure that every link on our website sends you to a safe place on the Internet. However, websites and addresses change quickly, and Purdy Electronics cannot guarantee the content of every site to which we provide a link. In addition, different websites have different privacy policies. You should always check the privacy policy of the specific site you're visiting to understand your rights.
Important Note to Kids Under 13
Please do not send your personal information to Purdy Electronics, respond to any surveys or questionnaires or order any samples that may appear on our site. If you want to contact us, please ask your parents to do it for you. Before providing your name, address, e-mail address, or any other personal information to anyone on the Internet, be sure to ask your parents if it's OK.
Children's Privacy Policy
We do not intend to direct any part of our Website, in whole or in part, to kids under 13.
We do not seek to collect personally identifiable information from kids under 13. Our questionnaires and surveys are not directed to or intended for children. If we offer promotions, such as a sweepstakes or contest, we reserve the right not to permit a child to enter.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: customerservice@purdyelectronics.com or
Purdy Electronics Corporation
720 Palomar Avenue
Sunnyvale , CA 94085
Contact Us
Copyright 2016 Purdy Electronics Corporation | 1166 Independence Ave., Mountain View, CA 94043 | PH: 650-248-7113 FAX: 408.733.1287
Home | Products | Value Added Services | What's New | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy | Warranty | Sitemap