https://www.bunim-murray.com/privacy-policy
Privacy PolicyBUNIM-MURRAY PRODUCTIONS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy was last updated on or about July, 2018. Bunim-Murray Productions (“BMP” or “we” or “us”), is responsible for the contents of this Website (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of Use).
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information you provide to us offline.
Please review this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use for this Website carefully. Your use of this Website, signifies your understanding and agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions of Use at any time and without notice. If you do not agree to any of these terms, do not use or access the Website.
Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
We may collect information when you interact with the Website, submit casting content or utilize our online or other applications.
Personal Information You Provide to Us
You may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, email address, date of birth, etc.) through the Website. If you choose not to provide us with your personal information, you may not be able to access some of the services offered on the Website or BMP affiliated websites (e.g. participate in program casting, etc.).
Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand your interests and to improve your experience of using this Website. In order to do so, we may collect and use your personal information in the following ways:
Casting Submissions
This Website may allow you to participate in the casting process for BMP’s programming and this Website may collect personal information associated with casting of any and all media programming (“Casting Content”). Submitting Casting Content does not guarantee that you will be considered by BMP or that you will appear on a BMP program. BMP has the right, but not the obligation, to use your name, image, likeness or other identifying information, if provided in connection with Casting Content, in connection with broadcast, print, online or other use or publication of your Casting Content. You are solely responsible for your Casting Content that you upload, publish, display, link to or otherwise make available (hereinafter, “send”) to BMP.
You agree that any Casting Content that you send does not and will not violate third-party rights of any kind. BMP reserves the right, but is not obligated, to reject, remove, edit or reuse any Casting Content that BMP believes violates this provision.
By submitting Casting Content and/or any personal information on the Website, you hereby waive any and all privacy expectations with respect to use of the Casting Content. If you choose not to have your content, picture, or any other personal information about yourself viewable by a global audience, you should not submit such information.
BMP takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any Casting Content that you send. BMP has no control over whether such Casting Content is of a nature that may be unacceptable and, accordingly, BMP expressly disclaims any responsibility for Casting Content. You understand and agree that any loss or damage of any kind that occurs as a result of the use of any Casting Content that you send, upload, transmit, display, or otherwise make available to BMP, is solely your responsibility. BMP is not responsible for BMP’s display, use, misuse or loss of your Casting Content. You understand and acknowledge that BMP may use your Casting Content that may be inaccurate, infringing, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree that neither BMP nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any damages you, or anybody else, alleges to incur or actually incurs as a result of such Casting Content. Further, Users agree to hold free and clear of any liability and fully release BMP from any and all claims of slander, libel, right of privacy, and right of publicity.
By sending any Casting Content to BMP, you expressly grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to BMP, a royalty-free, sub-licensable, transferable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, list information regarding, edit, translate, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display, incorporate into other works, and make derivative works of: (i) all such Casting Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed for use in connection with BMP’s programming or any other use whatsoever and; (ii) your name, voice, and/or likeness as contained in your Casting Content, in whole or in part, and in any form, media or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed for use in connection with BMP, BMP’s programming or any other use whatsoever. For the avoidance of doubt, when you submit Casting Content through the website or third party software, you acknowledge that third parties, with the permission of BMP, may use the Casting Content as described herein.
For the avoidance of doubt, when you submit Casting Content through the website, third-party software, or SNS (as defined below), you acknowledge that third parties, with the permission of BMP may use the Casting Content as described herein and BMP may transfer your Casting Content to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and/or third-party service providers internationally.
Additional Information Received from an SNS or Other Platform
By accessing or engaging with any of BMP’s pages or applications, on a Social Networking Site (“SNS”) or other platform, you allow BMP to access certain information from your profile for that applicable SNS or platform. The information you allow BMP to access varies and is affected by the privacy settings you establish on the applicable SNS or platform. You can control and find out more about these settings on the applicable SNS or platform where you use such application. For example, BMP may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, the applicable SNS or platform per your preferences: (i) your first and last name; (ii) your profile picture or its URL; (iii) your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo; (iv) the user ID numbers and other public data for your friends; (v) the login e-mail you provided to that applicable SNS or platform when you registered; (vi) your physical location and that of your access devices; (vii) your gender; and (viii) your birthday.
By accessing or engaging with any of BMP’s pages or applications on an applicable SNS or platform, you are authorizing BMP to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the applicable SNS or platform could provide to BMP.
Children’s Privacy
We encourage parents and legal guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children. At various places on the Website or when providing other services, we may ask users for their age. By using the Website or our services you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age. We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13.
If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent or legal guardian and obtain their permission before you submit or post any personal information, and before you use any features of this Website.
Third-Party Websites
Our Website may contain links to third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by BMP. BMP has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party websites.
If you access a third-party website from our Website, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such sites. You expressly relieve BMP from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or third -party owned content.
Social Media Plug-ins
Social media plug-ins of SNS’s such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+ (amongst others) are integrated on our Website. Where our sites contain a plug-in to a SNS, these are clearly marked (e.g. with a Facebook button). If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links, your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant SNS. The SNS directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser. If you are registered on the relevant SNS and logged into your respective account, the SNS receives the information that the web page was used by you. If you interact with a SNS plug-in (e.g. you press the Facebook “Like” -feature, the Twitter “Tweet this” feature and Google plus “1+” button or equivalent) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page, the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant SNS from your browser. If you are not registered with the SNS or you are logged out before you visit our Website, there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the SNS. If you interact with us through a SNS, plug-in etc. then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your SNS profile (such as name, email address, photo, gender, location, the people/sites you follow etc.).
If you don’t want the SNS to collect the information about you described above, or share it with us and other third parties, please review the privacy policy of the relevant SNS and/or log out of the relevant SNS before you visit our Website. As with other sites, you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the SNS via your browser.
Protecting Our Rights
We collect, store and use your information to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience on the Website. We sometimes need to collect and use your personal information to enable us to: (i) provide technical support; (ii) cast our programming; and (iii) enforce our terms of service.
Information We Collect Automatically
Like most websites, we use “cookies” or other similar technology (including flash cookies, e-tags, cache browsers and GIFs etc.) on the Website. Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer’s hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Website before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify Website features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may enhance your online experience, for example, by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, while you are visiting a particular page on this site.
When you visit this site, we automatically collect certain personal information, that we then aggregate so that it is not linked to a single, identifiable individual. This information provides us with statistics such as how many users visit the Website and which pages were accessed. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor this site to our visitors. During some visits we may use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages and page interaction information.
We may also use anonymous data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis. In order to better understand and serve our customers, we may conduct research based on customer demographics, interests and behaviors. Although this aggregated data may be based in part on personal information it does not identify any users personally. We may share this type of anonymous data with third parties, including our affiliates, agents, service providers and current and prospective business partners to administer the Website and for advertising, promotional and other business purposes.
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
Where Your Personal Information Will Be Used
This Website is operated from the United States. However, as a global company, BMP may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible by any of our affiliate entities and third-party service providers internationally. By using this Website and providing your personal information to us you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries.
How We Share Personal Information
We may share your personal information with affiliates of BMP but only for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. We may also share your personal information with service providers we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf, such as hosting websites, maintaining databases, and providing technology services. These parties are provided only with the personal information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose such personal information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. We have taken steps to ensure that any such third-party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information as we would.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information to our affiliates and third parties (including, amongst others, law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, content protection organizations) to: (1) protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our websites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement or public authorities; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) comply with subpoenas, search warrants, the law or other legal process; or (7) enforce our Terms of Use.
We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets. If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer, you should contact the subsequent owner of the business.
Links to Other Sites
The Website may provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites operate independently from this Website. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices and terms of use in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites. Notwithstanding the foregoing, when accessing www.bmpcasting.com, this Privacy Policy shall apply.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards for this Website to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this Website. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. Therefore, any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us using the contact details below.
Your Rights
If you prefer that we do not use the personal information you have provided to us or we have collected via your use of the Website, you may send us a request using the contact information details below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor that request. However, we will retain records of your information as needed in order to comply with applicable laws/regulations and if you provide us with any personal information after such request we may use that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy please contact us by email at legalcontact@bunim-murray.com or by mail at Bunim-Murray Productions c/o Business and Legal Affairs, 1015 Grandview Avenue, Glendale, CA 91201
Applicable Law
This Website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the State of California, United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that this Website is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access this Website do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations.
Updates to Our Privacy Notice
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use. If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information such that we are using it for purposes or sharing such data with third parties that you have not consented to, we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either: (1) announcing the change on the home page of this Website or (2) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on this Website. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet, accessible through this Website. By continuing to use this Website following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using this Website.
Notice to California Residents
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which this Website has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us by email at bmplegalstaff@bunim-murray.com or by mail at Bunim-Murray Productions c/o Business and Legal Affairs, 1015 Grandview Avenue, Glendale, CA 91201.
For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.