http://www.ecomjoe.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy – EcomJoe.com
Home
Shop
Expand submenu Shop
Collapse submenu Shop
All Products
Bathroom Utensils
Kitchen Utensils
Fitness Equipment
Health and Beauty
Home and Interior
Garden Tools
Pet Supplies
Order Tracking
About Us
Contact
Log In
Create Account
Shipping and Delivery
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Get up to 50% Discount and FREE Shipping!
Site navigation
Home
Shop
All Products
Bathroom Utensils
Kitchen Utensils
Fitness Equipment
Health and Beauty
Home and Interior
Garden Tools
Pet Supplies
Order Tracking
About Us
Contact
Log In
Search
Cart
Cart
Home
Privacy Policy
Your cart
Close Cart
Privacy Policy
Who we are
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from EcomJoe™ (ecomjoe), ecomjoe.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your device’s internet protocol (IP) address, timezone, your browser and operating system. We’ll use this information for communicating with you and purposes like estimating taxes, screening for risk of fraud and calculating shipping. The personally identifiable information that you provide to us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. You are given the option to not receive promotional emails during the checkout process. If you are opted in, you may opt out and unsubscribe at any time through a link in the footer of our emails.
Text Marketing and notifications (if applicable): If you provide your mobile phone number during checkout, we may use this information to send you text message notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders). You can unsubscribe from further text messages by replying STOP. Message and data rates may apply.
Web beacons, tags and pixels: when you use our website we use these techniques to collect additional information regarding your browsing experience. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient and to provide you with a more relevant and timely brand and shopping experience. This information may also be shared with our third party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you.
About your consent
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at support@ecomjoe.com.
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Third-party services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Payments
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then this third party (like Stripe, PayPal etc.) stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read the payment provider’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Comments
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
Cookies allow the Website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most websites, we use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience, for your preferences, to keep track of cart contents, analytics, marketing, remarketing and referral tracking.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
Your rights
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe.
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions and contact information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at support@ecomjoe.com [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] or by mail at EcomJoe, Vrachelsedijk 43, 4904 TA  Oosterhout NB, The Netherlands
Shipping and Delivery
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
© 2020, EcomJoe.comPayment methods
American Express
Apple Pay
Bancontact
Google Pay
iDEAL
Maestro
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Visa
Search
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device