https://www.curtis1000.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicySaravanan RangasamyMay 27, 2019February 4, 2020HOW WE USE CUSTOMER DATAPrivacy PolicyPrivacy NoticeAt www.curtis1000.com, we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy. The purpose of this privacy notice is to let you know what kind of information we collect, how we use it, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may review and change some of the data you provide to us. For your benefit, we’ve provided an Overview of our privacy practices and the Full Privacy Notice below.
Our practices comply with applicable U.S. laws and requirements. We are located in the United States and this is a U.S.-based website. By using this site, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to or within the United States. If you are located within the European Union and are transmitting personal data on this website, please review the “GDPR Support” section below.
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we offer, this policy likely will change. When we change it, we will post the change(s) on our website. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate online notice to you. You can determine when this version of the privacy notice was adopted by referring to the “Effective Date” below. If you have questions about our privacy notice, please contact us via contactus@curtis1000.com.
This is a summary of how we may collect, use and transmit information about you. It is a general overview only, and must be read in conjunction with Full Privacy Notice below.
WHEN DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION?
We collect personally identifiable information when you provide it to us. Our website servers also collect the domain names of visitors to our websites.
In addition, we might receive personal data and other online and offline information from our business partners who share it with us. We will use such information in accordance with applicable laws and this Privacy Notice.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The personal information we collect might include your name, title, company, address, email address, phone numbers, etc.
If you make a purchase on our site, your credit card number and related information will be collected.
We may combine the information we collect from you with information we receive from you offline.
We may also receive information about you from other sources, including, for example, address update services. Finally, we also use cookies and web beacons to collect information such as your IP address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data.
Additional information about cookies is located below.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
We collect personal information to facilitate customer service or to enable us to contact you. We may also offer or provide optional surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. We use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations.
We also use the information we collect to help target valuable marketing and advertising offers. This kind of advertising may be done with banner ads, phone calls as well as promotional emails, and offers may be provided by our company as well as from our subsidiaries, affiliates, marketing partners, advertisers and other third parties.
We may perform research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. We do this to better understand and serve our users. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual.
Our servers and service providers may collect the domain names of visitors, as well as other information about your visit. This information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on a website, pages viewed, etc. We share this aggregated data with third parties and our affiliated companies. We may use this information to contact you, measure the use of our websites, recognize you when you return to the site, remember products in your shopping cart and to improve the content of our websites.
We use the information provided by and/or collected from your use of the website to review site usage and operations, to address problems with the site, our business or our products and services, and to protect the security or integrity of the site and our business.
WHY DO WE SHARE INFORMATION?
We may transfer or otherwise disclose information collected from and about you for the following purposes:
To our service providers, suppliers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to fulfill your request for products or services from us for another vendor on our site;
To our service providers and business associates, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us;
To our affiliates and other third parties so that they may contact you with marketing offers of their own;
To other companies, credit bureaus or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection;
As necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our site Terms of Use, of the law or of our rights or the rights of any third party;
To respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and
If our company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets.
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily upload or submit for posting to the site becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others.
It is in violation of the site’s Terms of Use for you to post any content that requests personally identifiable information.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION?
When you are on our website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with Curtis 1000, Inc., our subsidiaries and related companies, and our service providers.
We share your information as described in “Reasons we share information”, above.
RECORD RETENTION
We will retain your personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We will also keep your personal data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes. We retain archived copies of your information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
COOKIES & SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
We, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may use cookies or web beacons on our site.
A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access the site.
A web beacon is an electronic image used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page.
We may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personal information from you, including your IP address, browser type, the time and length of your visit, the pages of the site you visit and other clickstream data.
This information may be used in order to:
recognize you when you return to the site;
contact and/or provide you or your organization with offers for goods and services;
improve and personalize your experience on our site;
provide you with customized advertising; and
monitor site usage and analyze the behavior of site visitors.
You may decline all cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on our site.
You also may be able to make some web beacons unusable by rejecting cookies.
Check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
The data that is collected via cookies and web beacons may include personal information.
We, or third-party service providers acting on our behalf, may also combine information collected by the cookies and web beacons with other non-personal or personal information to perform the functions set forth above.
We have partnered with a third party, Demandbase, Inc. (“Demandbase”) for analytics, advertising and marketing purposes, which also uses cookies on this site.
More information regarding the Demandbase cookies is available at:
https://www.demandbase.com/cookies/.
Demandbase is the controller of the data collected using the Demandbase cookies.
Instructions to opt out of receiving the Demandbase cookies are available at https://www.demandbase.com/cookies/.
You can opt out of receiving all cookies on our site by clicking on the button below:
Revoke Cookies
YOUR RIGHTS; CONTACT US
You can request to access, update, correct, and delete your information you provided to us by sending us an email at gdprnotices@curtis1000.com. Keeping your personal data current helps ensure that we can respect your preferences. When you make a request, we may require certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able process your request. Your cooperation is necessary to exercise your rights under this Privacy Notice
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
We have implemented an information security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to safeguard your personal data. While we use all reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data submitted through our websites.
THIRD PARTIES
This Privacy Notice only addresses the collection, processing and use (including disclosure) of information by us. This site may contain various links to third-party websites. These sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. These sites are owned and operated independently of Curtis 1000, Inc., and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. Any information you provide to these Websites will be governed under the terms of their privacy policy, if any. Curtis 1000, Inc. has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
ADDITIONAL PRIVACY INFORMATION
Transfer of Data
We are based in the United States and any personal data collected from this website may be transferred to and processed within the U.S. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in the U.S. may not be equivalent to those in your home country. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing and/or processing of data.
Children’s Privacy
We comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Act of 1998 (COPPA). We do not direct the site to, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from children.
This website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from persons under the age of 18.
California Do Not Track Disclosures
“Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on a Do Not Track signal in their browser, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they do not track the user. For information about Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.org
EFFECTIVE DATE: December 27, 2018
GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION SUMMARYThe following provision applies if the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to the particular transaction and if you are a data subject, as defined by the GDPR, within the European Economic Area.  We are based in the United States and any personal data collected from this website will be transferred and processed within the U.S. If you do not agree to this, do not provide us with personal data.
Data Controller: Curtis 1000, Inc.
The data that is subject Rights to Personal Information is:
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
to complain to a supervisory authority
Your rights as a data subject may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions. You may exercise your rights as a data subject by contacting us in writing at gdprnotices@curtis1000.com. When you make a request, we may require certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able process your request. Your cooperation is necessary to exercise your rights under the GDPR.
Sensitive personal information: we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’, as defined by the GDPR. Please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us.
877.287.8715
EMAIL US
Curtis 1000 uses cookies to ensure we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to navigate, we will evaluate this as approval.
Find out more.OK, I GOT IT