http://www.amcsa.com/en/legal/
COVID-19 Announcement: find out how this affects you
Home / Legal
Legal
APPLICATION PRIVACY POLICY
AMC Classic (Pty) Ltd (“AMC”) built the AMC Cookware South Africa Consultant App as a free app. This SERVICE is provided by AMC at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This policy is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Application Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at https://www.amcsa.co.za/en/terms-and-conditions/ unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to location, name, identification numbers, sales history and  customers. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
Google Play Services
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net
PAIA
MANUAL OF AMC CLASSIC (PTY) LIMITED AND AMC COOKWARE (PTY) LIMITED AND ALL ITS SUBSIDIARIES
Prepared in accordance with Section 51 of the Promotion of Access to information Act, No. 2 of 2000.
SECTION 51 MANUAL FOR AMC CLASSIC (PTY) LIMITED AND AMC COOKWARE (PTY) LIMITED PROMOTION OF ACCESS TO INFORMATION ACT
SECT 51 (1)(a) - CONTRACT DETAILS
Full Name: AMC CLASSIC (PROPRIETARY) LIMITED Reg No. 1969/014299/07
AMC COOKWARE (PROPRIETARY) LIMITED Reg No. 1990/002789/07
Registered Address:   4 CASTOR ROAD, LANSDOWNE, 7780
Postal Address:           PO BOX 24200, LANSDOWNE, 7779
Telephone Number:   086 1111 262
Fax Number:           021 761 5139
Managing Director:   C.R. KOEKEMOER
Email: info@amcsa.co.za
Website: www.amcsa.co.za
SECT 51 (1)(b) - GUIDE IN TERMS OF SECT 10 OF ACT
A guide is available from the South African Human Rights Commission, refer to www.sahrc.org.za
SECTION (1)(c) - CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE WITHOUT FORMAL REQUEST BEING REQUIRED IN TERMS OF THE ACT
The following categories of records are automatically available for inspection, purchase or photocopying:
Information on Website
Promotional documentation
Product leaflets
Section 51 Manual for AMC Classic (Pty) Limited and AMC Cookware (Pty) Limited - Promotion of Access to Information Act (contd.)
SECT 51 (1)(e) - RECORDS THAT MAY BE REQUESTED IN TERMS OF THE ACT
We hold the following categories of information:
Statutory company information in terms of the Companies Act 71 of 2008
Statutory employee records
Records required in terms of the following legislations:
Compensation for Occupational Injuries and Diseases Act No. 130 of 1993
Basic Conditions of Employment Act No. 75 of 1997
National Credit Act No. 34 of 2005
Customs & Excise Act No. 91 of 1964
Employment Equity Act No. 55 of 1998
Income Tax Act No. 58 of 1962
Labour Relations Act No. 66 of 1995
Occupational Health & Safety Act No. 85 of 1993
Unemployment Insurance Act No. 63 of 2001
Value Added Tax Act No. 89 of 1991
Request for Access to Records
The company may be contacted at its registered address, or by fax or email at the addresses specified in the contact section above. Requests for information are to be made on the prescribed form and to be accompanied by the prescribed fee. Information on the prescribed fees is obtainable on the SA Human Rights Commission website: www.sahrc.org.za
SECT 51 (1)(f) - OTHER INFORMATION AS MAY BE PRESCRIBED
The Minister of Justice & Constitutional Development has not made any regulations in this respect
NCA
AMC LANGUAGE POLICY
Introduction
Section 63(1) of the National Credit Act ("the Act") states that “a consumer has a right to receive any document that is required in terms of the Act in an official language that the consumer reads or understands, to the extent that is reasonable having regard to usage, practicality, expense, regional circumstances and the balance of the needs and preferences of the population ordinarily served by the person required to deliver that document”.
AMC Classic (Proprietary) Limited, registration number 1969/014299/07 (“AMC”), as a registered credit provider (NCRCP1273), was required, as a condition of its registration requirements, to submit its language proposal taking cognisance of the criteria as set out insection 63(1) above.
AMC’s Language Policy
We will provide the quotation, pre-agreement and credit agreement in English, isiXhosa and seSotho. The letter served to the consumer in terms of section 129 of the Act will be available in English, isiXhosa and seSotho.
Our Customer Service department is contactable via telephone, mail and e-mail. Customer Service will at a minimum be able to handle customer queries in English, Afrikaans, isiXhosa and seSotho. Should a consumer contact the Customer Service department and no Customer Service employee be available to assist the consumer in his preferred language, the consumer will be contacted as soon as a Customer Service employee becomes available.
Our Collections department will at a minimum be able to converse with consumers in English, Afrikaans and isXhosa. Should no Collections department employee be available to converse with the consumer in his preferred language, the consumer will be contacted as soon as a Collections employee becomes available.
Staff in each Sales Centre across the country will be able to converse with consumers in two national languages. Should the consumer require information in English, Afrikaans, isiXhosa or seSotho and the Sales Centre staff are unable to assist the consumer in his preferred language, the Customer Service department will be contacted telephonically to assist with the required information.
As a direct sales company, almost all our marketing takes place person to person. Our sales materials are for internal use by sales consultants only and will therefore be provided in English only. Should further information in Afrikaans or isiXhosa be required, these can be obtained directly from the Sales Centre staff throughout the country or telephonically from the Customer Service department.
The internet website is available in English only.