https://www.navigant.com/about/legal
Skip to content
Home
Industries
Commercial
Energy, Sustainability, and Infrastructure
Financial Services
Healthcare
Life Sciences
Public Sector
Defense
Energy, Sustainability, and Infrastructure
Financial Services
National Security
Public Health
State and Local Government
Solutions
Finance Optimization
Financial Crime Solutions
Operational Effectiveness
Portfolio Management
Risk, Regulatory, and Compliance
Strategic Development
Technology Solutions
People
View all of our People and Leadership
Search By Name
Advanced Search
Insights & Experience
Editor's Pick
Highlights
Guiding Through the COVID-19 Terrain
Cybersecurity Resource Center
Industries
Defense
Center for Health Insights
Energy, Sustainability, and Infrastructure
Financial Services
National Security
State and Local Government
About
Locations
Careers
News & Events
Deutsche Ressourcen
About Guidehouse
Legal
Jump To
LEGAL / POLICIES
01:
Code of Conduct
02:
Terms of Use
03:
Disclaimers
04:
Vendor Code of Conduct
05:
Career Submission Terms
06:
Cookies & Tracking Technologies Policy
07:
Just in Time Notice for Mobile Apps
08:
Guidehouse Tax Strategy Statement
Legal / Policies
Guidehouse Inc. is committed to conducting all of its business activities with integrity and excellence, and ensuring the trust of customers, employees, and business partners. This section of our website includes information relative to key disclaimers and/or policies.
en
Select Language
English
Deutsch
JUMP TO
LEGAL / POLICIES
01:
Code of Conduct
02:
Terms of Use
03:
Disclaimers
04:
Vendor Code of Conduct
05:
Career Submission Terms
06:
Cookies & Tracking Technologies Policy
07:
Just in Time Notice for Mobile Apps
08:
Guidehouse Tax Strategy Statement
1. Code of Conduct
At Guidehouse, we are committed to demonstrating our values through conducting our business with integrity and excellence. Our Code of Conduct is a guide for all our employees on critical policies and regulations that impact our business operations. We expect all employees, regardless of location, to abide by our Code.
Click here to download our Code of Conduct.
2. Terms of Use
By using this Website, you are automatically agreeing to these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, then you are not allowed to use this Website and should immediately terminate such usage.
I. Terms of Use. These Terms of Use apply to Guidehouse Inc. and its subsidiaries (“Guidehouse,” “we”, “our”, or “us”) websites, including Guidehouse.com and Guidehouseinsights.com (collectively, the “Site”). Please read these Terms carefully before using the Site because they affect your legal rights and obligations.
If you do not agree with any of these Terms, including the Privacy Policy incorporated herein, please do not use this Site. By using this Site, you will be deemed to have irrevocably agreed to these Terms. Some areas of this Site may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which you should read carefully before making any use of those areas. Such additional terms will not change or replace these Terms regarding use of this Site, unless otherwise expressly stated.
2.  Updates to Terms. Please note that these Terms may be revised and reissued, prospectively by posting updated terms on this Site. You should visit this page regularly to review the current terms. Your continued use of the Site will be deemed as irrevocable acceptance of any revisions.
3.  Legal Capacity. This is a general audience Site for adults. We will assume (and by using this Site you warrant that) you have legal capacity to agree to these Terms (i.e., that you are of sufficient age and mental capacity and are otherwise entitled to be legally bound in contract).
4.  The Information You Give Us Must be Correct. To access this Site or some of the resources it has to offer, you may be asked to provide registration details. It is a condition of use of this Site that all the details you provide be correct, current, and complete. If we at Guidehouse believe the details are not correct, current, or complete, we have the right to refuse you access to the Site, or any of its resources, and to terminate or suspend your account.
5.  Online Privacy Notice. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide a notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this Site. Click here to show this notice, which forms part of these Terms.
6.  Disclaimer of Warranties. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE AND ALL THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES AND OTHER CONTENT IN THE SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, GUIDEHOUSE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. GUIDEHOUSE DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THIS SITE WILL BE AVAILABLE, UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE SITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SITE AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. GUIDEHOUSE DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES OR OTHER CONTENT ON THE SITE OR ANY WEB SITES LINKED TO THE SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.  GUIDEHOUSE MAKES NO WARRANTIES THAT YOUR USE OF THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICE OR OTHER CONTENT IN THE SITE OR ANY WEB SITE WILL NOT INFRINGE THE RIGHTS OF OTHERS AND GUIDEHOUSE ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN SUCH MATERIALS, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICE OR OTHER CONTENT OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER WEB SITE. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE IMPLIED WARRANTIES TO APPLY TO YOU, THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
IF YOU ARE ACCESSING A UNITED KINGDOM VERSION OF THE SITE, NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM THE NEGLIGENCE OF EITHER PARTY OR THEIR SERVANTS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES.
7.  Limitation of Liability. GUIDEHOUSE DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND DOES NOT ACCEPT ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE (DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR OTHERWISE) RESULTING FROM ANY USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR THE MATERIAL, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, FACILITIES, SERVICES, OR OTHER CONTENT ON THE SITE OR ANY OTHER WEB SITE, REGARDLESS OF THE BASIS UPON WHICH LIABILITY IS CLAIMED AND EVEN IF ANY MEMBER OF GUIDEHOUSE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE. WITHOUT LIMITATION, YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION IN THE EVENT OF ANY SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISING. IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW ALL OR ANY PART OF THE ABOVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY TO APPLY TO YOU, THE LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU ONLY TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.
8.  Trademarks and Copyrights. This Site and materials incorporated by Guidehouse on this Site (“Material”) are protected by copyrights, patents, trade secrets or other proprietary rights (“Copyrights”). Some of the characters, logos or other images incorporated by Guidehouse on this Site are also protected as registered or unregistered trademarks, trade names and/or service marks owned by Guidehouse or others (“Trademarks”). Guidehouse respects the intellectual property rights of others and asks users of this Site to do the same.
9.  Your Use of Material. Your right to make use of this Site and any Material or other content appearing on it is subject to your compliance with these Terms. Modification or use of the Material or any other content on this Site for any purpose not permitted by these Terms may be a violation of the Copyrights and/or Trademarks protected by law and these Terms and is prohibited.
You may access and display Material and all other content displayed on this Site for non-commercial, personal, entertainment use on a single computer only, and is subject to your keeping intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. The Material and all other content on this Site may not otherwise be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, distributed or used in any way unless specifically authorized by Guidehouse. Also, decompiling, reverse engineering, disassembling, or otherwise reducing the code used in any software on this Site into a readable form in order to examine the construction of such software and/or to copy or create other products based (in whole or in part) on such software, is prohibited.
10.  Submissions, Postings and E-mails. Guidehouse does not accept or consider unsolicited submissions of any kind (e.g. ideas, treatments, concepts, or any other materials) in any format, by any means of transmission (including email). Any such submissions are either returned to the sender without being reviewed or deleted or discarded without being reviewed. Therefore, please do not send any unsolicited submissions. to any member of Guidehouse.
11.  Claims of Infringement. If you believe that any content appearing on this Site infringes your copyright rights, we at Guidehouse want to hear from you. Please forward the following information in writing to the Copyright Agent at the address listed below:
a. Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
b. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
c. The exact URL or a description of each place where alleged infringing material is located;
d. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use has not been authorized by you, your agent, or the law;
e. Your electronic or physical signature or the electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on your behalf; and
f. A statement by you made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your notice is accurate, that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Copyright Agent
c/o:  Office of General Counsel
Guidehouse, Inc.
150 N. Riverside Plaza, Suite 2100
Chicago, IL 60606
Copyright Agent’s Phone Number:  312.583.2688
Email:  privacy@guidehouse.com
12.  Responsible Use of Site. Please act responsibly when using this Site. You may only use this Site and its contents for lawful purposes and in accordance with applicable law and you are prohibited from storing, distributing or transmitting any unlawful material through this Site. You may not collect or store personal information regarding other users. You recognize that storing, distributing, or transmitting unlawful material could expose you to criminal and/or civil liability. You agree that if a third party claims that material you have contributed to the Site is unlawful, you will bear the burden of establishing that it is lawful. You understand and agree that all materials publicly posted or privately transmitted on or through this Site are the sole responsibility of the sender, not Guidehouse, and that you are responsible for all material you upload, publicly post or otherwise transmit to or through this Site. Guidehouse reserves the right to investigate suspected violations of these Terms.
13.  Content Limitations. We at Guidehouse require that you do not post or otherwise publish on the Site any materials that (a) are threatening, libelous, defamatory, or obscene; (b) would constitute, or that encourage conduct that would constitute, a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate law; (c) infringe the intellectual property, privacy, or other rights of any third parties; (d) contain a computer virus or other destructive element; (e) contain advertising; (f) constitute or contain false or misleading statements; or (g) otherwise violates these Terms or applicable laws.
14.  Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Guidehouse and its officers, directors, employees, agents, distributors, and affiliates from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from your breach of these Terms, including any of the foregoing provisions, representations or warranties, and/or from your placement or transmission of any content onto Guidehouse's servers, and/or from any and all use of your account.
15.  Violation of Security Systems. You are prohibited from using any services or facilities provided in connection with this Site to compromise security or tamper with system resources and/or accounts. The use or distribution of tools designed for compromising security (e.g. password guessing programs, cracking tools, or network probing tools) is strictly prohibited. If you become involved in any violation of system security, Guidehouse reserves the right to release your details to system administrators at other sites in order to assist them in resolving security incidents.
16.  Choice of Law. These Terms shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, as they are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Delaware.
17.  General. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
18.  E-mail Disclaimer. Guidehouse employs technology to automatically capture certain personal contact information contained in the signature blocks of e-mail received by Guidehouse professionals, and to store that information in Guidehouse systems.
II. Disclaimers
No Public Accounting Services
While many of Guidehouse’s professionals are Certified Public Accountants licensed in various states, Guidehouse is not a certified public accounting firm and neither our professionals nor Guidehouse provide attest or public accounting services.
E-mail Disclaimer
Guidehouse employs technology to automatically capture certain personal contact information contained in the signature blocks of e-mail received by Guidehouse professionals, and to store that information in Guidehouse systems.
Read more
Read less
3. Disclaimers
No Public Accounting Services
While many of Guidehouse’s professionals are Certified Public Accountants licensed in various states, Guidehouse is not a certified public accounting firm and neither our professionals nor Guidehouse provide attest or public accounting services.
E-mail Disclaimer
Guidehouse employs technology to automatically capture certain personal contact information contained in the signature blocks of e-mail received by Guidehouse professionals, and to store that information in Guidehouse systems.
4. Vendor Code of Conduct
The Guidehouse Vendor Code of Conduct (“Vendor Code”) sets forth the requirements that we expect our Vendors (which includes any entity or individual contracted to provide services to or to act on behalf of Guidehouse) to comply with in order to operate lawfully, ethically and with integrity in every jurisdiction where they conduct business. This Vendor Code applies to all Vendors on a global basis regardless of location of services.
Click here for a copy of the Vendor Code.
5. Career Submission Terms
1. Acceptance of These Career Submission Terms. Your submission of personal and/or employment information on this portion of the Guidehouse online service, including through our websites, Guidehouse.com, our other related mobile websites, mobile Guidehouse applications (“mobile apps”), services, tools, and other applications (collectively, the “Site”) is subject to the following career submission terms and conditions (“Career Submission Terms”), as may be modified from time to time. These Career Submission Terms set forth below supplement the Privacy Policy governing your use of Guidehouse’s Site. If you do not agree to these Career Submission Terms or are dissatisfied with any portion of the Site, do not use the Site and do not submit or post any career information.
2.  We Collect the Career Information You Give Us.
As set forth in the Privacy Policy the Guidehouse Careers section of the Site gives you the opportunity to register and create a profile to apply for jobs. In order to do so, you will provide us with your email, username and password that will allow you to access your account later. By clicking the "Submit" button on any of the job application pages and submitting your information, you agree that we may use your information and collect additional personal and non-personal information (e.g., address, telephone number, resume, employment history, reference information,
education, and so on) for the purpose of job opportunities. Create a safe resume and remove all sensitive information such as social security numbers, identification numbers (e.g., driver’s license), financial information and dates of birth before uploading your resume. We don’t need or want that information in your resume.
We do not require sensitive information (e.g. data relating to gender, race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union or works council membership, criminal record, physical or mental health, or sexual orientation) from initial candidates. But to the extent you supply any information of a sensitive nature with your application on a voluntary basis, you agree that we may use such information in accordance with applicable law, including for statistical and reporting purposes.
3.
How We Use and Retain Your Career Information.
(a) We Use the Information to Process Your Requests. We use your information to provide job alerts or other information you may request. We also use your application profile information to process your employment applications and to communicate with you regarding your application. We also use your information for general statistical analysis and reporting purposes. We may also use your information, in our sole discretion, to let you know about other job opportunities that might be a good fit for you.
(b) Retention of Your Information. If you are successful and offered employment or a placement with Guidehouse, this information will be retained and transferred to your personnel file and used to manage any employment or other relationship with Guidehouse (e.g., to administer benefits, performance reviews, training, regulatory compliance or disciplinary actions). If you are not successful, then we will only retain your information to the extent permitted by law, including retaining a record of your application and, unless you tell us that you do not wish us to do so pursuant to Section 9 below, we may retain a copy of your resume for up to 5 years for potential future opportunities.
4. We Share Your Information with Third-Parties With Your Permission. We share your information with third-parties (e.g. recruiters, persons you have provided as references or other service providers) that you permit us to share with, in order to assist us in processing your career requests and applications for employment and other employment related tasks (e.g., providing internal statistical analysis and reporting, such as candidate activity and demographic reports).
5. No Offer of Employment. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as an offer of employment, a representation concerning the availability of any position, or a promise of any kind concerning any term or condition of employment with Guidehouse, including job responsibilities, salary, benefits, eligibility for promotion, or career path. The information contained on the website is merely an invitation for qualified prospective candidates to apply. Guidehouse makes no guarantee that you will receive an interview or career opportunity.
6. Your Information Must be Accurate- You Can Change Your Information. You expressly agree and acknowledge that all of the personal information and employment information submitted by you to the Guidehouse Site is truthful and does not contain any misleading or false statements. Your application/profile information is maintained on this Site. In accordance with applicable law, you may review update or request removal of your personal applicant/profile information at any time using the Site website by clicking on “my profile” and amending details.
7. You Certify That You Have Authorization to Submit Information From Others. Where you supply personal information of another person, you confirm that you have made that person aware that we are collecting and may use and disclose this information, the reasons why you have provided it to us, how he or she can contact us and, generally, the terms of the Guidehouse Privacy Policy. Further, you confirm that the other person has consented in writing to such collection, use and disclosure.
8. Personal Information is Subject to Our Privacy Policy. All personal information provided by, or collected from, you or, in the event that your application progresses with us, from third-party sources such as references or health professionals, as part of the recruitment process is handled in accordance
Guidehouse Privacy Policy.
9. Deactivation or Deletion of Your Account. Candidates (who are not employed by us) may request that we deactivate or delete their account by emailing us at
privacy@guidehouse.com. When you request that your account be cancelled or deleted, your information, including your resume and profiles will no longer be available to you and will be deleted by us from electronic or digital records from the Career applicant tracking system, except as to historical reports which may be retained for up to two years. When you ask that we delete your account we will do so without undue delay. Even though your account will be deleted, we may retain digital logs and non-personally identifiable information or non-personal data about your account, which is not accessible by you or third-parties on Guidehouse Site but which might be used by us for recordkeeping and internal purposes, including enforcing the Privacy Policy and demographic reporting and research purposes.
Read more
Read less
6. Cookies & Tracking Technologies Policy
This Policy explains how and why Guidehouse uses cookies and other similar tracking technologies (collectively “Cookies”) and your options to opt out.
The controller is Guidehouse Inc. ("Guidehouse"), with its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, "Guidehouse," "we," "our," or "us"). We maintain our websites www.guidehouse.com and www.guidehouseinsights.com and our other related websites and mobile websites, services, tools and other applications (collectively, the “Site”). This policy forms part of the Guidehouse Privacy Policy.
1. COOKIES & OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies: are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your computer or mobile device that allow a site to recognize your device when you visit the site. Cookies can be created through a variety of web-related protocols and technologies, such as HTTP (sometimes referred to as “browser cookies”), and HTML5.
Embedded Script: An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
ETag, or entity tag: A feature of the cache in browsers, an ETag is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner ETags are a form of device identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
We also use other tracking technologies on our sites such as social plugins. The social plugins used on the Site are hosted by a social media network such as Facebook or Google+ and your browser therefore sends this cookie data to that social media network when loading the social plugin inside your browser. These data contain information on your use of the Site. In case you are registered with the social media network, the data will be associated with your data already stored in the social media network.
2. WHY AND HOW WE USE COOKIES
Guidehouse uses cookies for different reasons, such as letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience. They can also help to ensure that the advertisements you see online are relevant to you and your interests.
We use both session and persistent tracking technologies. Tracking technologies (e.g., cookies) can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). We also use first and third-party cookies. First party cookies are used and controlled by us to provide services on the Site.
In particular, our Site uses the following categories of cookies:
(a) Strictly Necessary Cookies: These are cookies which are needed to provide the Site and the services and features you have specifically requested. We use cookies and tracking technologies required to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security (both not applicable under German law), for system administration and/or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality. We use these cookies to provide you the surfing experience on our Site and based upon our legitimate interest. Your consent is not required for our use of these cookies.
(b) Performance and Functionality Related Cookies: We use performance cookies to assess the performance of our Site, for example which pages you go to most often, how long it takes for certain ages to load and similar information in order to improve how the Website works. These cookies may also be used to prevent fraudulent activity and improve security. We use functional cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the Site before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify the features in which you may have the greatest interest. We use these performance and functionality related cookies only if you have consented.
(c) Advertising and Targeting Related Cookies: We use cookies to deliver content, including advertising and marketing (including analytics), relevant to your interests based upon your use of our Site and based on how you interact with our marketing content, all to the extent legally permissible in certain jurisdictions. We use these cookies only if you have consented.
In paragraph 3 of this policy you can find details of the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them.
We are not responsible for third-party sites and their privacy practices as it relates to opt-outs from tracking activities.
3.  YOUR COOKIE CHOICES & HOW TO OPT-OUT
Our Site is scanned with our cookie tracking tool, One Trust, which regularly maintains a Cookie List that shows the cookies used by Guidehouse. Cookies are automatically categorized into groups outlined in the above section. A cookie consent banner will appear for all visitors. By clicking “Accept All Cookies” in the cookie banner on our Site, you consent to the use of cookies and tracking technologies and the corresponding processing of information. You can opt-out of each cookie category (except strictly necessary cookies) by clicking on the “cookie settings” button on the banner.
You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting placed cookies and disabling cookies in the “Cookies Settings” located on the banner. If you withdraw your consent, you may still browse the website; however, you may not be able to use the full functionalities of the Site. Please note that deleting or blocking may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like Flash Objects or HTML5.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP Cookies. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any opt-out options referenced above. California residents may be entitled to know the effects of opt-out options under California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b)(7). The effect of an opt-out, if successful, will be to stop tracking for certain purposes (e.g., marketing), but it will still allow the collection of usage data for strictly necessary cookies.
Controlling the HTML5 local storage on your browser depends on which browser you use. For more information regarding your specific browser please consult the browser’s website (often in the Help section).
Please note, however, that without HTTP cookies and HTML5 local storage, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our Site features and some parts of the Site may not function properly.
4.  CONTACT US
For any queries in relation to this Cookies and Tracking Technologies Policy please contact us at privacy@guidehouse.com or Chief Privacy Officer, Guidehouse Legal Department, 150 N. Riverside Plaza, Suite 2100, Chicago, IL 60606, US or Data Protection Officer for Europe, Middle-East and Asia, Guidehouse, WTC Building, Stadsplateau 15, 3521 AZ, Utrecht, The Netherlands.
Read more
Read less
7. Just in Time Notice for Mobile Apps
Guidehouse Inc. (“Navigant” or “we”) and/or third parties collect the following types of information about you when you use this Application.  You either enter this information into the Application or agree to its collection automatically by the Application.  We may share the information collected with third parties.  If you do not consent to our collection and sharing of the data as indicated below, please do not use this Application.
Location (GPS, WiFi, or user-entered) – Your precise past or current location and the history of where you have gone.  We need and use this information to respond to your requests to locate Guidehouse office locations.
Call Logs – the list of phone calls you made or received using your mobile phone.
Contacts/Address Book – the names of your contacts, social networking connections, or their phone numbers, postal, email and text addresses and other contact information.
Dialer – functionality on this device used to make phone calls.
Calendar Information – any information in this device’s calendar.
Unique Device ID (UDID) – The unique series of numbers and letters assigned to your device.
Social Network Credentials – The username, password and any other log in information required to log into Facebook.
Further information about the third parties we share your information with:
“Data Analytics Providers” are companies that collect and analyze the information we collect about you.
“Operating Systems and Platforms” are companies that develop the software on your device and the locations where the apps may be sold or downloaded (e.g., Google and Apple’s app store).
“Social Networks” are companies that connect individuals around common interests and facilitate sharing (e.g., Facebook).
By using this Guidehouse App, I agree that Guidehouse may collect the information above and share with third parties pursuant to Guidehouse’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
8. Guidehouse Tax Strategy Statement
Guidehouse is a global professional services firm that helps clients take control of their future. With a focus on markets and clients facing transformational change and significant regulatory or legal pressures, Guidehouse primarily serves clients in the healthcare, energy and financial services industries. We operate globally across our segments. We have continued to build our international footprint to facilitate and expand our service offerings to clients outside of the United States. As global demand for our services has increased, we have established international offices to provide our clients with on-the-ground resources including within Europe, the Middle East, and Asia through hiring and acquisitions. We take the same client-focused approach to our own tax affairs and our tax strategy, and consider our tax strategy to be a component of the overall client-focused business model. We work hard to optimize outcomes for all of our stakeholders, which is aligned to our philosophy and ensures we pay the right amount of tax at the right time.
Tax risk management and governance
Guidehouse’s tax risk management and governance is a part of its internal control over financial reporting, and is overseen by the Chief Financial Officer, supported by the Guidehouse Tax Director. In operating our tax risk management and governance processes, Guidehouse’s appetite towards tax risk is dependent upon tax’s role in supporting the needs of our clients in the expansion of Guidehouse’s global offices and resources. We are committed to full compliance with our tax obligations, paying the right amount of tax at the right time. We seek to ensure that our tax arrangements remain consistent with an acceptable risk assessment, both in financial and reputational terms.
Tax planning and tax risk
In structuring our commercial activities, we will consider - among other factors – the tax laws of the countries in which we operate, with a view to maximizing value on a sustainable basis for our stakeholders.
Any structuring which is undertaken will have commercial and economic substance and will have full regard to the potential impact on our reputation and that of our shareholders.
We will not put in place any arrangements which are contrived or artificial.
Relationship with tax authorities
We will engage with tax authorities openly and constructively, based on mutual trust and co-operative compliance. We feel this is the best way to ensure that we pay the right tax at the right time and to maintain a good working relationship. Where appropriate and possible we will endeavor to engage with tax authorities on a real-time basis in any areas of material uncertainty, so as to minimize our tax risk and to provide greater certainty for both parties in advance of formal tax filings.
Guidehouse regards this publication as complying with the duty to publish our tax strategy under Paragraph 19(2) Schedule 19 of the UK Finance Act 2016.
Read more
Read less
Back to top