https://www.eiki.com/legal/
Login
USA website Germany & Austria Eastern Europe China Southeast Asia Japan Worldwide
You are here: Home | Legal
Search
LegalTerms and Conditions
Prices: All prices are subject to change without notice. Orders are accepted at pricing in effect on the date of order. Eiki only sells to authorized dealers: possession of this price schedule does not constitute an offer to sell.
Map Price: “Minimum Advertised Price” This is the lowest price we expect to see advertised in either catalogs or on dealer’s websites. We will be watching for violation of this policy. Dealers who violate this policy are not entitled to participate in any of Eiki sales and marketing support programs.
Terms: All accounts are due and payable according to the terms on the invoice. Normal terms are 1% 10 days, net 30 days, upon approved credit. Pre-payments are accepted by company check, wire transfer or credit card. Credit card payments are subject to a 2% surcharge.  Credit card payments do not qualify for 1% cash discounts.  Note: 1% CASH DISCOUNT applies ONLY to CASH AMOUNT PAID against an invoice AFTER any CREDITS are applied.
Ordering: Orders should be in writing and directed to the customer service department. PO’s may be mailed or emailed to orders-usa@eiki.com. Accessory and parts orders ( i.e. lamps, lenses ) must include correct part number.
Hours of Operation: 7:30 AM - 4:00 PM Pacific Time, Monday - Friday (closed Weekends and Holidays)
Delivery: All products are shipped FOB Origin (Rancho Santa Margarita, California or Placentia, California).  All shipping costs and risk of freight damage concealed or otherwise is the responsibility of the purchaser. Any claims for shortages or damages must be made to the carrier immediately upon receipt of the shipment. All promises of delivery are made in good faith and every reasonable effort is made to meet delivery schedules. However, Eiki is not responsible for factors beyond our control such as (but not limited to) failure of our suppliers to meet their promise dates or carriers missing their pick up or delivery schedule.
Specifications: Eiki reserves the right to change or revise product specifications, model numbers or to discontinue models without notice.
Freight Damage: All products are FOB Origin (Rancho Santa Margarita, CA or Placentia, CA); it is therefore the responsibility of the receiving dealer to open and inspect all packages for damage and to file a claim with the carrier. If necessary you may contact Eiki’s customer service at 1-800-242-3454 (EIKI) for assistance. Concealed damage must be reported to the carrier immediately, otherwise there is no recourse.
Returns: A return authorization must be obtained prior to returning any product to Eiki. To obtain a return authorization number (RA#) contact customer service. Only customer service can issue RA#. Defective product (DOA) out of the box or product shipped incorrectly due to Eiki’s error will be credited in full to your account. In cases where the dealer or customer request a return due to their ordering error or a project change requiring a different model and that the return is less than 30 days from invoice, a 15% restock fee applies. Product returned from 30-60 days of invoice is subject to a 30% restock fee. Products more than 60 days of invoice may not be returned. All returned product is subject to inspection. Additional charges will be assessed for damage or missing cables and accessories. Used products are not eligible for return. Not all items are eligible for return (i.e. LCD or DLP projector lamps, mounts or mounting hardware etc.) please check with Customer Service for questions.
Special Orders: Specialty items (such as lenses) that have been opened for evaluation and returned with in 30 days of purchase because they did not meet a specific application, may only be returned with a 15% restocking fee which is necessary to cover inspection and repackaging. A lesser fee will be assessed if the return includes a replacement order of equivalent product. Additional fees will be assessed for damage or missing accessories.
Warranty: All EIKI LCD/DLP projectors include a Limited Warranty to the original end-use customer only as follows:
Projector:......................................................................3 year ownership / 6000 Hours use (whichever comes first) projector warranty (unless specified otherwise).
Laser Light Engine:.....................................................20,000 Hours use (Light Engine Only. 3 Year/6000 Hours for other components).
HLD LED Light Engine:...............................................25,000 Hours use (Light Engine Only. 3 Year/6000 Hours for other components).
Lamp:............................................................................. 6 months ownership / 500 Hours use (whichever occurs first) (unless specified otherwise).
Parts and accessories are warranted for 90 days.
Details of the warranty are included with the product or refer to the EIKI website at LCD and DLP® Warranty.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more