http://www.succeeddcp.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy for SUCCEED-Equine.com
COVID-19 NOTICE: Please be aware that Freedom Health is operating under very strict safety guidelines, including limited staff, use of protective equipment, and additional cleaning protocols. This may cause delays in responding to orders or inquiries. We appreciate your patience and understanding.
Digestive Conditioning Program
Call Us: 866.270.7939
Email Us
My Account
Close Menu
My horse at its best.™
Products Overview
SUCCEED Digestive Conditioning Program
Ingredients
Product Options
Using SUCCEED
Horses That Need SUCCEED
Instructions for Use
Storage & Handling
Measuring Success
FAQ
SUCCEED Veterinary Formula
Ingredients
Healthy Gut Commitment
Assess Health
Take Challenge
BUY NOW
Education Overview
SUCCEED's Performance Benefits
Physical Ability
Behavior
SUCCEED's Health Benefits
Nutrient Absorption
Weight & Condition
Tools & Resources
Articles
FREE Downloads
Enewsletter
Assess Health
Track Progress
GI Health Care
Horse Digestive System
Digestive Health Risks
Downloads
All Testimonials
By Discipline
English
Western
Racing
Driving
Breeding
Other
Featured Testimonials
Team SUCCEED
Equine Legends
Veterinarian
Submit Your Story
Blog Main Page
SUCCEED
Success Stories
Our Riders
News & Events
Horse Health
GI Diseases & Conditions
GI Treatment & Management
Feeding Horses
Care & Management
Equine Nutrition
Digestive Health
Management Tips
Training & Performance
Monday Myths
Health Risks & Conditions
Care & Management
SUCCEED
Buy Overview
United States
Take the SUCCEED Challenge
Locate a Store
Purchase Online
Worldwide
Australia
Canada
Denmark
Germany
Ireland
Norway
United Kingdom
New Zealand
Track Progress
Rewards
Products
Education
Testimonials
Blog
Buy
Our Family Sites:
Veterinary Center
Fecal Blood Test
Home > About Freedom Health > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Freedom Health, LLC, has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to respect your right to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the succeed-equine.com website.
Freedom Health, LLC, is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Personal Information
Freedom Health, LLC, collects personally identifiable information from our visitors only if it is volunteered, for example, when filling out a registration form.
Our Organization may also wish to send to our visitors additional information about other products and services by postal mail or electronic mail. At the time of providing us with contact information, visitors are given the opportunity to indicate that they do not wish to receive such mailings.
When sensitive information is voluntarily given by visitors, it is protected both online and off-line. The information is encrypted with the industry-standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers appears so visitors know these safeguards are in place.
Log Files
The Freedom Health, LLC, Web servers collect domain names and/or IP addresses of users to measure use of the site, administer the site, improve content and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
This web site does not make a use of “cookies”.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Freedom Health, LLC, is not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of every linked Web site as their privacy policies may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies solely to this Web site.
Notification of Changes
Our Organization reserves the right to revise this privacy policy, and if that happens, we will post those changes on this Web site so our visitors and customers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact our Webmaster.
Questions
If you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this privacy statement, please send an email to support@succeed-equine.com.
Last revised 03/2011
SUCCEED® Testimonials:
I’ve been in the racing industry for thirty years and I guess I’ve been asked to endorse almost every kind of horse-related product at one time or another. I’ve never wanted to recommend anything until now. I believe in SUCCEED 100%. I’ve seen dramatic results in the six months I’ve used this product. My horses’ haircoats, appetites, and blood work have all improved. If they feel better, they run better.
Nick Zito
Where to Buy SUCCEED:
SUCCEED Digestive Conditioning Program provides an easy, effective and affordable approach to managing optimal digestive health in your horse. It’s been shown to be effective time after time, with top riders, trainers and veterinarians. SUCCEED is available as an oral paste and as granules in several sizes.
Please Select Your Region:
United States:
Worldwide:
How to Purchase in the United States:
First-Time Buyer?
Take the SUCCEED Challenge
Existing Users
Subscribe to a Mondial Auto Ship program
Or
Find a Local Retailer
See Online Retailers
Contact Your Veterinarian
How to purchase in your country:
SUCCEED Digestive Conditioning Program is available for purchase through veterinarians in select countries. Choose your country for local information:
Australia/New Zealand
Canada
Europe
SUCCEED® Blog
View The SUCCEED® Blog
+
Timmy Dutta’s Polo Horses Use SUCCEED—Find Out Why!
At just 18 years of age, Timmy Dutta is a force to be reckoned with on the polo field as he barrels down the field and quickly maneuvers the ball. The international high-goal polo player […]
Read More
+
Meet International Para-Dressage Rider Nicky Greenhill
International Para-Dressage rider Nicky Greenhill was born with a deteriorating eye condition called Stargardt disease, but it hasn’t ever stopped her. Nicky holds numerous national and international titles, including her recent silver medal at the […]
Read More
+
Meet Team SUCCEED Rider Liz Austin
Grand Prix dressage rider Liz Austin is a two-time national champion who’s had her feet in the stirrups for quite some time. And with each career milestone, Liz has always prioritized how her horses feel […]
Read More
+
A Letter From the Head Groom to HRH The Princess Royal
This experience has been a huge learning curve for us, as we discovered many things affect Cloudy’s digestive health. A huge diet overhaul, careful management, and pairing him with the perfect “friend” has meant we […]
Read More
+
Veronica Deans’ Reining Horses on SUCCEED
Canadian native Veronica Deans is an NRHA Non Pro reiner and ranch owner in northern Texas. She’s been riding since age four, reining since the mid-90s, and claiming NRHA wins since 2010. And for Veronica, […]
Read More
+
Tamara Reinhardt’s Barrel Racing Horses on SUCCEED
Professional barrel racer Tamara Reinhardt has been making barrel runs in the show pen since she was five years old. She’s a two-time Wrangler National Finals Rodeo qualifier and member of the Women’s Professional Barrel […]
Read More
Sign up for our monthly enewsletter for exclusive educational articles on equine digestive health and management, the latest updates from the SUCCEED blog, and news and special promotions.
We just need a little more information.
Please fill out the rest of the form below.First Name*Last Name*Email*
Choose which best describes you*Choose which best describes youVeternarianOwner/RiderTrainer/ManagerBreederEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Freedom Health LLC
65 Aurora Industrial Parkway
Aurora,
Ohio
44202
866.270.7939
Freedom Health LLC
65 Aurora Industrial Parkway
Aurora,
Ohio
44202
866.270.7939
Email Freedom Health
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Site Map
SUCCEED and Digestive Conditioning Program are trademarks of Freedom Health, LLC, registered in the United States.
© 2020. All Rights Reserved. SUCCEED Patents