http://www.agency2.co.uk/agency2-privacy-policy/
agency:2 privacy policy : agency 2: Social Media Agency
Skip to Primary Navigation
Skip to Main Content
agency:2 - The Social Media Agency
Talk to us about social media
call our agency on 0203 598 9194
Home
Our services
Our clients
Our blog
Our coverage
Our team
Contact us
agency:2 privacy policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Privacy Policy applies to the website and services of agency:2 and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to agency:2 means Market Making Limited, registered in England with number 07913465 and with its registered office at 10 Bethune Avenue, London, N11 3LE, trading as agency:2.
By using the agency:2 website or services, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any part of this Privacy Policy, then we cannot make our website or services available to you and you should stop accessing and using them.
agency:2 encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to navigate to from agency:2 so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. agency:2 is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the agency:2 website.
This Privacy Policy is provided in accordance with agency:2’s obligations under applicable privacy and data protection law, including Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR) (Applicable Data Protection Law). Definitions in this Privacy Policy shall be as set out in the Applicable Data Protection Law. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the term “personal data” means any information which identifies you or which allows you to be identified when combined with other information. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
Depending on the circumstances, agency:2 may be a data controller (for example, when collecting personal data from our clients to send them marketing information and collecting personal data from our staff and consultants) and a data processor (for example, when storing personal data in a client’s legal file or processing personal data on the instructions of a client or where they are a data controller). This Privacy Policy primarily applies in the context where agency:2 is a data controller.
Collection of your Personal Information
agency:2 may collect and process personal data, such as your name and email address if you enter these on the contact form on our website or to fulfil our contractual obligations – to provide our services, invoice and receive payment for services, send legal updates, news and information about our services and related services. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth, gender, and social media accounts.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device model and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or our software.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This information is used for the operation of the website and the services provided by agency:2, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the agency:2 website and services.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (such as details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data) or information about criminal convictions and offences.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your name, email address and contact details in person, or by filling in forms on our website or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, social media or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
•           request our products or services
•           meet with one of our employees or consultants;
•           participate in an event which we have organised;
•           complete a form on our website requesting us to contact you;
•           subscribe to our publications or newsletter;
•           request marketing to be sent to you;
•           enter a competition, promotion or survey;
•           submit an application for a role within agency:2; or
•           make a complaint or give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Automated technologies through the use of our website or services.  In your use of our website or services (including receiving our newsletter), certain Usage Data is transmitted to us such as the device you are using, your IP address and other such data.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
•           Technical Data or Usage Data from analytics providers or search information providers.
•           Employment, Identity and Contact Data from third party recruitment agencies.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our legal services). In this case, we may have to cancel the services you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
Purposes for which we will process your personal data
agency:2 collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and mobile applications and deliver the services you have requested. We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
•           Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
•           Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
•           Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver services including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, software products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
(Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
agency:2 may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from agency:2 and our partners. agency:2 may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of our website and services. agency:2 does not sell, rent or lease or provide in any other way its customer lists to third parties.
agency:2 may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within agency:2 and which services our users access. This data is used to deliver customised content within agency:2 to customers whose behaviour indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Transfer of Personal Data
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions and applicable law.
You agree that agency:2 may share data with the third parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above:
•           Affiliates of agency:2;
•           Our third-party service providers who perform functions on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business such as IT service providers and system administrators, third parties who host and manage data or provide programming or technical support, deliver our products and services, conduct reference checks on candidates on our behalf etc;
•           Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services; and
•           Our third-party analytics partners to analyse website traffic and understand customer needs and trends or our third-party marketing service providers to help us to communicate with.
All such third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We may also transfer your personal data to third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA or UK, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
•           We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
•           Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
•           Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
agency:2 will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on agency:2 or the site
(b) protect and defend the rights or property of agency:2; and,
(c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of agency:2, or the public.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data retention
agency:2 will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Data reviewed regularly for relevance. Any data deemed no-longer relevant is deleted. agency:2 shall keep your personal data for at least two years from the date of the last interaction. agency:2 shall keep staff and consultant personal data for at least seven years. agency:2 shall keep emails of clients and prospective clients for as long as it has a legitimate interest to do so. You can request details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data by contacting us at joel@agency2.co.uk.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for analytical, research and statistical purposes and to help us to improve our products and services, in which case this is no longer personal data and we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Use of Cookies
The agency:2 website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Our website uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our website. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you visit an agency:2 website or service, a cookie helps agency:2 to recall your information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same agency:2 website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the agency:2 features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the agency:2 services or websites you visit.
agency:2 may also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies, such as web beacons and tracking URLs. agency:2 may also use web beacons and tracking URLs in emails to determine whether a recipient opened the email or accessed a certain link.
agency:2 may use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
PHPSESSID
PHPSESSID
Essential to the site’s functionality. Expires when the session ends.
_ga
_ga
Used by Google Analytics to distinguish users. Expires after 2 years.
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
_gat
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate. Expires after 1 min.
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
_gid
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to distinguish users. Expires after 24 hours.
https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage
__atuvc
__atuvc
This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. Expires after 1 year.
__atuvs
__atuvs
This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. Expires after 30 mins.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after [2 years].
Consent to our use of Cookies
The law allows us to store cookies on your computer if they are essential to the operation of our website. We need your consent to set non-essential cookies on your computer.
When you use our website for the first time we give you the opportunity to accept or decline cookies.
BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO OUR SETTING COOKIES AND USING THE DATA COLLECTED BY THEM FOR THE PURPOSES SET OUT ON THIS COOKIE POLICY
If you wish to withdraw consent for any reason, please contact joel@agency2.co.uk.
Declining Cookies
Some of the cookies we use are essential if the website is to operate properly. If you decline them, some of the features of the website or agency:2 software may not work as well as we intend and you may not be to access or use some features.
Unless you have set your browser so that it will decline cookies, our system will set some cookies as soon you use the website.
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. For information about this you should look in your browser’s ‘help’ facility. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
If you have previously used the Service and no longer wish to accept cookies, you should be aware that some cookies will have been set. You may delete these cookies at any time by following the instructions at: https://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-delete-cookies/
More information on cookies can be found on allaboutcookies.org.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics. The information generated by the Google Analytics cookie (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on activity and providing other services relating to activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.
To see more information on the cookies set by Google Analytics see: Cookies and Google Analytics.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Children Under Thirteen
agency:2 does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website or our services.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from agency:2 by contacting us or selecting the “Unsubscribe” option on their email.
Your Legal Rights
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
agency:2 will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback and any changes in data protection regulations. agency:2 encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed of how agency:2 is protecting your information.
Contact Information
agency:2 welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you believe that agency:2 has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact agency:2 at:
Market Making Limited t/a agency:2
Screenworks Building
Highbury London N5 2EF
Phone: +44 203 598 9194
Mail: joel@agency2.co.uk
Effective as of 25 May 2018
Sitemap
agency:2 Website disclaimer
agency:2 privacy policy
Contact us
Mighty Social
Member of the DMA Social Media Council
Tweets by @agency:2
agency:2 The Social Media Agency | copyright © 2020 | all rights reserved
This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit. By clicking 'Accept' or navigating the site you consent to our use of these cookies. Accept Learn MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Necessary
Always Enabled