http://www.humana.com/legal/internet-privacy
Internet Privacy Statement - Humana
Skip to main content
Other Humana Sites
Humana.com
For Providers
For Employers
For Agents & Brokers
For Investors
For Caregivers
MyHumana
Go365® Wellness Program
Humana Pharmacy®
Help
Español
Shop for Plans
Medicare
Shop Medicare Advantage plans
Shop Medicare drug (Part D) plans
Shop Medicare Supplement plans
Learn about Medicare
Find a doctor
Enroll in a plan
Dental
Shop dental plans
Find a dentist
Vision
Shop vision plans
Find an eye doctor
Medicaid
Learn about Medicaid
Find a doctor
How to enroll
Pharmacy
Learn about Humana Pharmacy
Find a pharmacy
Compare drug plans & coverage
Prescription savings & tools
Humana Drug List
Employer
Shop for group products
Learn about group insurance
Member Resources
MyHumana
Pay my premium
View Medicare plan details
Find a doctor
Drug pricing guide
Find a form
View ID card
View claims
Check coverage
Refill a prescription
Manage your health
Preventive care
Managing health conditions
Home care & community support
Humana in your neighborhood
Achieving health goals
Go365 wellness & rewards
Member guidance
Using a healthcare plan
Humana member rights
Exceptions & appeals
Prescription savings & tools
Helpful resources
Medicaid support
Get the most out of your plan. Register for a MyHumana account today.
Open Tasks
Pay my premium
Find a doctor
Drug pricing guide
Find a form
View ID card
View my claims
Check coverage
Refill a prescription
Search
Search
Sign in
Open Menu
Close Menu
Home
Legal information
Internet Privacy Statement
Back to Legal information
Internet Privacy Statement
This Internet Privacy Statement applies to this website owned and operated by Humana, Inc. ('Humana'). This privacy policy describes how Humana collects and uses the personal information you provide on our websites. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Relationships are built on trust. One of the most important elements of trust is respect for an individual's privacy. Humana values our relationship with you, and we take your personal privacy seriously.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge)
, opens new window
Commitment to confidentiality
Confidentiality is a top priority at Humana. We are committed to maintaining the highest level of confidentiality with all of the information we receive from this website's users. This Internet Privacy Statement assures you that the information you share with Humana is kept confidential and fully secure.
Links to other websites may be available to provide you with additional useful information and services. Links that take you off this website are clearly labeled. Humana is not responsible for the privacy policies or actions of those who control other websites. We encourage you to look for and review the privacy policies of any website you visit.
We may also partner with third parties to provide links to third-party websites to offer you additional information and services. You may see both the Humana logo and the third party's logo on these third-party websites. Users of these websites should be aware of who is collecting personal information and who's Internet Privacy Statement applies before providing personal information. Humana may not have control over third-party partners' use of your information.
Collection and use of personal information
Users of this website have the option to provide certain personal information. This personal information may be required in order to receive specific services. By providing such information, you are agreeing that Humana may store, process, and review such information. And we may use this personal information for the purpose for which it was collected.
We may collect certain personally identifiable information from our users at different places within this website. Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, mail address, telephone number, cellular phone number, text message number, fax number, email address, etc. Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone (e.g., your age), but may become so when combined with other information (e.g., your age and address).
Individuals (Members and Patients), Providers, Employers, Business Partners, and Agents & Brokers have the ability to register for access to the secured area of this website. To access the secured area, you may need to provide additional information such as name, address, group number, and tax identification number. The purpose of the registration process is to verify and validate who is requesting access to the secured area of the website. Registration also enables us to tailor the information you receive.
We may use the voluntarily provided contact information to notify website users of updates to existing products and services, new products and services, or upcoming events. Website users who do not wish to receive such notifications via email or SMS (text) can choose to opt-out of receiving such information. It is our policy that email and SMS (text) messages will contain an "unsubscribe" and "STOP" function, along with instructions on how to execute the opt-out function.
Some website users may have the ability to opt-out of receiving email and SMS (text) messages by updating their communications preferences within the secured area of the website.
After completing the sign in process, website users have the option to change their password, email address and security question and response. If the website user forgets or misplaces their password, Humana will use the security question and response to identify the website user and grant access to the website. To change personally identifiable information, registered members and patients must contact the appropriate Humana Customer Care representative listed on the Humana Customer Support.
We recognize that when website users choose to provide personal information, they trust that we will protect their privacy and will provide them with choices about how that information is to be shared. Humana will not sell, trade, rent or disclose the personal information that you provide unless you authorize us to do so or required to do so by law.
There are instances in which Humana may disclose website user's personal information to our agents, third-party partners, affiliates, and subsidiaries to enable them to perform functions on our behalf. These companies are only permitted to share, store and/or use personal information for contracted business purposes.
We may share your personal information when we believe that such action is necessary to:
Fulfill an enforceable government request;
Conform with the requirements of the law or legal process;
Protect or defend our legal rights or property, this website, or other users;
Protect your health and safety or the health and safety of this website's users or the general public; or
If Humana is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
User access and choice
Upon request Humana will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, ask to have it removed from our site or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by contacting Humana Customer Care via the Humana Customer Support section of this website. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Technology use on this website
Information about you and your use of this website is collected through the use of session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are small text files that are stored within your computer’s memory. These files are used to facilitate your navigation throughout this website.
Persistent cookies are small computer files that are transferred to your computer's hard drive. These stored files are used in the generation of data that is fed to a contracted third party for website usage analysis. Reports created using this information will provide Humana with a better understanding of the use of this website. You may choose one of three different levels of data collection associated with the use of the first-party persistent cookie. Transfer to Persistent Cookie Opt-out Option.
Humana may work with third-party service providers who may place third-party persistent cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies on your computer as a visitor to our website to collect anonymous information about the use of our websites. This information allows these third-party service providers to customize our content and advertising. We do not permit these companies to collect any personal information about you using these technologies.
If you do not want these service providers to collect your information, please visit the webpages listed below and follow the instructions provided to opt-out of the various advertising technologies:
Network Advertising Initiative, opens new window
Digital Advertising Alliance, opens new window
TRUSTe Advertising Choices, opens new window
Google Ads, opens new window
Google Double Click, opens new window
Facebook Ads, opens new window
DialogTech, opens new tab
If you who wish to prevent your data from being used by the Google Analytics function, you may opt-out of this function by accessing the Google Analytics Opt-out, opens new window webpage and following the posted instructions.
Opting out from these services will have no effect on your use of this website in any way.
If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies, you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive. You can also opt-out from persistent cookies by changing the cookie settings in your browser. For instructions on how to disable cookies in some of the most popular web browsers, visit https://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions, opens new window. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs. You can also set your browser to refuse all cookies. Please note, however, that some parts of this website may not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies.
This website may respond to web browser "do not track" signals.
To gauge the effectiveness of this website, we may collect information about our website users. This information may include, among other things, your IP address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), domain names, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream data or other data elements. We may use this information to analyze trends, to administer the website, to track users' movements around the site, to assist in the development and implementation of security measures, provide a customized experience for website users and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Our mobile application may collect additional information such as Device type, Device OS version, Device name, API method, etc. We may use this information to administer the application and to analyze application trends. Geo-location data includes ZIP code entered by the user for use within the Provider/Pharmacy search function.
This website may use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 or Flash to store content information and preferences. In addition, third parties with whom we have partnered may provide certain features on this website using LSOs. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing or managing LSOs. Manage FLASH LSOs, opens new window.
Internal security procedures
Information that you share on the website is kept strictly confidential and fully secure. Your encrypted (encoded) sensitive information is protected using "Secure Socket Layers (SSL)" as it passes between your browser and this website. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Only authorized persons are permitted to access your personal information. All authorized persons must abide by security, privacy, and confidentiality agreements.
Email
If you send questions or comments to an email address listed within this website or via a contact form located within this website, we will share your correspondence with an associate most capable of addressing your questions and concerns. We will retain your communications until we have done our very best to provide you with a complete and satisfactory response. Ultimately, we will either discard your communication or, in some cases, archive it. We will not keep your email address for secondary purposes. All information and correspondence you share with us will be handled in the strictest confidence.
We may agree that email has become a standard communication tool used by many different parties. Unfortunately by design standard Internet email is not secure. For that reason, please do not use unsecured email to communicate information to us that you may consider to be confidential. Secured messaging may be available within the secured area of this website. Once you successfully sign in, you may be able to use this feature to communicate confidential or private information to Humana.
California privacy law
Residents of the State of California, under certain provisions of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third-party direct marketing purposes. You are limited to one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may request the information in writing by contacting the Humana Privacy Office, PO Box 1438, Louisville, KY 40202.
Children's privacy
This website is not intended for use by children under the age of 18.
Internet Privacy Statement changes
This Internet Privacy Statement is effective as of July 2000 and was last updated on April 17, 2018. This Internet Privacy Statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights with or on behalf of any party.
If we decide to make any material change to this website's privacy practices, we will post those changes to this Internet Privacy Statement, the home page, and other places that we deem appropriate prior to the change becoming effective. Humana wants you to be aware of what information is being collected, how the information is being used, and under what circumstances, if any, the information may be disclosed. Humana reserves the right to modify this Internet Privacy Statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
More information
This website is maintained by Humana, 500 West Main Street, Louisville, KY 40202. Questions concerning this website can be directed to the appropriate Humana Customer Care representative listed on the Customer Support section of this website.
Legal information
Privacy policies
Internet Privacy Statement
DialogTech tracking opt-out
Opt-out
Disclaimer and licensure
Hospital provider notice
Special Investigation request to contact
Special Investigation request to contact – Spanish
Special Investigation referral form
Fraud, waste and abuse
Accessibility
Multi-language interpreter support
System requirements
Marketing practices
Browser security
Cyber security
Protect your personal information online
Privacy policies
Internet Privacy Statement
DialogTech tracking opt-out
Opt-out
Disclaimer and licensure
Hospital provider notice
Special Investigation request to contact
Special Investigation request to contact – Spanish
Special Investigation referral form
Fraud, waste and abuse
Accessibility
Multi-language interpreter support
System requirements
Marketing practices
Browser security
Cyber security
Protect your personal information online
Back to top
Medicare
Dental
Vision
Medicaid
Pharmacy
Member Resources
Find a Doctor
Sign in to MyHumana
Sign in to Go365.com
Employers
Agents & Brokers
Providers
Caregivers
About Humana
Contact Us
Careers
Investor Relations
Corporate Responsibility
© Humana 2020
Legal
Privacy Policies
Internet Privacy Statement
Site Map
Disclaimers & Licensure
Fraud, Waste & Abuse
Accessibility
System Requirements
"Humana" is the brand name for plans, products and services provided by one or more of the subsidiaries and affiliate companies of Humana Inc. ("Humana Entities"). Plans, products, and services are solely and only provided by one or more Humana Entities specified on the plan, product, or service contract, not Humana Inc. Not all plans, products, and services are available in each state.
The following is a complete list of the legal entities that offer, underwrite, administer or insure insurance products and services.
Medical Plans
Humana group medical plans are offered by Humana Medical Plan, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Health Plan of Ohio, Inc., Humana Health Plans of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00235-0008, Humana Wisconsin Health Organization Insurance Corporation, or Humana Health Plan of Texas, Inc., or insured by Humana Health Insurance Company of Florida, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, or Humana Insurance of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00187-0009, or administered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Health Plan, Inc. For Arizona residents, plans are offered by Humana Health Plan, Inc. or insured by Humana Insurance Company. Administered by Humana Insurance Company.
Go365® is not an insurance product. Not available with all Humana health plans.
Dental Plans
Humana individual dental plans are insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, The Dental Concern, Inc., CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Discount plans offered by HumanaDental Insurance Company or Humana Insurance Company.
For Arizona residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company.
For Texas residents: Insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company,
HumanaDental Insurance Company or DentiCare, Inc. (d/b/a Compbenefits). In states, and for products where applicable, the premium may include a $1 administrative fee.
If you have purchased an association plan, an association fee may also apply.
Some plans may also charge a one-time, non-refundable enrollment fee. (This fee is non-refundable as allowed by state).
A minimum one-year, initial contract period may be required for some dental plans, excluding Dental Savings Plus.
Humana group dental plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, The Dental Concern, Inc., Humana Medical Plan of Utah, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, The Dental Concern, Inc., Humana Medical Plan of Utah, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., or DentiCare, Inc. (DBA CompBenefits).
Vision Plans
Humana individual vision plans are insured by Humana Insurance Company, The Dental Concern, Inc., or Humana Insurance Company of New York, or Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc.
For Arizona residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company. For Texas residents: Insured by Humana Insurance Company.
In states, and for products where applicable, the premium may include a $1 administrative fee.
If you have purchased an association plan, an association fee may also apply.
Some plans may also charge a one-time, non-refundable enrollment fee. (This fee is non-refundable as allowed by state).
A minimum one-year, initial contract period may be required for some vision plans.
Humana group vision plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, Humana Insurance Company of New York, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, or The Dental Concern, Inc.
Life Insurance Plans
Humana group life plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky.
The website is maintained outside of New York state and the insurer is not authorized to transact the business of insurance in New York.
Humana individual life insurance plans are offered in New York by Humana Insurance Company.
Limitations and exclusions
Our health benefit plans, dental plans, vision plans, life insurance plans have exclusions, limitations and exclusions under which the coverage may be continued in force or discontinued. Our dental plans, vision plans, and life insurance plans may also have waiting periods. For costs and complete details of coverage, call or write your Humana insurance agent or broker.
Individual applications are subject to eligibility requirements.
Before applying for group coverage, please refer to the pre-enrollment disclosures for a description of plan provisions which may exclude, limit, reduce, modify or terminate your coverage. View plan provisions or check with your sales representative.
For group plans, please refer to your Benefit Plan Document (Certificate of Coverage/Insurance or Summary Plan Description/Administrative Services Only) for more information on the company providing your benefits.
Statements in languages other than English contained in the advertisement do not necessarily reflect the exact contents of the policy written in English, because of possible linguistic differences. In the event of a dispute, the policy as written in English is considered the controlling authority.