http://www.nuwa.com/terms/
Terms of Usage Agreement
By viewing and using this site, you agree to the following Terms of Use:
The documents and information on this Web site are copyrighted materials of NuWa Industries, Inc.
Reproduction or storage of materials retrieved from this service is subject to the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, Title 17 U.S.C.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
THE LINKS IN THIS AREA WILL LET YOU LEAVE NUWA'S SITE. THE LINKED SITES ARE NOT UNDER THE CONTROL OF NUWA AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENTS OF ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY LINK CONTAINED IN A LINKED SITE.
TRADEMARKS. NuWa, HitchHiker, HitchHiker II, SnowBird and/or other NuWa products referenced herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of NuWa Industries. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
NOTICE SPECIFIC TO DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE
Permission to use Documents from this server is granted, provided that (1) the below copyright notice appears in all copies and that both the copyright notice and this permission notice appear, (2) use of such Documents from this Server is for informational and non-commercial or personal use only and will not be copied or posted on any network computer or broadcast in any media, and (3) no modifications of any Documents are made. Use for any other purpose is expressly prohibited by law, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
Documents specified above do not include the design or layout of the NuWa.com website. Elements of NuWa's websites are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part. No logo, graphic , or image from any NuWa website may be copied or retransmitted unless expressly permitted by NuWa.
NuWa Industries, Inc. reserves the right to make changed in colors, materials, components and specifications and to discontinue models at any time without notice or obligation. NuWa Industries, Inc. assumes no responsibility for any error in type or print reproduction of specifications within this website. Photographs may show equipment or items that are optional or not included in the purchase price of the coach. Review a current model at your nearest dealer.
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. We have created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.
Logged Information: Whenever you request a page, your IP address, browser and version, operating system and the page you requested are stored in a log file. This information will not be used to identify a specific individual. This information is only used for statistical purposes to help improve this site and provide accurate statistics to our web administrator.
Links to Other Websites: Our website may contain links to other sites. Those links will allow you to leave NuWa's site. The linked sites are not under the control of NuWa Industries, Inc. and we are not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of any linked site, or any link contained in a linked site.
Email Address: Users have the option of emailing certain articles and pages to a friend or themselves. All email addresses used only for this purpose are not stored by and/or forwarded on to NuWa.
Security Measures: This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us today!
Home | Site Map | Contact Us | About NuWa | Privacy Policy
Copyright ©2008 NuWa Industries, Inc.