https://www.viar.it/cookie-policy/
OVER 35 YEARS OF SUCCESSFUL STORIES
DISCOVER
COOKIE POLICY
Cookies are small text files stored by your web browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox) on your computer, tablet or mobile phone to enable functionality on a website (for example storing user preferences).
Site cookies
The use of session cookies (which are not stored permanently on the user’s computer and disappear when the browser is closed) is strictly limited to the transmission of session identifiers (consisting of random numbers generated by the server) necessary to allow safe and efficient exploration of the site.
Session cookies used on this site avoid the use of other technologies that could compromise the privacy of users’ browsing and do not allow the acquisition of personal identification data.
Session cookies released on connections made by registered users persist for 3 days in order to avoid the continuous inclusion of credentials for access to restricted and protected areas. These cookies contain session information, they can only be used by viarvalvole.it and viarvalvole.com, they do not contain traceable “user information” and can not be shared and accessed by other sites. The cancellation of these cookies from your PC is instantaneous by activating the logOut procedure.
You can restrict or block the cookies used by the website through your browser settings but this will impact your user experience. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you can visit www.aboutcookies.org which provides directions on how to block cookies on all major browsers. This site also explains how you can delete cookies that have already been stored on your computer as well as general information about cookies.
You should be aware though that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the websites you visit
Third-party cookies
Within some pages there are services offered by sites outside the circuit viarvalvole.it and viarvalvole.com. Which :
Google Map, for consulting the maps.
Google Analytics, for analysis on the use of the site.
AddThis, for the facilitation of the sharing of opinions on social media.
Third-party services will never be placed within protected-mode pages where sensitive data may appear.
For more information on cookies, please read the special document drawn up under the new privacy provisions with provision No. 299 of 8 May 2014.
(The document is available online in .PDF format)
CONTACTS
GET IN TOUCH
Fill in the form below to get in touch with us:
Name
Lastname
Email
Subject
Message
Accept Privacy Terms & Conditions
Send
Proseguendo nella navigazione su questo sito, chiudendo la fascetta informativa o facendo click in una qualsiasi parte della pagina o scorrendola per evidenziare ulteriore contenuto, si accetta la Cookie Policy.Leggi di più