https://www.training-hipaa.net/hipaa-credentials/certified-hipaa-privacy-security-expert-chpse/
Certified HIPAA Privacy Security Expert (CHPSE)
Certified HIPAA Privacy Security Expert (CHPSE) is the gold standard for HIPAA credentials which is the highest level certification for core HIPAA compliance team members who are seeking extensive & in-depth HIPAA training on privacy and security rule and next steps for HIPAA compliance implementation. There is NO prerequisite for taking this certification course; you can directly take this level without taking any other courses.
This credential is recommended but not limited to:
HIPAA Privacy Officer, HIPAA Security Officer and HIPAA Compliance Officer
Core Compliance employees
IT Professionals servicing Healthcare Industry
Chief Information Officers
Risk Managers
Lawyers involved in healthcare
Software Architect
Business Analyst
Team lead of software developers
Health care quality assurance and risk managers
Business Associates of Covered Entities
Project Manager
IT Auditors
Senior Consultants
We also recommend that if you have any of the following credential, then consider taking this course as it will compliment your current credentials and will enhance your knowledge on how HIPAA affects your company.
CISSP: Certified Information Systems Security Professional
CISA: Certified Information Systems Auditor
RHIA: Registered Health Information Administrator
Security+
CISM: Certified Information Security Manager
CHPS: Certified in Healthcare Privacy and Security
HCISPP: HealthCare Information Security and Privacy Practitioners
CPC: Certified Professional Coder
CHTS: Certified Healthcare Technology Specialist
CPHIMS: Certified Professional in Healthcare Information and Management Systems.
CHC: Certified in Healthcare Compliance
CHPC: Certified in Healthcare Privacy Compliance
CIPP/US: Certified Information Privacy Professional
To understand how you can use the CHPSE logo and certificate to help grow in your career, visit this page of How to use HIPAA logo and certificate to your benefit.
CHPSE Certificate Test:
You are tested after you complete the full online course. You need to pass the 78 questions test (3 questions per chapter, 5 minutes maximum per chapter to answer the questions) with 70% to receive the HIPAA certification of Certified HIPAA Privacy Security Expert (CHPSE).
This test is for two hours ten minutes only. You get 5 minutes per chapter to answer three questions from each chapter. Once you start the test you cannot stop it. This is time bound online test. You can take the test from anywhere and at any time. There is no need to schedule for the test. Once you start the test, you need to finish it in allotted time. If you need the timeline allotted per chapter then test will stop right there.
Test Passing Grade
70%
Test Format
Multiple choice questions
Testing Center
Time bound online test can be taken from anywhere
Test Time
2 hours 10 minutes (5 minutes per chapter) (26 chapters)
Retest Cost
$180 for each attempt (Consider buying the unlimited exam option at the time of registration $180. This is available only when you register for the course. It cannot be bought later on)
Certificate Validity
3 Years
Once you pass your test you can print out your certification immediately but if you do fail you will have to pay $180 to retake CHPSE test.
CHPSE Practice Test:
CHPSE Practice Test will help the student to practice on the test before proceeding for the final test. A student can re-take the practice test till they feel comfortable for the final exam. Find more about CHPSE Practice Test
Retesting for CHPSE Test:
If you fail in the first attempt then you can take the second attempt without any waiting period.  You will be testing the sections in which you failed only. After you complete the exam, the grade will be calculated based on the total score of all exams chapters.
Certificate valid for 3 Years
Continuing Education Requirements After Getting Certified:
Once a year all students will have to go through one hour of update course (normal cost $99) which will include relevant regulation changes and other OCR/HHS activities on compliance and enforcement.
To maintain your certification, you will continue taking update courses when they are released. You will receive a new certificate when your certificate will expire if you have taken all required update courses. You will NOT be required to take any test if you have taken the update courses regularly.
Certificate for Continuing Education Credits:
Students can buy CE credits certificate for this course at the time of registration. You will receive 25 CE credits for this course through Approved Provider of California Board of Registered Nursing after completing the course.
Method of Training to get CHPSE Certified
Training Options to pursue Certified HIPAA Privacy Security Expert (CHPSE) Credentials:
Online Anytime training – Certified HIPAA Privacy Security Expert (CHPSE).
$1200 per person (includes exam cost)
HIPAA Training – Instructor Led for HIPAA Compliance Training (Level 1 & 2)
This training will prepare you for CHPSE certification test $2700 per person (Does NOT include exam cost)
Online HIPAA Training with Instructor for Online HIPAA Compliance Training (Level 1 & 2)
This training will prepare you for CHPSE certification test $3200 per person (Does NOT include exam cost)
Onsite customized HIPAA Compliance Training
Sample of CHPSE Certificate
Certified HIPAA Privacy Security Expert
Rated 4.8/5 based on 1548 reviews