http://www.lairdtech.com/privacy
Skip to main content
This Privacy and Cookies Statement is provided by Laird Performance Materials (referred to as “us”, “our”, or “we” in these terms which expressions shall include, where the context so admits, any of our relevant subsidiaries or associated companies) and relates to the information of visitors (referred to as “you” or “your” in these terms) to our website.
Laird Performance Materials is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This Privacy and Cookies Statement explains what information we collect about you, how we use and store that information and your rights in respect of that information, including how you can verify or amend the information and/or instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information.  In this statement, “third parties” means persons, firms or companies which are not subsidiary or associated companies of Laird Performance Materials.
By visiting and using this website, you consent to us:
collecting and using your information;
transmitting, processing and/or storing your information in and to counties outside Europe; and
using cookies
in each case, as set out in this Privacy and Cookies Statement.
We may change our Privacy and Cookies Statement at any time and if we do so, we will post the changes on this website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times.  We will also contact you should we make any changes so that you may have the opportunity to object to the changes so far as they relate to your data and information.
WHO WE ARE AND CONTACTING US
This website is controlled by Laird Performance Materials a company registered in China at 8 Pengfeng Rd, Songjiang Qu, Shanghai Shi, China.
If you wish to contact us about any of the information hold about you please contact us at gdpr@lairdtech.com or write to us at the above address.  Our full contact details are given in the “Contacts” section of this website.
EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Laird Performance Materials has notified the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) under the terms of the EU GDPR that information may be obtained about individuals, and a full list of the companies for which notification has been given is available upon request by email to gdpr@lairdtech.com.
INFORMATION GATHERED BY US
At various points throughout the website, we may ask you to provide personal information so that we can provide services to you.  We may collect the personal information you provide to us (and the information we collect from you, as described below) in a file specific to you, and we may use your information to investigate or resolve problems or disputes, or to enforce our legal rights.
We may collect your name, email address, postal address, employer, job description and industry.We gather this information to allow us to process your request and the relevant information is then used by us to communicate with you in the form that you require.
Note to all users, including residents of California and Utah, we will not rent nor sell your information to any third parties without your permission, but we may share your information with our subsidiaries, affiliates or joint ventures for use by them only in accordance with this policy.  By providing us with the information, you consent to us doing this.
OTHER INFORMATION THAT COLLECTED/AUTOMATICALLY LOGGED
When you enter and use our website, we automatically collect Analytics Information.  “Analytics Information” shall mean your internet protocol (“IP”) address, the type of web browser that you are using, the operating system that your computer or mobile phone uses, and the URL of the website you were on before you reached our website in order to gather broad demographic information and for other purposes, such as monitoring visitor frequency.  The IP address does not identify you as an individual, but only the computer that is being used to view the website.
We use the Analytics Information to produce statistics about the users of our website, including the numbers of unique visitors to the website and what software they use. In turn, these statistics are used to channel effort into further developing our website to meet the needs of our users.
COOKIES
You may be aware that there is a technology called “cookies”. For the purposes of this Privacy and Cookies Statement, cookies include similar technologies, for example clear gifs, internet tag technologies, web beacons, and embedded scripts. These are small text files that are transferred from the website to the hard drive of your computer.  We use cookies to enable the website to work more efficiently and to provide us with information about your activities on the website.
Our cookies will not allow us to obtain information of a personal nature that will identify you to us, such as your name and address.  We will only be aware of such information if you provide the information to us, or you have set the preferences in your browser to provide this information automatically.
Details of the cookies we use are as follows.
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features.  Without these cookies the services you have asked for, such as print baskets, cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often.  These cookies do not collect information that identifies a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the website works.  By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, these cookies can be used to remember the volume level you prefer to use when watching videos on our website.  The information these cookies collect may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting cookies: These cookies record your visit to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our websites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
By using our website or otherwise clicking on the “Accept” button of our cookies notice, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.
Cookies
Cookie Name
Purpose
Type
[Session Cookies]
[SSESS<unique id>]
These cookies are used to maintain session states.  For example, they remember whether or not you are logged on.
Strictly Necessary
[Laird]
[cookie-agreed, has_js]
The cookies are used to remember anonymous data like if you agreed, declined or ignored the cookie agreement and whether your browser has Javascript enabled.
Strictly Necessary
[Qualaroo]
[ki_r, ki_s, ki_t, ki_u]
These cookies are used to store anonymous information about your user experience (like page view counts) and provide a survey to help us improve website information and structure.
Performance
[Google Analytics]
[_ga, _gid, _gat, _gat_UA-<unique id>]
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website and are used to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.
For more information, please refer to:
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
Performance
[JW Video Player]
[jwplayer.volume]
These cookies are used to remember your preferences in the JW Player.  For example, they remember the current volume state, the current mute state, and the last known bandwidth.
Functionality
[Targeting Cookies for Remarketing]
These cookies are used to track your use of the website and to send you target ads on the website or a third-party website based upon the pages you have visited.
Targeting
[AddThis]
[__atuvc, __atuvs, Uit, Ssh, Sshs, Ssc, Uid, Uvc, psc]
These cookies are used to track usage of AddThis links. The cookies may be set and used on other websites too. AddThis explain their cookies (anonymous tracking cookies) here and offer an opt-out mechanism here.
Targeting
[Pardot]
[visitor_id<unique id>, visitor_id< unique id>-hash]
These cookies are set to remember preferences (like form field values) when you return the site as well as your activity on the site to target information for a better experience.
Functionality, Targeting
[Dynatrace]
[dtCookie, dtLatC, dtPC, dtSa, btBw, rxVisitor, rxvt]
These cookies are used to monitor performance by gathering anonymous information like page load times.
Performance
Your web browser may allow some control of most cookies through your browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.  Please note that you may delete and block all cookies used by this website, but if you do so parts of the website may not work.
You may opt-out of cookie consent and remove all non-essential by clicking here.
The use of third-party cookies is not covered by our Privacy and Cookies Statement.We do not have access or control over these cookies.If you continue to use our website, we will assume you agree to the use of these cookies.You may visit the following links from our third-party providers to opt-out of their tracking and learn about their privacy practices:
Google Analytics:
To view Google’s privacy policy, please visit: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
To opt-out, please download and install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on by visiting: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
MARKETING
We will only use your information to provide you with details of products and services you have requested.  We may use the following marketing methods to communicate with you: post, fax, telephone, email, SMS or via applications available on the Internet, such as pop-ups.  If at any time you do not wish to receive such communications, then you may opt out by emailing or writing to us (see “Contact us”, below).
Interest-Based Ads
Unaffiliated third parties may use cookies and other technologies on our website to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites you visit in order to provide you with interest-based advertising. We may use Google’s Adwords, and you can opt out of receiving these ads as provided by Google at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en.  You can generally opt-out of receiving interest-based advertisements from members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance by visiting their opt-out pages: (http://www.networkadvertising.
org/choices/) and (http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). When you opt-out using these links, please note that you may still receive advertisements, but the advertisements just will not be personalized based on your interests or internet usage history.
Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. Given that there is not a uniform way that browsers communicate the “Do Not Track” signal, our website does not currently interpret, respond to or alter its practices when it receives “Do Not Track” signals. However, we do provide choices about what Laird Performance Materials ads you receive through the opt-out links in the Cookies section above.
DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION
Any information that is gathered from visitors to this website is used by us to respond to enquiries, manage our relationship with you, provide you with marketing material where you have opted to receive this or for any regular mailing lists for which you have submitted your information.
If our business or any part of our business is sold or integrated with another business your data and information may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and may be passed on to the new owners of the business or relevant part of the business who may use such data and information for the various purposes given in this Privacy and Cookies Statement.
We may be obliged by law to disclose information about you to law enforcement agencies, government bodies or other third parties in respect of investigations of fraud, intellectual property infringement or other activity that is or may be illegal, in breach of a third party's rights or for other regulatory purposes.
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, including you, to third parties for the purposes of analysis by us or them. Credit card and bank account numbers will never be disclosed in this form. Where your personal information is collected on our behalf by third parties (such as for the purposes of surveys), we will ensure that the third parties comply with this policy.
SECURITY
To safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, we implement commercially reasonable security measures in line with industry standard practices. Our web servers are housed behind a secure firewall that prevents access to our databases from unauthorized users. All of our servers are housed in a secure environment and is protected by physical security, together with limiting access to authorized staff only. Even though we maintain security measures in line with industry standard practices, neither we nor our subcontractors can promise (and you should not expect) that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.  For example (and without limiting the previous statement), third parties may unlawfully intercept your communications, or access our system or other networks which are connected to the Internet.
TRANSFERS OF YOUR INFORMATION OVERSEAS
We may transmit, process or store your information in, or to, countries outside of Europe, for example our web servers may be hosted in a different country in the future. The laws protecting personal information in those countries may not be as stringent as those applicable within the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Europe; however we will continue to hold and transmit your information in a confidential and secure environment as explained in this policy.  By submitting your information to us and requesting information from Laird Performance Materials, you consent to us making these transfers.
Commitment to Children’s Privacy
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, 15 U.S.C., §§ 6501-06 and 16 C.F.R., §§ 312.1-312.12, the website does collect information from children under 13 years of age, and we do not intentionally collect information from persons under eighteen (18) years of age.Use of the website is limited to users that are eighteen (18) years of age and older. By using the website, you represent that you are eighteen (18) years of age or older.
TELLING YOU WHAT INFORMATION WE HOLD ABOUT YOU
If you wish to know what information about you we hold please contact us by email at gdpr@lairdtech.com or by post at the address set out in paragraph 1.  We may charge you as permitted by UK legislation for providing you with details of you information that we hold.
REMOVING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION
If you request us to remove your personal information from our database or you wish us to amend or change the information we hold about you on our database, we will remove amend or change any such information on your request.  Such request should be made by email at gdpr@lairdtech.com or by post at the address set out in paragraph 1.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy and Cookies Statement, how we run the website or your dealings with our website, please send an email to us at web.master@lairdtech.com
APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION
The terms of this Privacy and Cookies Statement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of China.