https://www.b2binternational.com/privacy-policy/
About B2B International
What We Do
Our Expertise
Industries We’ve Worked In
International Research / Locations
Insights
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Home > Privacy Policy
Last updated: 20th September 2019.
B2B International Limited (referred to as “our”, “us” and “we” in this notice) is part of Dentsu Aegis Network, a global media group. We help our clients to improve how they advertise and market, whether by print, post, email or on websites. We believe that the responsible use of data supports business growth and builds strong relationships between brand and consumer. As a business, we are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of all individuals with whom we interact. We are committed to being transparent in our handling of personal information and processing personal information at all times in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws.
This Privacy Notice explains what personal information we collect from you, how we use it and what your rights are.
This privacy notice does not apply to B2B International’s processing of employee personal data, which is subject to a separate privacy notice available through internal company systems. If you have any questions, please contact dpo@dentsuaegis.com.
This Privacy Notice explains the following:
What personal information we collect;
How we use this information;
How long we keep your personal information;
How we secure your personal information;
Information Sharing and Disclosure;
International and group company transfers of personal information;
Your rights regarding the personal information you provide to us;
Our responsibility for website links;
Updates;
How to contact us.
In the Supplementary Information section of this Privacy Notice, we explain what is meant by “personal information” and other terms used in this notice.
The organisation collecting your personal data is B2B International Limited, which is the data controller in respect of any personal data processed by us. We are registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK under number Z4772763. You can check the register here https://ico.org.uk/.
We have a data protection officer, who can be contacted at dpo@dentsuaegis.com.
What personal information we collect
We may collect personal information in a number of different contexts.
What personal information we collect during the course of our market research studies
B2B International conducts market research surveys on behalf of our clients / survey sponsors. These studies collect data for research purposes only and the information gathered is not used for marketing or sales. Unless you are specifically informed otherwise (for example by specifically consenting for your personal information to be shared with our client) , the details you provide are used for aggregated analysis – that is, responses are pooled with those of other survey participants and are reported to our clients / survey sponsors anonymously.
We may collect information such as name, job title, company name, e-mail address and job title from certain public and non-public sources, such as corporate websites and third-party business contact data suppliers. We may also receive the information such as name, job title, company name, e-mail address and job title from our clients, who are usually suppliers of services looking for feedback on their products, services or industry from their customers.
In online surveys, we may collect your IP address. This is only used for quality checking purposes and to prevent fraud. We never use an IP address to identify individuals.
What personal information we collect on our website
We collect information such as name, job title, company name, postal address, e-mail address and telephone number. This information may be shared through forms, e-mail or via telephone. Where personal information is collected through our website or our online services in this way, this will be clearly indicated.
We collect information about how you use our website and the device(s) you use to access our site. This includes collecting unique mobile device ID or the internet protocol (IP) address online identifiers, which are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet. This information is linked to a cookie ID, which we receive and process.
For detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our Cookie Notice [https://www.b2binternational.com/cookies-notice/] .
We also collect information about you if you make use of any of the interactive features
within our website that rely on a personalised response, or where you ask us to respond to a query you have, or add your details to one of our alert or subscription services. The information we collect is limited to the details we need to provide the specific service you have asked for.
We do not collect sensitive information, such as your political or religious beliefs, ethnic background, sexual preference, health or any other sensitive information.
We do not actively seek to collect information about children aged 16 or under.
If you have any concerns about your child’s privacy in relation to our services, or if you believe that your child may have entered personal information onto our website, please contact us at dpo@dentsuaegis.com. We will delete such information from our records within a reasonable time.
How we use this information
Except where required by law, we use the personal data you provide for the following purposes:
to provide market research services to our clients;
to deliver the specific information or services you have requested;
to enable the download of our content;
send you newsletters and information relating to our brands and services;
respond to your requests and feedback; and
analyse and/or improve our services.
Under data protection law we are required to advise you on the legal basis for processing your personal data. For the most part, the processing of your personal information is based either on a) our legitimate interests related to us providing you services you have requested or otherwise your customer relationship with us, or b) your consent, where requested.
In the table below we set out further information about the purposes for which we use your personal data and the legal basis we rely on for its use. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Purpose/Activity
Types of personal data that may be processed
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
Collection of personal information from public sources
(a) Name (b) Email address (c) Company (d) Telephone number (e) job title
Necessary for our legitimate interests of sourcing potential participants to a market research study, in a business-to-business context and largely using corporate office switchboard numbers.
To contact you to conduct a market research study
(a) Name (b) Email address (c) Company (d) Telephone number (e) job title
To the extent that we collect information that has not been passed to us by our clients (in which case our client will provide an approach lawful basis for contacting you, with our client acting as data controller), we rely on your consent to contact you to continue a market research study.
To conduct the market research study including recording responses and developing a report for our client/survey sponsor; verifying or validating answers you provide, including for internal quality control purposes; and to obtain extended (open-ended) information that helps to provide context for your survey responses – for example, the nature of a complaint that has arisen while using our clients’ products or services
(a) Name (b) Email address (c) Company (d) Telephone number (e) job title
(f) IP address (for online surveys) (g) other personal information which may be shared during the course of a market research interview
We rely on your consent to process personal information relating to your continued participation in a market research study.
To the extent that we make audio or visual recordings of a market research study, our lawful basis is our legitimate interest in creating a record of the discussion to support our creation of an accurate report for our client/survey sponsor. You will always be notified before any recording takes place. You should not participate in a study which involves recording, if you are not happy to be recorded.
To share your personal information with our client or survey sponsor
(a)	Name (b) Audio or visual recording (c) Attributed quotations (d) Job title
In some cases, we may ask for your consent to share your personal data and responses with a third party in digital (data file), audio or some other format. You are under no obligation to agree to this and you will always be informed who these third parties are (usually the survey sponsor). We would share this personal information on the basis of your consent.
To manage incentives
(a) Name (b) E-mail address (c) Job title
Some projects may include an incentive for taking part. These incentives will be processed by B2B international staff. Incentives will usually be in the form of a gift voucher or charitable donation. Incentives will only be awarded if a survey or research activity is fully completed. We process this personal information on the basis of your consent.
To send you information about our services: · To send you information which you have requested e.g. newsletters or publications in accordance with your specified preferences
(a)
Name (b) Email address (c) Company (d) Location
Where you have requested information from us, such as newsletters, publications or event invitations, we send such communications based on your consent. You can ask us to stop such communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the message.
To improve and develop our website:
· We conduct statistical analysis on your usage of the website e.g. to enable us to improve our website, offer new features and material etc.
(a)
Technical (b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interest (to define types of clients for our services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To deliver relevant content to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the content we serve to you.
(a)
Name (b) Email address (c) Company (d) Location (e) Usage (f) Marketing and communications (g) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how clients use our service and engage with our content. To develop our service, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy).
To respond to any enquiries or feedback that you send us· To update you with any changes to our terms and conditions/other policies
(a)
Name (b) Email address (c) Company (d) Location
It is in our legitimate interest to respond to communications that you send to us, inform you of relevant information in relation to the services that we provide and utilise your information to improve our business.
To reach out with information on our products and services relevant to your needs
(a)
Name (b) Email address (c) Location (d) Usage
It is our legitimate interests to work out which of our products or services may interest you and tell you about them. Our offices outside of the UK may reach out to you with such information based on your consent.
To share information with our service providers.
(a)
Name (b) Email address (c) Usage (d) Marketing and communications (e) Technical
It is our legitimate business interest to share your data with trusted third parties who provide us with services relevant to the provision of our website.
To share information within the Dentsu Aegis Network group.
(a)
Name (b) Email address (c) Location (d) Usage
As Dentsu Aegis Network operates as a global operating media company, it is our legitimate business interest to share your data within the Dentsu Aegis Network group in order to manage our business effectively and provide our products and services.
To share information with other third parties, such as regulator and law enforcement agencies
(a)
Name (b) Email address(c) Location (d) Usage (e) Technical
We share your data as necessary for compliance with any legal obligation to which we are subject or in order to satisfy our legitimate business interests.
How long we keep your personal information
We store your personal information in accordance with legal, regulatory, financial and best-practice business requirements.
Once your personal information is no longer necessary, we will securely delete/destroy your data in line with our data retention policies.
Our standard retention period for personal data relating to market research studies is 3 years.
How we secure your personal information
We maintain appropriate organisational and technological safeguards to help protect against unauthorised use, access to or accidental loss, alteration or destruction of personal data. We also seek to ensure our service providers do the same.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We may send personal data collected from research surveys to third party organizations, but only when:
We have your express consent to share the information with a research sponsor for a specified and limited purpose (e.g. to resolve a customer service problem);
We need to share this information to provide you with information you have specifically requested;
We need to respond to court orders or the requests of law enforcement agencies;
We retain a third party to provide us with services, subject to that third party being able to comply with relevant legal requirements and obligations regarding the use of personal data;
In addition, we have offices and operations in a number of international locations and we share information between our group companies for business and administrative purposes.
Your personal information may also be stored in one or more databases hosted by third parties.
These third parties do not have use or access to your personal information for any purpose other than cloud storage or retrieval.
Where required or permitted by law, personal information may be provided to others, such as regulators and law enforcement agencies, for example in response to a court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, and as otherwise required by law.
From time to time, we may consider corporate transactions such as a merger, acquisition, reorganisation, asset sale, or similar.
In these instances, we may transfer or allow access to information to enable the assessment and undertaking of that transaction. If we buy or sell any business or assets, personal information may be transferred to third parties involved in the transaction.
International and group company transfers of personal information
We are part of an international group of companies and, as such, from time to time we may transfer personal information concerning you to countries outside the European Union (“EU”).
Where we transfer personal information outside of EU, we either transfer personal information to countries that provide an adequate level of protection (as determined by the European Commission) or we have appropriate safeguards in place.
Appropriate safeguards to cover these transfers include standard contractual/data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission.
Where we transfer personal information between our group companies, we have covered these transfers by entering into standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.
If you would like more information on the any of the data transfer mechanisms on which we rely please contact us at using the details provided below.
Your rights regarding the personal information you provide to us
General rights
If you wish to stop receiving marketing communications from us then please click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the relevant mailing. If you wish to opt-out completely then please contact us at using the details provided below.
If you would like us to delete your information from our records, please contact us using the contact details below and we will respond within a reasonable time. Please note that we may be required to retain certain information by law and/or for our own legitimate business purpose.
Users from the EU
If you are from the EU, you have rights (with some exceptions and restrictions) to:
object to our processing of your personal information.
You can object at any time and we shall stop processing the information you have objected to, unless we can show compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing;
access your personal information. If you make this kind of request and we hold personal information about you, we are required to provide you with information on it, including a description and copy of the personal information and why we are processing it;
request erasure of your personal information in certain circumstances.
request correction or updating of the personal information that we hold about you and that is inaccurate;
request the restriction of our processing of your personal information in some situations. If you request this, we can continue to store your personal information but are restricted from processing it while the restriction is in place;
withdraw your consent to our use of your personal information at any time. When you use our website you may have been asked to consent to the use of cookies. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information that has been derived from cookies. If you do withdraw consent, that will not affect the lawfulness of what we have done with your personal information before you withdrew consent;
object to our use of your personal information for direct marketing;
request portability of your personal information that we hold, in certain circumstances;
complain to your local data protection authority about our collection or use of your personal information. For example, in the UK, the local data protection authority is the UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
If you exercise the rights above and there is any question about who you are, we may require you to provide information from which we can satisfy ourselves as to your identity.
If you are from the EU and would like to exercise any of these rights in relation to any information we hold about you via this website please contact us using the contact details provided below. We will consider and respond to your request in accordance with the relevant law.
Our responsibility for website links
This Privacy Notice is limited to the personal data collected by B2B International Limited. We may provide links within our website to other websites, including social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. If you follow these links, you should use these sites in conjunction with their applicable user and privacy notices as their data practices fall outside the scope of this Privacy Notice. Further, we can have no responsibility for or control over the information collected by any third-party website and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you may provide on such websites.
Updates
This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in law, best practice or a change in our practices regarding the treatment of personal data.
The date of the most recent revision will appear at the top of this page. If you do not agree to the changes, please do not continue to use our services and please refrain from sharing your personal data with us. You should check this notice frequently for updates.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, our approach to privacy or you would like to exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Notice you can contact our Data Protection Officer in any of the following ways:
Address: Data Protection Officer, Dentsu Aegis Network, Regent’s Place, 10 Triton Street, London, NW1 3BF
Telephone: (+44) (0) 207 070 7700
Email: dpo@dentsuaegis.com
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION
In this Supplementary Information section, we explain some of terminology used in this Privacy Notice.
“data controller” – the person or company that controls the purposes and means of processing personal data.
“personal data” – any information that relates to you (or from which you can be identified).
“processing”– means doing anything with data. For example, it includes collecting it, holding it, disclosing it and deleting it.
“transfer” – sending personal information outside the European Economic Area (e.g. by storing it on equipment located outside the European Economic Area), or allowing someone from outside the European Economic Area to access the personal information.
This site uses cookies to improve your visit. By continuing, you agree to the use of cookies. Continue