http://www.secondventure.com/donor_privacy_policy.asp
About MS
Programs
News Center
Publications
Videos
Site Preferences
Contact MSAA
Home
Login
Register Now
Why Register?
Print Page
FINDING ANSWERS
S.E.A.R.C.H.™
My MS Manager™
My MS Resource Locator
MSi Educational Videos and Webcasts
MSAA MRI Institute
MRI Diagnostic Fund
Public Education Campaign
MS Medications
Clinical Trial Information
OFFERING LIFELINES
Toll-free Telephone Helpline
Lending Library
MSAA Publications
Información en Español
STAYING CONNECTED
Support Group Resources
Educational Events
Networking
MS Coalition
MSAA Leaders
EASING DAILY LIFE
Equipment Distribution
Cooling Equipment Distribution
BREAKING DOWN BARRIERS
Barrier-Free Housing
Program Applications
Contact MSAA's Programs & Services Department
Contact Your Local MSAA Regional Office
Donor Privacy Policy
Donor Rights
MSAA has created and follows the Fundraising Standards established by the Board of Directors. These standards include:
Truthfulness in communication
Communications and donor expectations and intent
Reporting to donors
Controls over solicitors
Acknowledgements of grants,donations, and gifts in-kind
Donor requests
Registration of fundraising consultants
Acceptance of gifts
MSAA adheres to the Donor Bill of Rights, created by the American Association of Fund Raising Counsel (AAFRC), the Association for Healthcare Philanthropy (AHP), the Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP), and the Council for Advancement and Support of Education (CASE). The full text of the Donor Bill of Rights can be found at www.afpnet.org/Ethics/content.cfm?ItemNumber=3094&navItemNumber=537.
Donor Bill of Rights
As Published by the Association of Fundraising Professionals at www.afpnet.org.
Philanthropy is based on voluntary actions for the common good. It is a tradition of giving and sharing that is primary to the quality of life. To ensure that philanthropy merits the respect and trust of the general public, and that donors and prospective donors can have full confidence in the nonprofit organizations and causes they are asked to support, we declare that all donors have these rights:
To be informed of the organization's mission, of the way the organization intends to use donated resources, and its capacity to use donations effectively for their intended purposes .
To be informed of the identity of those serving on the organization's governing board, and to expect the board to exercise prudent judgment in its stewardship responsibilities.
To have access to the organization's most recent financial statements.
To be assured their gifts will be used for the purposes for which they were given.
To receive appropriate acknowledgement and recognition.
To be assured that information about their donation is handled with respect and with confidentiality to the extent provided by law.
To expect that all relationships with individuals representing organizations of interest to the donor will be professional in nature.
To be informed whether those seeking donations are volunteers, employees of the organization, or hired solicitors.
To have the opportunity for their names to be deleted from mailing lists that an organization may intend to share.
To feel free to ask questions when making a donation and to receive prompt, truthful and forthright answers.
If you have any questions please contact MSAA's Development office by phone (800) 532-7667, ext. 159 or through email at webmaster@msassociation.org.
Security of Donation
If you are making a donation to MSAA online you will be directed to a secure website where you can make a donation to MSAA via credit card. MSAA will not be sharing this information you provide with any outside parties. All donations that are made online will only be handled by those who are either contracted by MSAA or are members of the internal staff. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purpose of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
About MS
|
Programs |
News Center |
Publications |
Videos |
Site Preferences |
Contact MSAA |
Home
MSAA is
a proud member of
This site complies with the
HONcode standard for trustworthy health information: verify here.
Follow us on:
Reproduction of material from any msaassociation.org pages without written permission is strictly prohibited.
Copyright 2013 MSAA - Multiple Sclerosis Association of America
National Headquarters: 706 Haddonfield Road, Cherry Hill, NJ 08002
Telephone (856) 488-4500 | Fax (856) 661-9797 | Toll Free (800) 532-7667
E-mail: msaa@msassociation.org | msassociation.org Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
| Donor Privacy Policy
Last Updated: Thursday, March 21, 2013