http://www.jogordon.com/pages/terms
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
DeliveryShipping is charged by weight as it appears on your orderUK orders are sent by 1st class Royal Mail, 1–2 days. European orders are sent by Royal Mail, 5–7 days. USA and rest of world are sent by Royal Mail - Tracked & Signed , 7–10 days. ReturnsIf you are unhappy or find fault with your purchase please return it within 28 days and we will fully refund you. It must be unworn and in its original packaging. It is always best to send goods by recorded or special delivery and retain the proof of postage. Any items which are returned will be at your own expense and Jo Gordon Ltd can not be liable for any goods that do not reach us. Any returned orders from outside the UK need to be marked: "Returned British Goods and No VAT or Duty Due" so that no taxes are levied. Please return to Jo Gordon Ltd. using the address at the top of the page. We cannot accept returns for socks. Gift CardsPurchasing:1. Choose the value of the gift card you want to give, and add it to your cart.2. When you check out, you will receive an email with an order confirmation.3. Once we have processed your payment you will be sent an email with a link to your very own gift card page. On this page will be your Gift Card code.4. You can either share the email or URL with a special friend, or print out the page and give it to them in person!Redeeming:1. Once you have chosen your items, continue to checkout to complete your order.2. On the final step of the checkout process (after you have submitted your shipping/delivery details) you will see the section in which to insert your unique Gift Card code. You do not have to use all of the gift card value at once! Once used, your gift card page will update to reflect the remaining balance of the gift card. You can then use that on your next jogordon.com purchase.If your Gift Card is of insufficient value for the purchase, you simply supplement the balance through the normal purchasing process.Our gift cards have no additional processing fees.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh