http://www.natbankmal.com/privacy-policy-internet.php
Online Banking Login
Click here to log in to our new Online Banking.
Personal
Checking Accounts
Savings Accounts
CDs & IRAs
Loans
Business
Business Banking
Business Saving
Business Loans
Rates
Services
Trust Services
Online Banking
Mobile Banking
e-Statements
Order Checks
Financial Calculators
About Us
Our History
Branches & Hours
Contact Us
Online Security
Online Privacy Practices
The National Bank of Malvern
We
gather information online that helps us protect you; maintain the security of
our website, and to provide the online services that you request.  We do this through the use of cookies and the
information that you submit to us online.
Types of Information Collected
Information
that we receive from online applications, forms, or emails.
Transaction
information that you submit through our online banking service.
The
Internet address (referral site) which brought you to our web site.
The
name and version of your web browser.
Your
Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time you access our web site.
Pages
visited on our website and the duration of your online session.
Reasons We Collect This Information
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your accounts, and
respond to your online requests.
For security purposes -
such as to maintain a secure session, authenticate your computer,
verify transactions, and detect fraudulent transactions.
For site management -
to improve the site navigation, resolve performance issues, tailor
the content that we display to you online.
Sharing of Online Information
Online Information may be shared
with our service providers for processing your requests and for everyday
business purposes as further described in our Privacy Policy.
Protection of Online Information
To protect your personal
information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that
comply with federal law.  These measures
include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
External 3rd Party Links
Our
website may include links to other 3rd party web sites.  These links to external 3rd parties are
offered as a courtesy and a convenience to our customers.
When
you visit these sites, you will leave our website and will be redirected to
another site. This Institution does not control linked 3rd party web
sites.
We
are not an agent for these third parties nor do we endorse or guarantee their
products.
We
make no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy of the information
contained in linked sites.  We suggest that you always verify the
information obtained from linked websites before acting upon this information.
Also, please be aware that the security and privacy policies on these sites may
be different from our policies, so please read third party privacy and security
policies closely.
This privacy policy applies solely to the Customer
Information collected by this Institution.
Third Party Cookies
Our Service Providers may use
cookies to collect some the above information. In some cases you must accept
cookies in order to view our website or perform online banking
transactions.   These cookies do not
store any personally identifiable information; they simply provide another
level of security and help us analyze website activity.
When
you click on advertisements in our website or advertisements on linked 3rd
party web sites, you may receive another cookie; however, you do not have to
accept any cookies from third party advertisements.
Email Policies
When you enroll for our online
services, we will send you a welcome email.
We may also send emails marketing various products and services offered
by this Institution. We will always provide you an opportunity to opt-in or
opt-out of marketing related emails.
We will also send security related
email notices when you sign-up for “notify me” alerts on your account(s) or whenever
you change your passcode, security question, or email address.
If you agree to accept electronic
disclosures and/or online account statements, we may also send you notices of
important account updates through email. For example, we may send you an email
with updates to this privacy policy and/or we may send you a notice that you
have an important message within online banking.  For more information on how to enroll for
electronic disclosures, please contact us at 610-647-0100.
We will never send you an email
asking for personal information such as your account number, ATM card number,
PIN number, social security number, or login information.
Privacy of Children
We do not knowingly
collect names, emails addresses, or any other personally identifiable
information from children.
We do not knowingly
market to children, nor do we allow children under 13 to open online accounts.
Questions
If
you have any questions about our privacy policy or concerns about our privacy
practices, please contact us at 610-647-0100 or info@natbankmal.com
^top
Copyright © 2020 The National Bank of Malvern. All rights reserved.
Privacy Notice | Internet Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Site Map