http://www.wainhouse.com/pages/wr-privacy.html
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Wainhouse Research LLC. ("WR", "we" or "us"). This policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore, the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy. We reserve the right to change the provisions of this policy at any time. The policy may have been updated if the date on the Policy has changed since previously reviewed.
This website and WR take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small files saved to the user's computer's hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
We may use cookies to remember personal settings you have chosen at our website. In no other context do we use cookies to collect information that identifies you personally.
We use anonymous cookies to help you navigate the website and make the most of the features. If you log into the website as a registered user, your cookie will also contain your user ID so that we can check which services you are allowed to access.
The WR website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computer's hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. Should users wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from WR's website to their web browser, they should take necessary steps within their web browser's security settings to block all cookies while using our website.
Personal information
While using our website, software applications or services, you may be required to provide personal information (name, address, email, account details, etc.). We will use this information to administer our website, applications, client databases and marketing material. We take reasonable measures to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. In addition to our own internal databases, your data may also be kept on reputable third party services for exclusive access and use by WR - including but not limited to MailChimp, Salesforce.com, Publish Interactive, and SurveyGizmo.
Further, by providing telephone, fax and email details, you consent to WR contacting you using that method. You have the right at any time to request a copy of the personal information we hold on you. Should you wish to receive a copy of this, or would like to be removed from our database, please contact us at inquiries@wainhouse.com.
Information collection and use
WR collects information in two possible ways:
When you sign up for our marketing email list, register for an account on our site, purchase our products or communicate with us, you may choose to voluntarily give us certain information - for example, by filling in text boxes or completing registration forms. All this information requires a direct action by you at that time in order for us to receive it.
Depending on your settings or the privacy policies for other online services, you may give us permission to obtain information from your account with those other services. For example, this can be via social media or by choosing to send us your location data when accessing our website from your smartphone.
How We Manage Your Data
We understand that you trust us with your personal information and we are committed to ensuring you can manage the privacy and security of your personal information yourself.
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information, gathered as a result of filling out any form on this site, to anyone.
With respect to the information relating to you that ends up in our possession, and recognizing that it is your choice to provide us with your personally identifiable information, we commit to giving you the ability to do the following:
You can verify the details you have submitted to WR by contacting our customer services team. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information, including your e-mail address and possibly your address.
You can also contact us by the same method to change, correct, or delete your personal information controlled by WR regarding your profile at any time. Please note though that, if you have shared any information with others through social media channels, that information may remain visible, even if your account is deleted.
You are also free to close your account through our account settings. If you do so, your account will be deactivated. However, we may retain archived copies of your information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes (including to help address fraud and spam).
You can always feel free to update us on your details at any point by (for our email list) clicking on the "Update" link at the bottom of any marketing email or (for user accounts on wainhouse.com) by logging in to your user account and clicking on "Your Account" at the top of our home page.
You can unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails from us by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing email. If you receive "Email Updates" that are generated by your user account on the WR Content Portal, you can unsubscribe to these by logging into your account, click on "Your Account" on the top of our home page, select the "Edit" tab, look for the "Email Update Preferences" pull-down and then selecting "None". Once you do both as required, you will no longer receive any emails from us.
Please note - we are constantly reviewing how we process and protect data. Therefore, changes to our policy may occur at any time.
© 2019 Wainhouse Research LLC · Tel +1 617 500 8090