http://www.endlichphoto.com/index.php/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Endlich Photo
Navigation Menu
Home
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Appliance Repair
Carpet Cleaning
Driving Schools
Garage Door
Glass Repair Company
Lawn Care
Home »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At end lich photo, accessible from http://www.endlichphoto.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by end lich photo and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at supportteam@endlichphoto.com
Log Files
end lich photo follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, end lich photo uses ‘cookies’. These cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of end lich photo. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the GDPR Privacy Policy Generator and the Terms and Conditions Template.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on end lich photo, which are sent directly to users’ browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that end lich photo has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Pary Privacy Policies
end lich photo’s Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children’s Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
end lich photo does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in end lich photo. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
Search for:
Recent Posts
How to Hire the Right Emergency Glass Repair Company?
Different Types of Carpet Materials
How Does a Refrigerator Operate?
Different Types of Carpet Materials
Outdoors Games for the Family
Recent Comments Archives
March 2020
August 2019
July 2019
April 2019
March 2019
Categories
Appliance Repair
Carpet Cleaning
Driving Schools
Garage Door
Glass Repair Company
Lawn Care