http://www.visualworks.co.uk/privacypolicy
Home
privacypolicyPrivacy Policy
Privacy policy
The The Visual Works (TVW) collects certain information or data about you when you use our websites.
We collect:
questions, queries, answers, notes or feedback you leave, including your email address if you submit them on a form on our websites
your email address and subscription preferences when you sign up to our email alerts, and how you use our emails - for example whether you open them and which links you click on
your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and details of which version of web browser you used
information on how you use our websites, using cookies and page tagging techniques
This data can be viewed by authorised staff at The Visual Works to:
improve  websites by monitoring how you use them
gather feedback to improve our services
respond to any feedback you send, if you’ve asked us to
send email alerts to users who request them
provide you with information about our services if you want it
Where your data is stored
We store your data on secure servers in the UK.
Keeping your data secure
Sending information over the internet is generally not completely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of your data while it’s in transit.
Any data you sumbit to us is at your own risk.
We have procedures and security features in place to keep your data secure once we receive it.
Disclosing your information
We may pass on your personal information if we have a legal obligation to do so, or if we have to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements. This includes exchanging information with government departments for legal reasons.
We won’t share your information with any other organisations for marketing, market research or commercial purposes, and we don’t pass on your details to other websites.
Your rights
You can find out what information we hold about you, and ask us not to use any of the information we collect by contacting us.
If you’ve signed up for email alerts, you can unsubscribe or change your settings at any time by selecting the ‘unsubscribe’ link that appears in every alert email.
Following a link to another website
If you go to another website from this one, read the privacy policy on that website to find out what it does with your information.
Following a link to visualworks.co.uk from another website
If you come to visualworks.co.uk from another website, we may receive information from the other website. We don’t use this data. You should read the privacy policy of the website you came from to find out more about this.
Call Us
01584 856 777
Find Us
The Visual WorksChurch Farm StudiosStanton LacySY8 2AE
Get Directions
Drop us a Line
Full Name
Email Address
Telephone No.
Enquiry