http://www.comply1.com/privacyPolicy.asp
Logical Technology Inc. Privacy Policy
Information LOGICAL Collects and How We Use It
Collection of personal information
You may choose to provide personal information (for example your name, address, telephone number and email address) on this or other LOGICAL websites, however not providing this may result in reduced functionality. LOGICAL's usage of this information will be consistent with this Policy or the policy associated with the applicable LOGICAL site.
Children's Privacy
This website is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen on this site or other LOGICAL sites. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen, we will delete the information from our records.
Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like most companies, LOGICAL may use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") on our websites to facilitate and improve your online experience.
How we use cookies
Cookies contain small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit our website. Cookies are sent back to our website to allow us to recognize your device.
Unless you disable the cookies on our website, by using our website you agree to our use of those cookies.
Sharing tools
To enhance your experience on our websites, we sometimes embed content and sharing tools from other (third party) sites, such as "like" buttons from social networking sites; these third party sites may also place and access cookies on your device. LOGICAL does not control the placement or access of these third party cookies. You should check the relevant third party website(s) for more information about these cookies and whether and how you may make choices about them.
Use of Personal Information
We may use the personal information collected about you for the following purposes:
Provide, administer and communicate with you about products, services, events, surveys and promotions by LOGICAL or our affiliates (including by sending you marketing communications);
Process, evaluate and respond to your requests, inquiries and applications;
Create, administer and communicate with you about your account (including any purchases and payments); Provide investor services;
Verify your identity to ensure security for the other purposes listed here;
Evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment;
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; performing market research; determining and managing the effectiveness of our advertising and marketing; analyzing our products, services and websites; administering our websites; and performing accounting, auditing, billing, reconciliation and collection activities);
Protect against and prevent fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and manage risk exposure and quality;
Conduct investigations and comply and enforce applicable legal requirements or, industry standards and our policies and terms, such as this and other LOGICAL sites' terms of use; and Ensure the safety of LOGICAL network services, information resources and employees.
We also may use personal information for other additional purposes. We will identify these additional purposes at the time of collection.
Sharing and Transferring of Your Personal Information
Sharing & Transfers
We do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our website visitors outside LOGICAL and its affiliates, except as described here.
We may share information provided by our visitors to this and other LOGICAL sites with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf. These service providers are contractually restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
We may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials as required to comply with a legitimate legal request, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including through bankruptcy).
How We Protect Your Information
At LOGICAL, our goal is to protect your personal information submitted to us through our sites. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on this and other LOGICAL websites. We also employ reasonable technologies to help keep the personal information you provide on this site secure.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. When changes are made to this Policy it will be posted to the website and the "last updated" date at the top of this policy will be revised. We also encourage users to periodically check this Policy to understand how LOGICAL protects and uses your information.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These sites may have their own privacy statements or policies in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of linked sites or any use of the sites.
How to Contact Us and Update Your Personal Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us by
email at info@comply1.com
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. These sites may have their own privacy statements in place, which we recommend you review if you visit any linked web sites. We are not responsible for the content of linked sites or any use of the sites.
California Privacy Rights
Annually California residents may request and obtain information that LOGICAL shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing use within the prior calendar year (as defined by California's "Shine the Light Law"). If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which LOGICAL shared this information in the immediately preceding calendar year. To obtain this information, please send an email message to info@comply1.com with "California Shine the Light Privacy Request" in the subject line as well as in the body of your message. We will then respond to that email address with the requested information.
Mobile Privacy Policy
Mobile Information We Collect
Personally identifiable information (e.g. Name, email address) we collect consists only of what you share with us. For example, certain products may ask for this type of information so that we may contact you by phone or email at your request. You choose what, how, and when you want to share.
If you use any location-enabled products, you may be sending us location information. LOGICAL does not store or use this information other than to provide the service you requested. For example, a mobile product may use GPS data to find a nearby restaurant you requested. Location-enabled features are opt-in and you have control over your participation and can turn these services off at any time.
Web-enabled mobile applications may use cookies or web beacons and other methods to customize your browsing experience. Please see LOGICAL's web privacy policy for more information.
Some mobile applications will utilize Goggle Analytics (or similar tool) to help us better serve our customers through improved products, services, and revisions to the mobile applications. This collected information will not identify you to LOGICAL. It may, however, let us know anonymously, which services and features you are using the most within the application, as well as device type and hardware features, country and language of download.
Use of 3rd party services such as social sharing sites (e.g., Facebook & Twitter) is governed by the privacy practices of those services. LOGICAL does not capture or store your login information or other personally identifiable information for these services, however session info or cookies may be stored.
Mobile How We Use Collected Information
We use the information to personalize your experience with the application and to improve your overall experience including the development of new products, services, and features. We also use the information to provide customer support, and when applicable, register and administer your account. Additionally, we may use the information you provide to contact you about updates to our service.
Information you provide may be used to fulfill the service(s) or carry out the transaction(s) you have requested or authorized. For example, if you authorize a purchase through a mobile eCommerce application, we will use provided information to ship and bill you.
Mobile Information Sharing
LOGICAL does not share any collected information with 3rd parties with the following exceptions:
LOGICAL may provide some personal data to third-party partners that are providing services essential to your mobile user experience.
All requests are sent through your mobile carrier's network and your carrier may have access to it. Consult your carrier's privacy policies for additional information.
Certain mobile products and services and manufacturers allow you to interact and share your information with others. For example, you may want to Tweet or post to your Facebook page content from a LOGICAL mobile application. Consult your mobile device manufacturer, or mobile product or application developer's privacy policies for additional information.
Photographs
People shown in photographs are models and are used for illustrative purposes only. Some of the photographs on this web site are Copyright iStockphoto LP and Getty Images, Inc (D/B/A Gettyworks) and are used by license.
Disclaimer
The information on this site is provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. In no event shall Logical Technology, Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the information on this site.
Logical Technology In. 6907 N. Knoxville Ave. Peoria, IL 61614 Toll Free: (800)266-7591 info@comply1.com
© 1999-2020 All Rights Reserved