http://www.valleyfence.net/white_privacy_vinyl_fence.html
Privacy Vinyl Fence
White Vinyl Privacy Fence
Description of our white vinyl privacy fence:
Our Vinyl fence boards are 11 1/4 inches wide with tongue and groove edges and vinyl u-channel trim that installs on the edge of the post for a complete privacy design.
These filler boards slip into vinyl pocket rails and the rails then snap into the post itself these are held in by notches on the vinyl rails.
We install a bottom galvanized steel U channel inside the bottom rail, this is for wind shear, is also required by the manufacturer for a complete lifetime warranty, you must fill out a warranty card and send it in to activate your warranty.
Close up of a 11 1/4 inch wide by 7/8 inch thick vinyl fence boards.
Galvanized bottom rail U channel for wind shear and warranty.
Close up of the vinyl u-channel trim that goes on the edge of the post to hide the gap at the post edge.
Colored vinyl privacy fence
6 ft tall tan (Almond) or pebble stone (light grey) or mix n match with white frame.
White frame with grey pebble stone pickets
White Vinyl Privacy Gates
Vinyl single leaf gates are made for a 4 ft. to 5 ft. opening.
Double drive vinyl gates are made for up to a 12 Ft. opening.
L or U shaped shaped Galvanized support sleeve that slips inside the vinyl post, giving it a rigid support
City of Spokane Permits-Fence (509) 625-6300
Spokane Valley at this time does not require fence permits.
One should also check with their Association (CC and Rs - often called covenants, conditions, and restrictions) as well as City, County and State to see that you are complying with any fencing laws, rules or requirements.
Home — About us — Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Vinyl Fence — 3 Rail Vinyl Fence — Picket Vinyl Fence
Residential Chain Link — Commercial Chain Link — Slats for Chain Link — Options for your Fence — Color Chain Link Fence
Barbed Wire Fence — Deer Fencing — Field Fences — High Tensile Electric Fence
(Spokane Valley) Greenacres 99016