https://www.cemoc.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Support
Software
Consultancy
Our Story
Work For Us
Contact Us
FastSupport
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
This privacy policy explains how Cemoc Limited (referred to as “we” and “us” in this policy) may collect and use personal information from you when you use one of our websites (www.cemoc.co.uk).
As a business, we are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of all individuals with whom we interact. We will process your personal information at all times in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws.
Personal information we collect on this website
We collect information about you if you ask us to respond to a query you have. The information we collect is limited to the details we need to provide a response to your query. We do not collect sensitive information, such as your political or religious beliefs, ethnic background, sexual preference, health or any other sensitive information.
How we use this information
Except where required by law, we only use the personal information you provide to us to deliver the specific information you have requested. For example, if you submit an enquiry through this site, we will only use the email address you provide to us to respond to that request. Without your express consent, we will not use your contact details for any other purpose.
How we store your personal information
We are committed to ensuring your personal information is kept secure and confidential and not kept for longer than is necessary. From time to time we may ask other members of our group, or third party service providers, to help us manage our information technology systems. Some of these systems may be located in countries overseas. We will only transfer your information to a third party service provider or overseas, where we are satisfied that adequate levels of protection are in place to protect the integrity and security of any information being processed and compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws.
How we deploy “cookies”
Cookies are small packets of information stored by your web browser when you visit certain websites, including our website. Cookies are generally used by websites to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either strictly for the duration of your visit (using a “session” cookie which is erased when you close your browser) or for repeat visits (using a “permanent” cookie).
We do not use cookies to store any personally identifiable information about you.
Our site uses the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies
We deploy cookies to help us to identify how users navigate to and around our website and to enable some of the features within the site that may be beneficial to you (for example, language preferences, or print page features). This helps us deliver an effective online service to you. These are known as “First Party” cookies.
Performance cookies
We may also use cookies issued by third parties (“Third Party” cookies) to track the websites you visited or search terms you used immediately prior to visiting this site, or to collect information about how visitors use the site.
We use Google Analytics for this purpose.
Google Analytics uses its own cookies. These cookies don’t collect information that identify a visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how the site works. You can find out more about Google Analytics cookies here.
You can avoid the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our site by downloading and installing the Browser Plugin available via this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our site or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking site such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow our sites to remember choices you make (such as user name, or region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web page which you can customise. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can alter your browser settings. The procedure for doing so varies from one browser application to another. If you wish to reject cookies from our site, but wish to accept those from other sites, you may choose the option in your browser settings to receive a notice before a cookie is stored on your device. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information. To find out more, please consult the following: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies and www.youronlinechoices.com. By disabling cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our site or certain content or functionality may not be available.
By using this website you consent to us deploying cookies as described below. If you do not wish to accept cookies from our site, or would like to stop permanent cookies being stored on your computer in the future you can change the settings in your web browser to decline and / or delete cookies. See the “Help” section on your browser menu for guidance on how to do this. Note that changing cookie settings may affect certain features within this website.
Our responsibility for website links
This Privacy Policy is limited to the personal information which we collect and use via this website. We do provide links within this site to other websites, including social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. If you follow these links, you should use these sites in conjunction with their applicable user and privacy policies as their data practices fall outside the scope of this Privacy Policy. Further, we can have no responsibility for or control over the information collected by any third party website and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you may provide on such websites.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal processes, for example in response to a court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, and as otherwise required by law.
Our agents and contractors may have access to personally identifiable information to help carry out the services they are performing for us.
Updates
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page with amended terms. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of any changes. This policy was last updated November 2019.
Contact us if your information or choices change.
If you would like to stop receiving information from us; or your personal preferences change and you do not want us to send you the information requested; or if you have any queries about how we use your personal information, please let us know by contacting us directly: Cemoc House, Rectory Drive, Wootton Bridge, Ryde, Isle of Wight, PO33 4QQ, +44 (0)1983 884321, E-mail: comsec@cemoc.co.uk
“Out of all the partners and their representatives I have worked with over the years, Cemoc and their staff are by far the best.”
Graeme Stapenhill, Senior IT Security Analyst, Cobham Mission Equipment
“As our business has grown, Cemoc have been there providing IT support and solutions, whether it be day to day computer issues, full infrastructure or business continuity programs.”
Marc, Finance Director of a Contract Cleaning Company
“We have been working closely with Cemoc for over 20 years and value their professional expertise and responsiveness in helping my team to modify, maintain and support critical line of business software across three continents.”
Ian, VP Information Systems of a Global Motor and Control Systems Manufacturer
“I don’t know where we would be without the efficient service Cemoc provides!”
Selina, Director of a Local Accountants Practice
“Cemoc are a responsive, reliable and proactive company to deal with, they have a friendly approach with a can-do attitude.”
Andrew, IT Systems Administrator for a Milking Equipment Manufacturer
“Always receive an excellent service with an IT engineer on hand to help out at all times.”
Paul Whitter, Electrical Manager, Mountjoy Limited
“We’re a global company, but we like the local support. Cemoc’s services are a cost-effective way for us to get the expertise we need”.
Darrell, IT Manager of a Global Electronic and Audio Components Supplier
“I have confidence in Cemoc and the costs work for us.”
Paul, CEO of a Local Charity
“We know that with Cemoc our data is in safe hands”.
Lyn, Administration Manager of a Local Charity
Cemoc House, Rectory Drive, Wootton Bridge, Isle of Wight, PO33 4QQ
Copyright © 2020 Cemoc Limited | Registration No. 01610723 | Privacy Policy
Website by Peekaboo
Support
Software
Consultancy
Our Story
Work For Us
Contact Us
FastSupport