https://www.piggottandwhitfield.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
HomeCompanyTechnologyServicesProjectsContact
Terms and Conditions
This page contains important information explaining your relationship with the owner of this Internet site and your rights to access and use information on it. Please read this notice carefully. If you do not agree to accept all terms of the notice, please do not use this site.
ILLEGALITY If the advertising, offering for sale, or selling of the goods and / or services referred to on this Site is illegal for any reason in the jurisdiction in which it is accessed or viewed, whether by virtue of the age of the person seeking to view it or otherwise, access to and / or viewing of such material is not authorised by Piggott & Whitfield Limited.
WARNING: Any unauthorised access and / or viewing may be an infringement of the copyright and / or other intellectual property rights of Piggott & Whitfield Limited or its subsidiaries and may result in civil and / or criminal liability.
TRADE MARKS All trade marks referred to on this Site are either owned by or licensed to Piggott & Whitfield Limited or its subsidiaries, agents or licensed partners. Any reproduction or use of such trade marks, save as permitted hereby, is strictly prohibited and may result in civil and / or criminal liability.
COPYRIGHT © Piggott & Whitfield Limited, 2007-20016. / All rights reserved.
Copyright in the material comprising this Site is owned by or licensed to Piggott & Whitfield Limited or its subsidiaries, agents or licensed partners.
Save as expressly permitted, no part of this material may be reproduced in any form including storing it in any medium by electronic means whether or not temporary or incidental to some other use. Commercial use is not permitted. Particular terms relevant to the use of downloadable material are as set out below.
Certain parts of this site are intended to be downloadable for certain purposes.
Permitted uses for downloads are: –
Private study.
Non-published research.
Reporting in the media, so long as those reports are legitimate and legal in their country of publication.
To assist third parties engaged by the Company in fulfilling company requirements.
By company employees for the purposes of their employment.
WARNING: The doing of any unauthorised act in relation to material on this Site may result in both civil and criminal liability.
INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE AND DISCLAIMER Piggott & Whitfield Limited, its subsidiaries, agents and licensed partners do not represent or warrant that the material comprised in this site is completely accurate or up to date and accordingly neither Piggott & Whitfield Limited nor any of its subsidiaries, agents or licensed partners shall have any liability in respect of such material or for any use of such information by any such person.
The material on this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The materials on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable laws, Piggott & Whitfield Limited, its subsidiary, agents, licensed partners and associated companies disclaim liability for negligence and disclaim all representations and warranties, express or implied in relation to this website, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Piggott & Whitfield Limited does not warrant that the functions contained in the material be uninterrupted or error-free, that the contents will be correct, accurate, reliable or up to date, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Piggott & Whitfield Limited accepts no responsibility to update the material on this site, which derives from various different dates.
The material in this Site is intended to provide general information only and is not to be relied upon by any particular individual or class of individuals, or for any purpose.
This website may contain certain forward-looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results of operations and business of Piggott & Whitfield Limited and certain of the plans and objectives of the Piggott & Whitfield Limited with respect to these items. In particular, among other statements, certain statements with regard to management objectives, trends in market share, market standing and product volumes, statements with regard to trends in results of operations, margins, overall market trends, and statements with regard to risk management, interest and exchange rates may be forward-looking in nature. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There are a number of factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes industrial and economic trends, the levels of marketing and promotional expenditures by Piggott & Whitfield Limited and its competitors, raw material and employee costs, future exchange and interest rates, changes in tax rates and future business combinations or dispositions.
APPLICABLE LAW This Site is controlled and operated by the Piggott & Whitfield Limited from its offices in England. Any claim in relation to the information on this Site shall be governed by the Laws of England, with English Courts having exclusive jurisdiction.
MANCHESTER:
T 0161 483 9438
Building Services
Mechanical Building Services
Electrical Building Services
Data Cabling Services
Terms and Conditions
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Accessibility Statement
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Policy
Powered by GDPR plugin
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Cookies:
PHPSESSID – Preserves user session state across page requests.
_ga – Registers a uniq e ID th at is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website
_gat – Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid – Registers a uniq e ID th at is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website
collect –
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
NID – Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device. Th e ID is used for targeted ads
This website uses the following additional Facebook.com DoubleClick.net cookies:
impression.php/# –
Used by Facebook to register impr
disable
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
3rd Party Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
_ga – Registers a uniq e ID th at is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website
_gat – Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_gid – Registers a uniq e ID th at is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website
collect –
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor’s device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
NID – Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user’s device. Th e ID is used for targeted ads
This website uses the following additional Facebook.com DoubleClick.net cookies:
impression.php/# –
Used by Facebook to register impression s on pages with the Facebook login button .
r/collect – DoubleCLick
Unclassified cookie
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Cookie Policy
More information about our Cookie Policy
Enable All
Save Settings
HomeCompanyTechnologyServicesProjectsContact