http://www.halox.com/privacy/
Product Info & Sales (219) 933-1560
Free Samples
Distributors Login
Site Search
Home
Company
Company
About ICL Phosphate Specialty
ISO 9001 Certified
Products
Our Products
By Type
Defoamers Dispersants Flash Rust Corrosion Inhibitors Inorganic Corrosion Inhibitors Organic Corrosion Inhibitors Scratch Resistance Specialty Inhibitors Tannin Stain Inhibitors
By Market
AerosolAerospaceAgricultural and Construction EquipmentArchitecturalAutomotive RefinishCoil CoatingsDoor ApplicationsFlooringFurnitureIndustrial MaintenanceMarineMillworkPowder CoatingsPretreatment/Sealers - WoodPretreatments/Sealers - MetalWood Cabinetry
By Name
Recommendation Guide
Application Guide
Product Brochures
Corrosion Inhibitors
Tannin Stain Inhibitors
Free Product Samples
Pricing & Availability
Formulations
Formulations
By Resin
AcrylicAlkydElastomericEpoxyEpoxy EsterHybridPhenoxyPolyester MelaminePolyester TGICPolyurethanePolyurethane Dispersion (PUD)Polyvinyl ButyralPolyvinylidene Chloride (PVDC)SiliconeThermoplastic Acrylics (TPA)UV Curable
By Application
Chromate ReplacementClear LacquerCoil CoatingDirect-to-MetalDoor ApplicationsEtch Primer FlooringFurnitureGalvanized PrimerHigh HeatIndustrial Wood CoatingLow VOCMillworkPowder CoatingPrimerRust ConverterStain BlockingSynergyThin Film Top CoatWood CabinetryZinc-Free
News / Events
News / Events
News
Events & Trade Shows
Contact
Contact
Contact Us
Find a Distributor
Pricing & Availability
Site Search
Distributor Login
GO
Distributor Login
E-mail Address:
Password:
Login Login Forgot Password? | Create Account
ICL Privacy Policy
Free Product Samples
Click Here
Worldwide Distribution
Find Distributors
Got a Question?
Ask the Inhibitor
Purpose
Israel Chemicals Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliated entities (collectively, “ICL”, “we”, “us” or “our”) recognizes that your privacy is very important, and we are committed to protecting the personal information that we collect from you. Any interpretation of this Privacy Policy shall be made solely by our Privacy Officer. This ICL Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how ICL collects, uses, shares and safeguards personal information on or about individuals (i) who access or use
certain ICL websites (each, a “Website” collectively, the “Websites”) the use which is subject to the applicable Terms of Use, or (ii) who otherwise provide us information. Capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy, but not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy does not create or confer upon any individual any rights or impose upon ICL any rights or obligations outside of, or in addition to, any rights or obligations imposed by the privacy laws applicable to such individual's personal information. Should there be, in a specific case, any inconsistency between this Privacy Policy and such privacy laws, this Privacy Policy shall be interpreted, in respect of that case, to give effect to, and comply with, such privacy laws.
What is Personal Information?
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, personal information is any information about an identified or identifiable individual.
Personal information does not include anonymous or non-personal information (e.g., information that cannot be associated with or tracked back to a specific individual).
COLLECTION
Types of Information Collected
We may collect and retain personal information about you and is relevant to providing you with the goods and services you are seeking. In particular, we may collect:
full names and contact details (including e-mail addresses, addresses, company name, phone numbers and country of origin), along with other information from your computer, documents, browser, software and hardware attributes;
product and service related information concerning the products and services that we provide to, or receive from, you, including with respect to any service, maintenance and repair of such products;
credit and financial information such as your payment methods and preferences, and billing and credit history;
business relationship information, including information related to your agreements, preferences, advisors and decision-makers;
customer relationship information such as customer service requests and feed-back and information required or provided by or from you;
anonymous data collected through any Website (relating to the usage and viewing preferences, including information gathered from the use of cookies).
your interests, demographics and experience with our products.
The above is a non-exhaustive list reflective of the information we may collect and process as part of our operations or services provided to you.
We may also collect market-related information, which may include personal information, concerning market trends and activities impacting our business. This information may include contract terms, financial information and other information for the purpose of market analysis and strategic planning. We may also collection information related to our media, investor and public relations activities and information related to our interactions with financial and other analysts and advisors.
While conducting business, ICL may monitor the activities of individuals in respect of its operations and its premises or property. For example, come ICL locations and facilities are equipped with surveillance cameras
As a general rule, ICL collects personal information directly from you. Where the personal information that we collect about you is held by third party, we will obtain your permission – to the extent required – before we seek out this information from such sources (such permission may be given directly by you or implied from your actions). The third parties that we may collect information from include credit reporting agencies.
From time to time, we may utilize the services of third parties (including other members of the ICL corporate group) in our business and may also receive personal information collected by those third parties in the course of the performance of the services for us or otherwise. Where this is the case, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties have represented to us that they have the right to disclose your personal information to us.
Where permitted or required by applicable law or regulatory requirements, we may collect information about you without your knowledge or consent.
Purpose of Collection
The personal information that we collect and hold about you, depends on your interaction with us. However, we only collect and retain personal information when authorized by law, such as when you have provided consent; it is necessary for the performance of a contract or in order to take measures prior to entering into a contract; it is necessary for our compliance with a legal obligation; it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests; or it is necessary to answer your requests. Generally, we collect, use and hold your personal information if it is reasonably necessary for or directly related other performance of our legitimate interests, functions, and activities, such as for the following:
providing goods and services to you or someone else you know;
providing you with promotional material and information about other goods and services that we, our related entities and other organizations that we have affiliations with, offer that may be of interest to you;
facilitating our internal business operations, including the fulfillment of any legal requirements;
analyzing our goods and services and client needs with a view towards developing new or improved goods and services;
maintenance and development of our Websites and services to develop and improve our Websites and services, including assessing and improving the user experience, managing user registrations, providing necessary functionality and assessing capacity requirements;
registering customer, supplier, vendor or the like visitors; and
fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
Method of Collection
Personal information will generally be collected directly from you through the use of any of our standard forms, over the internet, via e-mail, or through a telephone conversation with you. There may, however, be some instances where personal information about you will be collected indirectly because it is unreasonable or impractical to collect personal information directly from you. Generally, we will notify you about these instances in advance, or where that is not possible, as soon as reasonably practicable after the information has been collected.
Failure to Provide Information
As described elsewhere herein, your provision of personal information to us may be necessary for us to satisfy our contractual obligations with you, enter into a contact with you, or provide or offer you with goods or services. If the personal information you provide us is incomplete or inaccurate, we may be unable to provide you, or someone else you know, with the goods and services you, or they, are seeking.
INTERNET USERS AND COOKIES
If you access any of our Websites, in addition to your adherence to the applicable Terms of Use, we may collect additional information about you.
Our Websites use cookies. “Cookies” consist of data that a Website can send to your browser which may then be stored automatically on your system. 				Some of our Website pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our Websites. Cookies do not identify you personally, but they may link back to a database record about you. Our use of information about you which is received by us through the use of cookies is governed by this Privacy Policy. You can set your browser to reject all cookies or to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Some aspects of any Website may not work the same, or work properly or as intended, if you reject cookies associated with it. In addition, we collect data to understand the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the way the Websites work and look, and to create new features and functionality.
Links
Our Websites may contain links to other websites, which ICL does not control (“Linked Websites”) and is therefore not responsible for the accuracy of the content of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. Linked Websites are not subject to this Privacy Policy and may be subject to different terms and conditions. These Linked Sites are provided as a convenience only. ICL does not endorse, approve, or guarantee these Linked Sites in any manner, and is not responsible for the content of any Linked Websites. Any link from another site to our Websites (“Linking Website”) does not mean that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or the use of such Linking Website. If you use any Linking Website, you do so at your own risk. Further, Linking Websites to our Websites does not imply we that we are affiliated or associated with the Linking Website, or that it is authorized to use any Copyright, Trademark or other Intellectual Property Right (as such terms are defined in the Terms of Use. Additionally, third party websites may have different privacy policies and you should review them.
USE AND DISCLOSURE
Generally, we only use or disclose and/or transfer personal information about you for the purpose for which it was collected (as set out above). We may disclose personal information about you to:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
contractors, service provides (such as our IT service providers), and other third-parties, who assist us in operating our business and providing goods and services you request, and these service providers may not be required to comply with our Privacy Policy;
our related entities and other organizations with whom we have affiliations so that those organizations may provide you with information about goods and services and various promotions;
to a buyer or other successor (potential or otherwise) in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of ICL's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by ICL about our customers, clients or any Website users, is among the assets transferred;
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including responding to any governmental authority request;
to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including our Terms of Use, and for billing and collection or otherwise defend our legitimate interests and rights;
protect rights, property or safety of ICL, our customers or others; and
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, or for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information
We will not sell or release your personal information to third parties or allow them to direct market their products and services to you, except with your consent.
CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Where your consent was required for our collection, use or disclosure of personal information, you may change or withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting the Privacy Officer using the contact information set forth below. In some circumstances, a change in or withdrawal of consent may severely limit our ability to provide products or services to, or acquire products or services from, you. All communications with respect to such withdrawal or variation of consent should be in writing and addressed to our Privacy Officer.
INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
Because we operate globally, we may process your information outside the country in which you are located, including outside your own country and outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA), including to Israel and the United States. In such areas, privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country and where the government, courts or law enforcement may be able to access your data. Entities within our corporate group are required to comply with our privacy commitments and policies. In addition, we may share the personal information you submit to use to third parties who may be located in a country other than your own, and, where possible, we contractually require any third parties to protect your personal information. By providing your personal information to use, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to a country other than your own.
SECURITY
We store your personal information in different ways, including in paper and electronic form. The security of your personal information is important to us. We take reasonable measures to ensure that your personal information is stored safely to protect it from interference, misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or disclosure, including electronic and physical security measures. However, no security measure is completely secure (e.g. from malicious intrusion) and we are unable to guarantee complete security of your personal information.
DATA RETENTION
Generally, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by. This may include retaining your personal information indefinitely, even after the completion of our services and the sale of our products, in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolves disputes, or enforce our agreements.
ACCESS AND CORRECTION
In certain countries, data protection and privacy law provide individuals with various rights, including the right to access, rectify, erase, restrict or object to the processing of, their personal information.
You may access the personal information we hold about you, upon making a written request. We will respond to your request within a reasonable period. We may charge you a reasonable fee for processing your request (but not for making the request for access). You may request that we delete or otherwise erase personal information that we collect and hold about you, provided, however, that (i) the personal information is no longer necessary for the purpose it was collected for; (ii) you withdraw consent to the processing activities and no other legal justification for processing exists; (iii) you object to processing for direct marketing purposes; (iv) ICL unlawfully processed the personal information.
Please note that some of these rights may be limited where we have an overriding interest or legal obligation to continue to possess and process the personal information or where information may be exempt from disclosure due to legal obligations, our document retention policy or complying with any
such request may require disproportionate efforts and we may decline a request where it is unreasonably repetitive or systematic or where we cannot identify you.
If, upon receiving access to your personal information or at any other time, you believe the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date, please notify us immediately. We will take reasonable steps to correct the information so that it is accurate, complete and up to date.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Websites are not intended for children under thirteen (13) years of age, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. No one under age 13, or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, may provide any personal information to or on any Website, unless their parent provides consent. We do not knowingly collect information from children under thirteen (13), or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction. If you are under thirteen (13), or equivalent minimum age in the relevant jurisdiction, do not use or provide any information on any Website.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
ICL does not share or otherwise disclose personal information provided to us with other business for marketing uses. Our Websites do NOT use any technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and from across third-party websites or other online services (e.g., behavioral tracking).
EUROPEAN UNION (EU)
The EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other countries' privacy laws provide certain rights for data subject. If you are afforded rights based upon the EU GDPR, then (in addition to the processes and procedures described herein), you may request that we erase your personal information or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. You have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how we process your personal information. When technically feasible, we will – at your request – provide your personal information that is processed by automated means and was provided to us by you or transmit it directly to another organization. ICL does not use personal information provided to us to engage in automated-decision making.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING
By using any Website, we assume, and you hereby consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, as explained in this Privacy Policy. Similarly, by providing your personal information, users inside and outside your own country and outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA), including to Israel and the United States, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and the collection and processing for the purpose for which you provided the personal information.
You may change or withdraw your consent at any time (effective upon receipt of such request), subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice, by contacting our Privacy Officer in the manner described below. If you do not consent to such activities, do not use the Websites.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on our website www.icl-group.com. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective from the time they are posted. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Websites and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
This Privacy Policy was last reviewed August 14, 2019.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or would like to exercise any of the rights described herein, please contact us at:
Israel Chemicals Ltd.
Millenium Tower
23 Arhana Street
Tel-Aviv 61070
Israel
+972 3 684-4400
dataprivacy@icl-group.com
We will endeavor to answer your questions and advise you of any steps taken to address the issues raised by you.
Free Product Samples
Click Here
Worldwide Distribution
Find Distributors
Got a Question?
Ask the Inhibitor
STAY UP TO DATE
Sign up for the ICL Phosphate Specialty email list.
Go
CONNECT WITH US
Join us in the social networks.
© 2020 ICL Phosphate Specialty, a division of ICL Specialty Products Inc.The Global leader in providing HALOX® Corrosion Inhibitors
(219) 933-1560
Home
Company
Products
Formulations
News / Events
Contact
Unsubscribe
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
© 2020 ICL Phosphate Specialty, a division of ICL Specialty Products Inc. The Global leader in providing HALOX® Corrosion Inhibitors
(219) 933-1560
We Use Cookies to Enhance Your User Experience.
By clicking "ACCEPT" you agree to our use of cookies and other technologies as described in our Privacy policy. If you wish, you can change your cookie settings.
Accept