http://www.terminix.com/customer-support/privacy/
PRIVACY INFORMATION
TERMINIX PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: 01/01/2020
Introduction
What Information Do We Collect?
How Do We Collect This Information?
Why Do We Collect This Information?
How Do We Share Your Information?
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies
Your Information Choices and Control
Data Security
Your California Privacy Rights
Additional Information
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Contact Us
1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy describes how The Terminix Company, including its affiliates under The (collectively,
“Terminix”, “we,” or
“us”) collects, uses, maintains, and shares (collectively,
“processes”) information collected about you when you interact with us and with our
products and services, including our website at www.terminix.com, our affiliate websites, and any other websites, mobile
or desktop applications, social media or other pages, or content owned and operated by Terminix (collectively,
the “Site").
This Privacy Policy does not apply to products, services, or websites that display a different privacy policy, including affiliate websites that have their own privacy policies. It also does not apply to information collected by any other third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.
Terminix affiliates include Assured Environments, Copesan, Gregory Pest Control, Terminix Commercial, and W.B. McCloud and Company, as well as The ServiceMaster Company.
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect different types of information from you, including Personal Information. “Personal
Information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual, household, or device, and that is not publicly available.
We also collect non-identifying information that does not directly or indirectly identify you, and cannot reasonably be used to identify you, such as deidentified or aggregate information. When non-identifying information is combined with other information so that it does identify an individual person, we treat that combination as Personal Information.
The following are examples of the types of information that may be collected about you when you interact with us, our products and services, or our Site:
Identification Information. For example, name, postal address, email address, unique personal or online identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, account name, Social Security Number (SSN), driver’s license, or governmental identification number.
Customer Records. For example, records of the products or services you have purchased, obtained, or considered, other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, or educational, professional, or employment-related information.
Financial Information. For example, debit or credit card information, bank account information, signatures, or billing addresses.
Correspondence. For example, information provided when you call, email, or write to us, respond to voluntary surveys or feedback requests, or enter a contest or promotion.
User-Generated Content. For example, content generated by engaging with Terminix’s publicly-facing interactive properties (e.g., its social media pages), including comments, recommendations, reviews, ratings, or any other posts or information voluntarily submitted to such properties (“Public Activities”).
Internet or Other Similar Network Activity. For example, browsing or search history; device information, such as hardware, IP address, operating system version, browser type and settings, language and font settings, or other information about the device used to access the Site; or other information about your interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation Information. For example, physical location or movements.
3. HOW DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
We collect your information when you directly provide it to us, automatically as you navigate through the Site, and from third parties (like our business partners).
3.1. Information You Provide to Us
We collect information from you when you directly provide it to us, such as when you:
Place an order for, or otherwise provide information to us in connection with, our products or services;
Register for an online account with us;
Call, email, write to, or otherwise correspond with us through any communication channel;
Enter into contests, sweepstakes or promotions that we offer;
Respond to our surveys or otherwise provide feedback to us;
Engage with us through our social media accounts, such as our accounts at Facebook, Instagram, Linkedln, Twitter, and YouTube; or
Rate or review us online.
3.2. Information We Collect Automatically
We and our third-party service providers may also automatically collect information about your visits to the Site by using a variety of automatic data collection technologies, such as cookies, pixel tags and web beacons, browser analysis tools, and web server logs. See Section 6 on Use of Cookies and
Other Technologies below for more information about these technologies.
Information collected automatically may include:
Usage Information. This information includes details of your visits to the Site, including traffic data, logs, location data, and information about the resources you access and use, such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Site. We may also collect information about the site you were visiting before you came to our Site and the site you visit after you leave.
Device Information This information includes data about the computers or other devices you use to access the Site (each, a
“Device”), such as your operating system type or mobile device model, browser type, domain, Device identifiers, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone of your device. Browsers routinely send these types of information to web servers.
We may also use automatic data collection technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
3.3. Information We Collect From Third Parties
From time to time, we may obtain information about you from other trusted third-party partners, such as analytics or marketing providers or public databases, to update or supplement information about you, such as information to validate or update your address or other demographic and lifestyle information. We may also receive information about you from a third party through our refer-a-friend functionality.
3.4. Information You Provide About a Third Party
If you send someone else a communication from the Site, such as sending an invitation to a friend
(“refer-a-friend”), the information you provide (names, email addresses, etc.) is used to
facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from
that person or we explicitly say otherwise. If that person becomes a customer or registers with us, the person’s information will be treated in the same manner as all other customers or registered users. Please be aware that when you use any refer-a-friend functionality on the Site, your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.
4. WHY DO WE COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
We collect the information described above, subject to applicable laws, for the following purposes:
To provide you with, process payment for, and manage products or services you have requested from us;
To allow you to register and create an account and profile;
To provide you with ongoing customer support, including sending you maintenance communications to alert you to changes and updates in our Site policies, products, or services that may affect you;
To enable you to provide us with feedback, participate in surveys, and contact us, and for us to contact you;
To administer promotions you enter, such as a contest or sweepstakes;
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, and any other contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
To send you communications of interest, such as emails or text messages about Terminix and our products, services, and promotional offers;
To deliver behavioral advertising to you on behalf of ourselves and advertisers based on your activity on the Site and on third-party sites and applications;
To personalize your overall experience with the Site;
To customize, measure, and improve our Site, products, services, content, and advertising;
To protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of ourselves, our employees, our agents, or others, and to comply with applicable law;
For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy; and
For any other purpose with your consent.
5. HOW DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION?
We may disclose non-identifying information about our users, without restriction. We may disclose Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy as follows:
Terminix Brands. We share your Personal Information with our affiliates for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy.
Service Providers. We contract with third-party service providers that we use to help us operate our business and the Site or provide services on our behalf. For example, these services may include payment and billing processing, fulfillment of orders, shipping, IT and related infrastructure provision, customer service, advertising, email distribution, research and analytics, or management of sweepstakes, contests, or promotions.
Legal Matters; Safety. We may, without your consent, access, preserve, and disclose Personal Information as required by law. Additionally, we may disclose your Personal Information if we believe such action is necessary to: (i) prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Use or other policies, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability; (ii) protect the physical safety of any person or property;
(iii) protect and defend our rights and property; or (iv) prevent or address inappropriate conduct on the Site or through our communication channels.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition, or in connection with a bankruptcy reorganization. In addition, information about our customers and registered users may also be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support, or funding.
With Your Consent We will share your Personal Information with others when you specifically permit us to do so.
6. USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
6.1. Automated Data Collection Technologies We Use
When you visit the Site, we and our service providers may use the following technologies to automatically collect data about your visit:
Cookies. A "cookie" is a small amount of information that a web server sends to your browser that stores information about your account, your preferences, and your use of the Site. Some cookies contain serial numbers that allow us to connect your activity with the Site with other information we store about you in your profile or as related to your interactions with Site. Some cookies are temporary, whereas others may be configured to last longer. For instance:
“Session cookies” are temporary cookies used for various reasons, such as to manage page views. Your browser usually erases Session cookies once you exit your browser.
"Persistent cookies" are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser. We use Persistent cookies for a number of purposes, such as retrieving certain information you have previously provided.
“Flash cookies,” known as local shared objects, are data files placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device to personalize your visit. Flash cookies are different from standard browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages so that we can provide a customized experience. They also help us detect certain kinds of fraud.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a Persistent or Session cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. However, cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click here. If you choose to disable cookies on your Device, some features of the Site may not function properly. For instance, if cookies are disabled, you will not be able to log into the Site and therefore you will experience an anonymous user experience.
HTML5. HTML5 is another form of collection, tracking and storage that does not rely on traditional browser cookies. Like Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies can be used to track users across website but are not stored in browsers' cookie files. To our knowledge there is currently no known way for a user of a mobile device to remove HTML5 tracking and storage.
Pixel Tags and Web Beacons. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on the Site or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed specific actions. When you access the Site or open email messages, the pixel tags and web beacons generate a notice of that action to us, or our service providers. These tools allow us to measure response to our communications and improve the Site and promotions.
Embedded Scripts. We also use embedded scripts, which are programming codes designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
In many cases, the information we collect using cookies and other automatic data collection technologies is used in non-identifiable ways, without any reference to Personal Information. For example, we use information we collect about Site users to optimize our products and services and understand traffic and usage patterns.
In other cases, we associate the information we collect using cookies and related technologies with Personal Information. Whenever we associate Usage Information or a Device Identifier with your Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information.
6.2. Third Party Analytic Technologies and Targeted Advertising
We use third-party analytic and tracking tools to better understand how people use the Site, and how to improve the effectiveness of the Site and its content, and to help those parties or us to serve more targeted advertising to you across the Internet. Those third-party companies may use cookies, pixel tags, or other technologies to collect and store Usage Information and Device Information. They might combine information they collect from your interaction with Site with Personal Information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, nor control over, third parties' use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
If you wish to exercise choice with respect to collection and use of the data by third-party tools, you may visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Some of the analytic and tracking tools we use are Google Analytics and Google Analytics Advertising. The Google Analytics Advertising features we use include the following:
Remarketing
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics Demographic and Interest Reporting
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers
To prevent data from being collected by Google Universal Analytics, use the opt-out browser add-on developed by Google for this purpose available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl+en-US.
7. YOUR INFORMATION CHOICES AND CONTROL
You may use the following mechanisms to update, correct, or limit the processing of certain information collected as described in this Privacy Policy. Note that California residents may have additional rights and choices about their Personal Information. Please see Section 9 on Your California
Privacy Rights for additional information.
7.1. Don’t Volunteer Information.
If you do not consent to the collection, use, sharing, or other processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not access the Site or provide information to us. By visiting the Site or otherwise providing your information, you are “opting in" to the processing of that information as described.
7.2. Your Online Account.
If you have an online account with us, you may choose to deactivate or otherwise manage your account and the Personal Information you provided in your account at any time by visiting your account online.
If you deactivate your account, we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other policies, take actions we deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements, and as dictated by constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Site. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' policies.
7.3. Marketing Communications.
To opt out of electronic, direct mail, or telemarketing communications from Terminix or its affiliates
(collectively, “Marketing Communications”), you may do so by using the following information. If you do not want to receive emails from us, you may click here or the unsubscribe link in the footer of the any email or contact
us using the information below. If using an email below, please include the appropriate message in the subject
line, “Unsubscribe promotional offers”, “Do not mail”, or “Do not call”.
Email us:
Call us:
terminixcares@terminix.com
1-800-837-6464
7.4. Precise Geolocation Information.
If you consent to our collection of your precise Device geolocation through any of our mobile applications, you can withdraw your consent at any time and prevent the further collection of your precise geolocation by accessing the privacy settings of your Device and/or the settings of the mobile application.
7.5. Cookies.
For information about how to manage cookies and other automatic data collection technologies, see Section 6 on Cookies and Other Technologies.
7.6. Interest-Based Advertising.
To opt out of receiving personalized or "interest-based" online sponsorship credits from our service providers and other participating companies, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. For information about controlling the collection of cross-app data from your mobile device for personalized or "interest-based" advertising or sponsorship credit purposes, visit http://youradchoices.com/appchoices. You may also adjust the privacy and advertising settings on your Device. Consult your Device manufacturer’s support materials for information about available settings.
8. DATA SECURITY
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of Personal Information we collect and process. To guard your information delivered to us electronically, the Site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypts your payment card number, name and address so only we are able to decode your information. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, to the extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Site, and you do so at your own risk.
9. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
9.1. Overview
Beginning January 1, 2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”)
affords certain rights to verified California residents regarding their Personal Information as described in
this Section 9.
The following chart describes the CCPA categories of Personal Information we have collected in the preceding 12 months, along with the source of the Personal Information collected, and whether, within the past 12 months, Terminix has disclosed and/or sold it for a business purpose to the parties identified in Section 5 on How Do We Share Your Information? above.
Categories of Personal Information
See Section
2 ( What Information Do We Collect?) above for more
information
Sources of Personal Information
See Section
3 ( How  Do We Collect This Information?) above for
more information
Information may be disclosed for a Business Purpose
Information may be sold for a Business
Purpose
A.
Identifiers, such as name, email address, and SSN.
Information You Provide to Us
Information We Collect from Third Parties
Yes
No
B. Customer records
as listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)), such as signature or financial information.
Information You Provide to
Us
Information We Collect from
Third Parties
Yes
No
C. Protected
classification characteristics, such as age,
sex, or citizenship.
Information You Provide to
Us
Information We Collect from
Third Parties
No
No
D. Commercial
information, such
as records of
services purchased or considered.
Information You Provide to
Us
Information We Collect
Automatically
Information We
Collect from Third Parties
Yes
No
E. Biometric information,
such as fingerprints.
Terminix does not collect this
type of information.
N/A
N/A
F. Internet or other
similar network activity, such as Usage Information or Device Information.
Information We
Collect Automatically
Yes
No
G. Geolocation
data.
Information We
Collect Automatically
Yes
No
H. Sensory data, such
as audio, electronic,
or visual information.
Terminix does not collect this type of
information.
N/A
N/A
I. Professional or
employment-related information.
Information You Provide to Us
Information We
Collect from Third
Parties
Yes
No
J. Non-public
education information (per the Family
Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Terminix does not collect this type of
information.
N/A
N/A
J. Inferences drawn from
other Personal Information.
Information You Provide to Us
Information We
Collect Automatically
Yes
No
9.2. Your Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, you may have certain rights under the CCPA related to your Personal Information as described below, subject to limited exceptions.
Access and Data Portability Request Rights
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of
your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable
consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will disclose
to you:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the Personal Information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information.
The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you (also called a “data
portability request").
If we disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, identifying the Personal
Information categories that each category of recipient obtained. We do not sell your
Personal Information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you
and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. For instance, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, detect security incidents, protect against illegal activity, or comply with a legal obligation, among other things.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Request Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable
consumer request to us by:
Email us:
Call us:
Visit us:
privacy@terminix.com
1-800-837-6464
www.terminix.com/privacy/datarequest
Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month
period. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we
collected Personal Information or an authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
respond to it.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity
or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. We will only use
personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or
authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In
Rights.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we
require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer
request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive,
repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why
we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at
any time (the “right to opt-out"). We do not sell the Personal Information of any of our consumers,
including consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age.
Nondiscrimination Right
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or
other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
quality of goods or services.
9.3. Other California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law (California Civil Code § 1798.83) permits you
request certain information about our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct
marketing purposes. To make a request, you must email us at privacy@terminix.com.
Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which the user
communicates. Our Site currently does not respond to such “do-not-track” signals.
10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
10.1. Children’s Privacy
The Site and Terminix’s products and services are not directed at or intended for children under 16
years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 16 years of age. If
you are under 16 years of age, you should not register or provide any personal information to Terminix,
including on the Site. If we later obtain actual knowledge that we have collected or received personal
information from a child under 16 years of age without verification of parental consent, we will take steps
to remove that user’s personal information from our systems. If you believe we might have any
information from or about a child under 16 years old, please contact us as described in the Contact Us
section below.
10.2. A Note to International Users
The Site is operated in the United States. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please
be aware that information we collect will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The
data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and
your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in
the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Site or providing us with any
information, you consent to this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the United States.
You are also consenting to the application of United States federal, and Tennessee state law in all matters
concerning the Site and this Privacy Policy.
10.3. Third-Party Links.
To the extent links on our Site may be used to access external or third-party websites and communities, you
should be aware that these external or third-party websites and communities are not controlled by us and,
therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each
such website and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.
10.4. Disputes.
If you choose to visit the Site your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy
and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the laws
of the United States and the State of Tennessee.
10.5. No Rights of Third Parties.
This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any
Personal Information relating to users of the Site.
11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will
always be posted on the Site, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top. We may revise and update this
Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new products, services, or
features to our Site or change existing ones.
If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your Personal Information, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change and there will be a temporary banner on the website alerting you to the change. By accessing the Site and/or purchasing our products and services after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy for information captured after the Effective Date of that Privacy Policy.
12. CONTACT US
To opt out of marketing communications:
To opt out of electronic, direct mail, or telemarketing communications from Terminix or its affiliates (collectively, “Marketing Communications”), you may do so by using the following information.
If you do not want to receive emails from us, you may click here* or you may also click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the footer of any email or contact us using the information below.
If emailing, please include the appropriate message in the subject line: "unsubscribe promotional offers", "do not mail", "do not call".
*If the unsubscribe link above doesn’t take you to the site, you can paste this full address in your browser bar:
http://submit.servmast.com/unsub/TUL5KFEewwG17zPdn8EZbM2LTdN52hAVRwonOMwR1lXvjd0twnFALj15RFELAzuy
Email us:
Call us:
Visit us:
terminixcares@terminix.com
1-800-837-6464
https://www.terminix.com/customer-support/
If you have questions about your California rights, please visit chapter 9 of this policy, above.
By using our website, you agree to our use of cookies to analyze website traffic and improve your experience on our website.
Learn more about the types of cookies we use by reviewing our updated Privacy Policy.
OK