https://www.rosscastors.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
X
We're still open! 10% off today! - Code "ROSS10"
Apply Code
Castors
Previously Purchased
BUDGET Light Duty Castors with Top Plate Fitting
BUDGET Castors Bolt Hole Light Duty
Industrial Castors Top Plate Medium Duty
Industrial Castors Bolt Hole Medium Duty
Top Plate Heavy Duty Castors
Fabricated Extra Heavy Duty Castors Top Plate
Gantry Castors and Crane Twin Fabricated Castors
Jacking Castors & Jacking Wheel Castors
Stainless Steel Castors
High Temperature Castors and Wheels
Anti Static Castors
Medical Equipment Castors
Light Duty Twin Wheel Castors
Furniture Castors
Vintage Castors
Shepherd Metal Ball Castors
Pneumatic Castor Wheels
Heavy Duty Super Elastic Rubber Castors
Footmaster Leveling Castors
Gate Castors & Skates
ISO Container Castors
Low Level Castors and Scene Shifter Castors
Ball Transfer and Conveyor Accessories
Display and Point of Sale Castors
Scaffold Castors
Fixed Wheel Castors and Fixed Castors
Flexello Castors
Machine Moving Skates & Rotating Dollies
Nylon Castors & Wheels
Jockey Wheels
AGV Castors
Truck Locks
Shopping Trolley Castors and Wheels
CC Apex Ergonomic Castors
Castors Accessories
LAG Castors
View All
Wheels
Previously Purchased
Rubber Trolley Wheels
Pneumatic Wheels & Pneumatic Trolley Wheels
Puncture Proof Pneumatic Wheelbarrow Wheels
Pneumatic Rubber Wheels Metal Centered
Wheelbarrow Wheels
Haemmerlin Wheelbarrow Wheels
Heavy Duty Aeronautic Rubber Wheels
Nylon Wheels
Blue Elastic Rubber Wheels
Black Rubber Wheels
Grey Rubber Wheels
Polyurethane Wheels
Anti-Static Wheels
Temperature Resistant Wheels
Wheelchair Wheels & Castors
Pallet Rollers
Cast Iron and Steel Wheels
V Grooved and Flanged Rail Wheels
Wheelie Bin Wheels
Sack Truck Wheels
Kenda Replacement Tyres
Deli Replacement Tyres
Tyre and Inner Tubes
Wheels Accessories & Axles
Stairclimber Wheels
Apex Wheels
WheelEEZ Balloon Beach Wheels
PT Designer Series Polyurethane Tyred Wheels
View All
Tube & Fittings
Previously Purchased
Round Tube Inserts
Square Tube Inserts
Rectangular Tube Inserts
Hand Wheels & Hand Grips
Square Tube Connectors
Square Steel Tube Box Section & Aluminium Tube 3m
Rod and Wire End Tips
Round Ferrules and Caps
Square Ferrules and Caps
Crutch Pads and Walking Stick Feet
Body Plugs
Buffers
Bolt and Nut Protection Caps
Metal Components
Round Plastic Threaded Inserts
Round Metal Threaded Inserts
Square Plastic Threaded Inserts
Square Metal Threaded Inserts
Rectangular Threaded Inserts
Stainless Steel Threaded Weld Plates
Pallet Feet
Accessories
Doorstops
View All
Connect A Tube
Previously Purchased
Tubes
Brackets
Castors
Accessories
View All
Adjustable Feet
Previously Purchased
Furniture Levelling feet
Tilting Adjustable Feet
Heavy Duty Adjustable Feet
Nickel Plated Anti Corrosion Adjustable Feet
Stainless Steel Adjustable Feet
Bolt Down Adjustable Feet
Anti Vibration Feet & Machine Mounts
Aluminium All in One Conveyor Feet
Adjustable Feet Accessories
View All
Sack Trucks Trolleys & Steps
Previously Purchased
Hand Sanitiser Units
Sack Trucks
Aluminium Sack Trucks
3 in 1 Folding Sack Trucks
Stair Climber Sack Trucks
Mobile Steps and Warehouse Safety Steps
Tray Trolleys
Table Trolleys
Platform Trolleys
Trailers
Heavy Duty Dollies & Machine Moving Skates
Accessories
View All
Shop by Application
Previously Purchased
Oil Gas & Marine
Steel Fabrication
Warehouse & Logistics
Outdoor & Agricultural
Retail & POS
Education Castors
Food Production
Automotive Castors
Waste Disposal Castors and Skip Wheels
Theatres, Staging and Production Castors
Medical Castors
View All
Bespoke
Help
Help With My Order
Delivery & Returns
Contact Us
Catalogue
Help Me Choose
Brands
Measuring Advice
Shop By Application
Bespoke Service
Design & Build
Product Sourcing
Connect a Tube
Contact Us
About Us
Open A Credit Account
Returns
Popular Questions
How Long Will My Order Take To Arrive
See The Answer >
Popular Blogs
Decora Blinds Increase Productivity By 17% Using Tube And Joint System
Read Article >
Popular Videos
Choosing The Right Wheelbarrow Wheels
Watch Video >
Next Day Delivery Available
Specialist in Castors, Wheels and Handling Equipment
Order before 2pm
For same day dispatch
*Weekdays only
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Ross Castors uses and protects any information that you give Ross Castors when you use this website. Ross Castors is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Ross Castors may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
When do we collect your personal data?
We may collect information about you or your use of the service:
When you visit our website and use your account to buy products or redeem vouchers from a partnership on the phone, in store or online.
When you make an online purchase and check out as a guest
When you create an account with us
When you purchase a product or service in store or by phone but don’t have (or don’t use) an account.
When you engage with us on social media.
When you join our loyalty programme (Ross Rewards)
When you enter prize draws or competitions.
When you take part in surveys or provide us with feedback.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Your name, age/date of birth and gender.
Contact information including email address and telephone number.
Demographic information such as postcode.
Your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Information you provide when you enter a survey (we may ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them).
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Send you service messages by email or texts so you can tell when your order is on its way.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, text, telephone or mail. Of course, you are free to opt out of hearing from us by any of these channels at any time.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Where we have a legal right or duty to use or disclose your information (for example in relation to an investigation by a public authority or in a legal dispute).
What information do we share with others?
We sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties which can include:
From Delivery couriers – we only provide them information in which they need to perform their specific services
Direct marketing companies who help us manage our online communications with you
Google/Facebook to show you products that might interest you while you’re browsing the internet. This is based either on your marketing consent or your acceptance of cookies on our website
How long do we keep the data?
Whenever we collect or process your personal data unless there is a specific legal requirement to keep the information, we will retain your personal data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the data has been collected for.
How can you stop the use of your personal data for direct marketing?
There are a couple of ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails.
Email us at sales@rosshandling.co.uk
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@rosscastors.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Your right opting out
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from us you have the option of ‘opting out’ at any time. Clear instructions on how to opt out of each area will be detailed specifically (for instance, at the bottom of our e-newsletter you will have the option to unsubscribe by clicking a link). Alternatively, you can let us know in writing at sales@rosscastors.co.uk.
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, couriers, advertisers and affiliates, or to social media platforms. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
Children
We are strongly committed to preserving online privacy for all of our Website visitors, including children. The Website is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. We will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to use or submit information to the Website. . If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we may have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
X
Receive 10% Off your order now
Use Code:10BRIGHT
Apply Coupon Now
No Thanks
* Terms & Conditions apply.
Previously Purchased
To view your previously purchased products click here (Note: You'll need to be logged in to view your previously purchased product list)
Recently Viewed ()
Previously Purchased
Contact Us