https://www.stonge.com/privacy-policy/
Translate
Select LanguageArabicChinese (Simplified)DutchEnglishFrenchGermanItalianPortugueseRussianSpanish
Privacy Policy Overview
Because your privacy is important to us, St. Onge Company’s Privacy Policy is based on the following principle — respect and protect the privacy of our users. The Privacy Policy explains how St. Onge Company adheres to this principle in order to serve you best.
This policy only addresses services from our servers. Other websites, such as those we link to or co-brand with, may have their own policies.
If you work for a firm that subscribes to our service, their privacy policies will take precedence over ours, and we may be required to share user information as requested by your corporation.
What We Track
St. Onge Company tracks two types of information about our users: personal information that you provide at registration (“Personally Identifiable Data”) and information about your usage of the system (“Usage Data”).
Personally Identifiable Data includes such information as your name, your e-mail address, and your Country. Other than your email address, first and last name and company name, the provision of Personally Identifiable Data during the registration process is optional. However, providing us with more Personally Identifiable Data enables us to provide more relevant information to you, based on your location, industry, etc. Upon registration, users may opt to be taken off our solutions mailing list or to be contacted about our product and service offerings .
Usage Data includes any non-personally identifiable data relating to your use of our products or services and may include, but is not limited to, the frequency of your queries and the topics you query. When a user installs St. Onge Company mobile application on their mobile devices or computers, for instance, they is assigned a randomly-generated unique user ID, according to which such usage information is automatically tracked. Additionally, at the start of every session, when such application is loaded into memory, the application may check to see what version of application you have installed in an attempt to provide you with suitable updates.
In instances where St. Onge Company feels it can improve the user experience, offer new products or product enhancements, usage information may be associated with the Personally Identifiable Data. The purpose of gathering this information is to help St. Onge Company provide better service to our users. St. Onge Company may use this information to contact our users with information related to our products and services and to help us understand the use of our products and services.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
The Usage Data (i.e. Non-Personally Identifiable Data) we track about our users may be used and shared with third parties on an aggregate basis (e.g., our corporate customers or third-party content providers) in order to provide a better or more customer-focused service to our users.
Personally Identifiable Data will not be shared externally without the user’s permission, except in the following limited circumstances:
Personally Identifiable Data may be shared with our contractors and agents, who are bound by confidentiality obligations, in order to provide you with services. Unless we tell you otherwise, these companies do not have a right to use the Personally Identifiable Data we share with them beyond what is essential to assist us. For example, Personally Identifiable Data may be provided to our e-mail management services firm, which helps us keep you updated about the latest features of St. Onge Company. This e-mail management services firm will only receive Personally Identifiable Data from us for those users who have opted in to receive e-mail notifications from us. You may opt-out of these informational e-mails at any point; and
Onge Company will share Personally Identifiable Data if required to do so by law or in good-faith belief that such action is necessary to a) comply with the law or respond to court orders, subpoenas, or legal process served on our site; b) protect and defend the rights or property of St. Onge Company, our site, or our users; c) protect the personal safety of St. Onge Company employees, our users, or the public; or d) enforce or apply our usage guidelines.
Personally Identifiable Data will be shared externally when St. Onge Company receives a user’s consent to share the information.
Personally Identifiable Data will be shared with a successor of interest in St. Onge Company or to a purchaser of St. Onge Company’s assets, in the event that St. Onge Company is involved in a merger or acquisition, provided such successor/purchaser is required to comply with the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
How We Track It
St. Onge Company uses either cookies and/or other methods to collect and/or store user information. You can use St. Onge Company website & applications even if cookies are disabled, but this may impact our ability to adapt St. Onge Company products & services according to your preferences.
"How Secure is my Information?"
St. Onge Company operates secure data networks protected by industry standard security protection systems. For example, St. Onge Company provides SSL encrypted authentication of users at session login based on username and password when accessing our secure project collaboration eRoom application.
In addition, we periodically review our privacy policy to ensure we remain in full compliance as we upgrade our system.
"Can I Update or Remove my Personal Information?"
You may update or remove your Personally Identifiable Data from our system at any time, by contacting us at info@stonge.com. Upon registration, you may opt out of our mailing lists. Alternatively, if you receive some communication from us, at that time, you may indicate your desired change of information.
Changes to This Privacy Statement
St. Onge Company may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any major changes in the way your Personally Identifiable Data may be used, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our website.
Children
We do not specifically collect information about children. Children under the age of 13 should get their parents’ consent before providing any Personally Identifiable Data to St. Onge Company.
Additional Information
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to info@stonge.com.
For more information on protecting your privacy on-line, please see the following sites:
Center for Democracy and Technology
Electronic Privacy Information Center
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Note: This statement applies to the entire line of St. Onge Company products & services.