http://www.dunlopboots.com/en/privacy-policy/cookie-statement
The most comfortable work boots
Purofort guarantees long lasting comfort
Segment-oriented solutions
EN
Segments
Purofort
Products
Agriculture & Fishery
Snugboot
Food
Industry
Oil, Gas & Mining
Outdoor & Leisure
Waders
Accessories
Technologies
About us
Company Profile
Mission Statement
Our Strategy
Market Overview
Our Values
Brand Story
Careers
Contact
Sustainability
Sustainability overview
People Promise
Planet Promise
Prosperity Promise
Quality and management systems
Sustainability Definitions
Search
Trade Partner Portal
Search
EN
Trade Partner Portal
Search
This Website uses cookies to improve the user experience and ensure that it is functioning effectively.
This Cookie Notice is part of our Privacy Statement. For more information about us, and how we protect visitor information, please see our Privacy Statement.
Whenever you use this Website, information may be collected through the use of cookies and other technologies. By using this Website you agree to our use of cookies as described in this Cookie Notice and also to the use of cookies on the other country, regional or practice specific websites contained in dunlopboots.com that you may visit, as described in their accompanying cookie notices.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve the user experience and to ensure the functionalities. Cookies are files or pieces of information that can be stored on your computer or other devices with Internet access, such as a smart phone or tablet when using the Website. By using cookies we want to enhance your experience on our Website and our products and services to better suit your interests and needs. Cookies can be used to improve the speed of your future activities and sessions on our Web sites. We also use cookies that are necessary for providing the functionalities of our website and for remembering your preferences and settings. You can find more detailed information about cookies and how they work at http://www.aboutcookies.org/.If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser settings, such as blocking completely the placing of cookies. You may possibly then be unable to use all features of our website.
What cookies do we use and why?
Some of the cookies we use are necessary to enable you to move around the Website and use its features such as accessing secure areas that may contain content for registered users.
We also use functional cookies to record information about the choices you have made and to allow us to tailor the Website to our users; for example, to remember your language or region or that you have already completed a survey. This information is usually anonymised and is not used for any other purpose.
We or our service providers also use analytic services to help us understand how effective our content is, what interests our users have, and to improve how this Website works. In addition, we use web beacons or tracking pixels to count visitor numbers and performance cookies to track how many individual users access this Website and how often. This information is used for statistical purposes only and it is not our intention to use such information to personally identify any user. However, if you have registered and signed into this Website we may combine this information with information from our web analytic services and cookies to analyse how you use this Website in more detail.
This Website also uses tracking cookies/technologies to visualize how users interact with our the Website so that we can improve the Website, such as the structure and the layout.
Google Analytics
Through our Website, cookies are placed by Google as part of the service "Google Analytics". This service is used by us to keep reports about how visitors use the Website. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if Google is legally required or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. We have no influence on this. We do not allow Google to use the acquired analytics information with other Google services. The resulting information is transferred along with your IP address and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Read Google's privacy policy for more information: http://www.google.com/intl/nl/policies/privacy/
Google uses this information to track how our website is used and to be able to provide us with reports on the Website. This information expires automatically after one year.
Hotjar
Through our Website cookies and tracking pixels are placed by Hotjar (https: //www.hotjar.com) to understand how you as a unique, anonymous user in real-time are using our Website (mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity). With the collected information, we can improve the website and tune in to how you use our Website. Hotjar does not show and use IP addresses; data can therefore not be traced back to your IP address.
The session cookies that are placed let us know whether that user is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels.
The tracking pixels that are placed visualize how users interact with our Website and are managed by Hotjar. Hotjar stores these on your browser which expire automatically after one year.
Sitecore
Through our Website cookies are placed by Sitecore (https://www.sitecore.net/) to identify repeat visits from a single user. Sitecore sends a persistent cookie that expires ten years after the last page request.
Social buttons
We use social buttons to enable our users to share or bookmark web pages. These are buttons for third party social media platforms and these sites may log information about your activities on the Internet including on this Website. Please review the respective terms of use and privacy policies of these sites to understand exactly how they use your information and to find out how to opt-out, or delete, such information.
We may modify or amend this Cookie Notice from time to time at our discretion. When we make changes to this notice, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page, and such modified or amended Cookie Notice shall be effective as to you and your information as of that revision date.
We use cookies to personalise content, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services. Click on "Settings" to change cookie types or read our cookie statement.
Options
Functional
Optimal
More information