http://www.celebrationpyrotechnics.com/cookie-policy/
Cookie Policy
Toggle navigation
Home
Firework Displays
Public Firework Displays
Musical Events
Pyro-Animation And Theatrical Effects
Fireworks For Weddings And Parties
Low Noise Fireworks
Pyrotechnic Effects
Film Clips
DIY Fireworks
Testimonials
Safety
Contact
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
COOKIE POLICY
Information about our use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Cookie Name
Purpose
Tracker Code
Our website uses technology to collect information about its use, to distinguish between users, to help us provide you with a good experience and to allow us to improve the site and the service we offer. This means that when you visit our website, cookies or similar technologies will be placed on your computer or other device.
Because we use website hit tracking technology on our website, this allows us to see how our website is ranking and how it gets found online. The data that our tracker stores includes your location, IP address, device type and ISP (Internet Service Provider)
Third party cookies
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Our website uses third party cookies from the providers found in the table below, if you require further information about what those cookies are or how they are used, you should contact those providers directly.
3rd Party Name
Additional
Facebook
Pinterest
Google Plus
Twitter
You can choose to share content from our site with others via the social networks listed on the left, and so you may be sent cookies from these websites.
Google
We utilise the online advertising services of the third party companies listed on the left, and each of their sites use may set cookies to help identify which adverts are clicked on/interacted with.
How do I block cookies?
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Home | Firework Displays | Film Clips | DIY Fireworks | Testimonial | Safety | Contact Us
Firework Displays Cornwall ~ Fireworks Devon ~ Wedding Fireworks Somerset ~ Party Fireworks Cornwall
Firework Shops Devon ~ Firework Company Somerset ~ Fireworks For Sale Cornwall
Web Design by Unitel Direct | Get Listed With Business Internet Finder | List Your Business On The Trade Finder
Find Us On The Entertainment Register | View Our Privacy Policy
© 2006- 2015 Celebration Pyrotechnics Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled