http://www.aeyates.co.uk/privacy-policy
About Us
Companies
Plant Sales
Careers
Call Today:
01204 696175
Menu
Group Home
About Us
Companies
Plant Sales
Careers
Our Companies
A E Yates Limited Civil Engineering
A E Yates Directional Drilling
Combined Soil Stabilisation
Side Grip Piling
SPI Piling
Tritech Ground Engineering
This privacy policy explains how we use any information we collect about you, how you can tell us if you prefer to limit the use of that information, and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.  For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 2018 (the UK’s implementation of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)) the data controller is A E Yates Limited, Cranfield Road, Lostock Industrial Estate, Bolton, Lancashire BL6 4SB.
Policy Summary
Your privacy is important to us so we only use the information you provide about you and your company when using this website to answer your enquiry. We do not share this information with any third party except to the extent necessary to answer your enquiry if that enquiry requires the involvement of a third party. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Information we may collect
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site at www.aeyates.co.uk If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondenceDetails of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, web server statistics, traffic data, location data and details of the web pages and resources that you access
Uses of Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. The table below explains the cookies we use and why.
Cookies on this site
Cookie Preference (Essential)
cookie_notice_accepted – This cookie is used to remember a user’s choice about cookies on this site. Where users have previously indicated a preference, that user’s preference will be stored in this cookie. This cookie is required for the website to function.
Universal Analytics Google (Optional – Third Party)
_ga, _gid – These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in a way that does not directly identify anyone, including the number of visitors to the website and blog, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited.Read Google’s overview of privacy and safeguarding data. These cookies are optional and are only set if you accept our cookie consent notice.
Lead Forensics (Optional – Third Party)
_lfuuid – The _lfuuid cookie allows a website to track visitor behaviour on the sites on which the cookie is installed. Tracking is performed anonymously until a user identifies themselves by submitting a form.
How do I change my cookie settings?
You can change your cookie preferences at any time by clicking on the ‘cookie consent’ link in the footer of this site. You can then choose accept or decline. You may need to refresh your page for your settings to take effect.
Alternatively, most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google ChromeMicrosoft EdgeMozilla FirefoxMicrosoft Internet ExplorerOperaApple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website.
To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Don’t worry we protect your information
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data we cannot guarantee the security of data that you transmit to our site. Any transmission is therefore at your own risk. Once we have received your information we will use internal procedures and security to try to prevent unauthorised access.
We also keep your information confidential. The internal procedures of the A E Yates Group cover the storage, access and disclosure of your information.
How we use your information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To provide you with information or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposesTo carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us
We may also use your data to provide you with information about services which may be of interest to you and we may contact you about these by email or telephone.
If you are an existing customer we will only contact you by electronic means with information about services complementary to those which were the subject of a previous interest. If you are a new customer we will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way please contact us.
When we might disclose your data to others
We may disclose your personal information to third parties for very few reasons:
Where we engage the business services of a third party to provide services directly to the A E Yates Group. For example, we may use a mailing house to email promotional materials such as our email newsletter. Rest assured that any third parties are strictly prohibited from using your personal data for any other purposes.In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.If the A E Yates Group or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of A E Yates, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes.
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our clients and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
The Data Protection Act 2018 gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the act.
Consent
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times.
Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Owing to the global nature of the Internet infrastructure, the information you provide may be transferred in transit to countries outside the European Economic Area that do not have similar protections in place regarding your data and its use as set out in this policy. However, we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By submitting your information you consent to these transfers.
Contact Details
We welcome your views about our website and our privacy policy. If you have any queries or comments or if any of the information that you have provided to A E Yates changes please contact us.
Contact
We would be pleased to discuss your next project
Get in touch
Our website uses cookies, to enable essential services and functionality on our site and to collect data on how visitors interact with our site to help improve our service. By clicking accept you agree to our use of these tools for analytics and consent to our cookie policy. Find out more.AcceptDecline
You can revoke your consent any time using the Revoke consent button.Revoke consent