http://www.berlinmetals.com/berlin/privacy-policy/
THIS PRIVACY POLICY WAS LAST UPDATED ON MAY 31, 2017
Since your privacy is a high priority for Olympic Steel, we’ve made it a policy to safeguard the information you share with us. This Privacy Policy applies to any information collected about you by Olympic Steel, its subsidiaries, and its affiliates.
Olympic Steel has the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of the Privacy Policy at any time. You should revisit our Privacy Policy periodically to stay aware of our current privacy policy. Please review the following for details and contact us with any questions or concerns.
Type Of Information We Collect
We may collect information from you through your use of our website or other business dealings that you may have with us. Such information includes:
Information that you provide to us
Information that we collect through the use of cookies, web beacons or other technology methods
We also collect information in relation to an application or task that you have asked us to perform, such as providing a quote request. As with the general information, we’ll use what you have provided to continue to build better service and business overall.
The information we receive from you helps us build a better website in terms of functionality and content. With your permission, we may occasionally notify you of Olympic Steel news that may be of interest to you.
Distribution of Information
The information that we collect will be shared within our organization to perform your requested activities. In addition, individual data will be aggregated and analyzed to understand customer trends and requirements, so that we can continue to provide a service that is reliable, responsive and efficient.
We also may share information (1) with affiliates of Olympic Steel, (2) service providers who may be providing services for us or on our behalf, or (3) other parties based on your consent.
Olympic Steel will never sell, rent, trade or otherwise distribute your information to any other organization unless compelled by law or legal process.
Voluntary Consent
Our website is a voluntary information channel that is open to you at all times. You always have a choice regarding the tools that you use and the information that you provide. We don’t ask questions for the sake of asking questions, but do so because it is pertinent to our ability to serve and know you better.
Cross-Border Transfer – Notice To E.U. Data Subjects.
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or service providers, and by using our Site or by providing consent to us (where required by law), you specifically acknowledge and agree to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including to the United States, which may provide for different data protection rules, and a lower standard of required protection, than in your country.
Updates to This Privacy Policy.
We may change this Policy. Please take a look at the LAST UPDATE legend at the top of this page to see when this Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Policy will become effective when we post the revised Policy on this Site. Your use of this Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Policy.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us via one of these methods:
By phone please call (216) 242-2886 (Monday to Friday, 8am – 5pm EST)
By e-mail at Corporate.HR@olysteel.com.
Or please write to the following address: Olympic Steel, Inc., 22901 Millcreek Boulevard, Suite 650, Highland Hills, OH 44122
Company Overview
Core Values
Quality Program
Monthly Global Overview
Testimonials
Contact Us
Location & Directions
Request A Quote
Products
Tinplate & Black Plate
Window Manufacturing
Stainless Steel Strip
Nickel Information
Galvanized Steel
Cold Rolled Steel
Steel Making & Technical Info
Glossary
Capabilities / Equipment
Facilities
Processing Lines
–
Olympic Steel
Chicago Tube & Iron
Integrity Stainless
Stock Tracker
Olympic Steel
(ZEUS)
Last Trade:
3200 Sheffield Avenue, Hammond, Indiana 46327. | 800-754-8867© 2020 Berlin Metals. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Request a Quote   |   Olympic Steel   |   Chicago Tube & Iron   |   Integrity Stainless