http://www.worldmkting.com/terms-of-use/
Sign inRegister
Account
Need Help? 1-800-776-9425
Home
Terms of Use
Website Terms and Conditions of Use
BY ACCESSING AND BROWSING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATION, THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, PLEASE DISCONTINUE USE OF THIS WEBSITE.
Modification of Terms
World Marketing of America, Inc. (WMAI) may, at any time and without notice, amend these terms and conditions ("Terms"), or may limit or deny access to, or change the content of, the website. You should periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms to which you are bound. These Terms are applicable to all World Marketing of America, Inc. websites. When leaving this website, including to visit another World Marketing of America, Inc. website, please read the website terms of each website and the privacy policy applicable to such website to ensure you understand and agree with the terms applicable to that website.
Applicability
Information and materials displayed on the website, including without limitation, product pricing, specifications, warranty and/or other information, are applicable to products sold in the United States and not necessarily to products sold in other markets, and are subject to change at any point in time.
Restricted Use and Copyrights
You should assume that all photographs, audio and video clips, picture images, graphics, links, website architecture, format, layout and data structures, and all other items contained on the website are copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used in any manner, except as provided in these Terms or in the website text, without World Marketing of America, Inc.’s prior written permission. Images of people or places and World Marketing of America’s products, are either property of, or used with permission by, World Marketing of America, Inc. Any unauthorized use of these materials may violate copyright, trademark and privacy laws, and other applicable statutes. You may browse this website and download or print a copy of material displayed on the website for your personal use only and not for redistribution, unless consented to in writing by World Marketing of America, Inc. This limited consent shall automatically terminate upon your breach of any of these website Terms.
Trademarks
Comfort Glow, Dura Heat, Kero World, Kozy World, Pick-A-Wick, Seasons Comfort, and other World Marketing of America, Inc. product names, model numbers, logos, commercial symbols, trade names and slogans are trademarks or trade dress of World Marketing of America, Inc. and others and are protected by U.S. and international trademark laws. You are prohibited from using any of the marks appearing on this website without prior written consent of World Marketing of America, Inc., except as permitted by applicable laws. Other marks and logos shown on this website may be marks owned by third parties not affiliated with World Marketing of America, Inc. and are used with their permission. Nothing shown on this website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any permission, license or right to use any trademark, service mark or trade name displayed on this website without the written permission of World Marketing of America, Inc. or the third party owner. The use of any of our logos or marks, whether registered or unregistered, as a hyperlink to this website or any other World Marketing of America, Inc. website is strictly prohibited unless consented to in writing by WMAI . World Marketing of America, Inc. will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including seeking criminal prosecution.
Disclaimers
All data contained on the website relating to third-party products or services, including but not limited to products, availability of service or product, product feature or service coverage, if any, should be verified with the party supplying the product or service. WMAI may at any time without notice amend the data displayed on the website. While WMAI endeavors to periodically update posted information, not all information may be current, and WMAI does not guarantee the accuracy or reliability of such data. Specifications on the website are for comparison purposes only; specifications, are subject to change without notice.  Prices charged by our retail partners are set by those retailers and will vary by retailer and market. WMAI is not responsible for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on any data contained on this website.
This website is provided as a convenience to you on an "as is" and "as available" basis. WMAI does not warrant that your access to these website pages will be uninterrupted or error-free. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, IS MADE IN RELATION TO THE AVAILABILITY, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR CONTENT OF THE SITE PAGES. WORLD MARKETING OF AMERICA INC. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, REVENUES OR DATA, OR LOSSES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF WMAI HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. World Marketing of America, Inc.  assumes no responsibility and/or liability for any damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of or arising out of your use of or access to this website. Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of certain warranties or limitations of liability, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. WMAI's liability in any case shall, however, be limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
WMAI may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned or operated by third parties, including authorized dealers. When visiting these third-party sites, you do so at your own risk. You should review and determine if you agree to a particular site's terms and conditions of use before using such site. WMAI does not control these sites and assumes no responsibility for their content. A link to a non-World Marketing of America, Inc. site does not imply that WMAI endorses the site or the products or services described on such sites.
WMAI has not reviewed all the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any other sites linked to the site. We sometimes provide access to other World Wide Web sites from our sites. But we do not endorse or approve any products or information offered at sites you reach through our site. Check the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) address provided in your WWW browser to see if you are still in a WMAI-operated site or have moved to another site.
Although WMAI may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the site, WMAI is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations, nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the Site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any law. WMAI will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Eveready to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Submissions
Any communication or material you transmit to the website (including feedback, data, answers, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, orders, requests, or the like) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary unless noted otherwise. All materials transmitted to the website becomes the property of WMAI and may be used for any purpose. WMAI may publish the material and/or incorporate it or any concepts described in it into our products without compensation, restrictions on use, acknowledgment of source, accountability, or liability.
Indemnification
World Marketing of America Inc. assumes no responsibility to indemnify or otherwise defend or protect you or any other purchaser of its products for liability from your actual or alleged conduct, including customers, agents, employees including but not limited to, resale of our products under any of the following conditions.
With any product alterations not authorized by World Marketing of America, Inc. in writing.
Without all instructions and warnings provided by World Marketing of America, Inc.
With oral or written instructions contrary to those provided by World Marketing of America, Inc.
Which have been used or damaged by customer or returned by customer after retail sale without first being examined by World Marketing of America, Inc.
In violation of any federal, state, province, or local code statute or ordinance.
Governing Law
This website is governed by and subject to the laws of the State of Pennsylvania and, where applicable, U.S. federal law.
Contact Information
For general inquiries please refer to the “Contact Us” section of this website or write to World Marketing of America Inc., PO Box 192, Mill Creek, PA 17060.
Quick Links
CONTACT US
PRODUCT REGISTRATION
OWNER'S MANUALS
FIND A RETAILER
FIND A SERVICE CENTER
TROUBLESHOOT
×
×
Ask An Expert
Ask the World Marketing team anything on worldmkting.com
We’ll follow up with you via email or phone within 1-2 business days
Please answer the following Questionnaire
Do you need:
Tech Support
Product Info
Both
What can i help you with today ?
Enter Your Name
Enter Your email
Enter Your Phone Number
How would you like me to contact you ?
Phone
Email
Both
Security code
Send Question