http://www.filtermist.com/privacy-policy/
Filtermist Privacy Notice
Contents
Clause
1. Important information
2. The data we collect about you
3. How is your personal data collected?
4. How we use your personal data
5. Disclosures of your personal data
6. International transfers
7. Data security
8. Data retention
9. Your legal rights
10. Glossary
Introduction
Welcome to the Filtermist privacy notice.
Who we are
The term ‘Filtermist’ used in this privacy notice refers to a group made up of different legal entities, details of which can be found here. This privacy notice is issued on behalf of Filtermist so when we mention ‘Filtermist’, ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’ in this privacy notice, we are referring to the relevant entity within the collective group responsible for processing your data.
Data Controller
Filtermist International Limited is the data controller responsible for this website.
Filtermist respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the European General Data Protection Regulations (‘GDPR’) protect citizens of the European Union.
This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Alternatively, you can download a pdf version of the policy here. Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
1. Important information
2. The data we collect about you
3. How is your personal data collected?
4. How we use your personal data
5. Disclosures of your personal data
6. International transfers
7. Data security
8. Data retention
9. Your legal rights
10. Glossary
1. Important information
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Filtermist collects and processes your personal data when you purchase products or services from us or interact with us through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website, the website email system, the distributor portal or when you email us with sales or general enquiries or when you provide consents for inclusion on our mailing lists or enter any competition we run or promote.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. If you are under 16, please get your parent or guardian to contact the data privacy manager.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Data Privacy Manager
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights under the GDPR, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details
Our full details are:
full name of legal entity: Filtermist International Limited;
company number: 05671698;
registered office: Telford 54 Business Park, Nedge Hill, Telford, Shropshire, TF3 3AL;
data privacy manager: Jo Morris;
email address: data@filtermist.com;
postal address: Telford 54 Business Park, Nedge Hill, Telford, Shropshire, TF3 3AL England;
Telephone number: +44 (0)1952 290500.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on 10th June 2020 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
2. The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender;
Contact Data includes the name of your company or business (if relevant), the billing address, delivery address, email address, telephone numbers and fax number (if any);
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details;
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us;
Technical Data includes but is not limited to internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website and/or access our distributor portal or otherwise communicate with us using electronic communications systems;
Profile Data includes your username and password (if you have one), purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses;
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website or our distributor portal or how you otherwise communicate with us using electronic or other communications systems, products and services; and
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may calculate the percentage of sales by region. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service order you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
order products, materials or services;
request a warranty repair;
request a trade account;
request marketing materials or information to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We may collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
We receive:
Technical Data in the form of anonymised data concerning visitors to our website harvested by Google Analytics (Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre, Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043) but supplied to us via Pepperneck Ltd, company number 4084950 registered office 4 Nimrod House, Enigma Business Park, Sandy Road, Malvern, Worcestershire WR14 1JJ;
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of financial information being Plimsoll Publishing Limited company number 2102017 whose registered office is at Scotswood House, Thornaby Place, Thornaby, Stockton On Tees, TS17 6SB based and Credit Safe UK at 19 Eastbourne Terrace, Paddington, London, W2 6LG.
Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources based inside the EU such as Companies House and the Electoral Register.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may calculate the percentage of sales by region. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service order you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
4. How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Click here to find out more about the types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy notice
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(e) Marketing and Communications
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(d) Usage
(e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving marketing information.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside Filtermist for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file written to your browser or the hard drive of your computer that contains information about you.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies If you set up your browser to reject the cookie, you may still use the website but some parts of the website may not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please click contact us.
Save where notification would be a breach or our legal obligations, if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
5. Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. International transfers
Some of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. For example, We share your personal data with Pepperneck Ltd of 4 Nimrod House, Enigma Business Park, Sandys Road, Malvern, Worcestershire WR14 1JJ who collect data on our behalf. This will involve transferring your data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax and other purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. Your legal rights
Request access to your personal data
Request correction of your personal data
Request erasure of your personal data
Object to processing of your personal data
Request restriction of processing your personal data
Request transfer of your personal data
Right to withdraw consent
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact the data privacy manager: Jo Morris, Filtermist International Limited, Telford 54 Business Park, Nedge Hill, Telford, Shropshire, TF3 3AL; email address: data@filtermist.com.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10.	Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities please contact us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Filtermist International Limited, company number 05671698 is part of a group of companies.
Other companies in the Filtermist group of companies are:
Filtermist Systems Limited, company number 04220347;
acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in the United Kingdom. Certain Information Technology (‘IT’) facilities and data are shared across the Filtermist group as are certain system administration services and reporting systems.
The registered office of each member of the Filtermist group is : Telford 54 Business Park, Nedge Hill, Telford, Shropshire, TF3 3AL
External Third Parties
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Web hosting and email distributions services provided by Pepperneck Ltd, company number 4084950 registered office 4 Nimrod House, Enigma Business Park, Sandy Road, Malvern, Worcestershire WR14 1JJ provided in conjunction with iContact, LLC., 12051 Indian Creek Court, Beltsville, MD 20705. iContact, LLC. complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, with respect to the personal data it receives from countries in the European Economic Area and Switzerland.
Providers of financial information being Plimsoll Publishing Limited company number 2102017 whose registered office is at Scotswood House, Thornaby Place, Thornaby, Stockton On Tees, TS17 6SB based and Credit Safe UK at 19 Eastbourne Terrace, Paddington, London, W2 6LG.
Providers of information technology support being Halifax Computers Limited, Registered office: Equitable House, 55 Pellon Lane, Halifax. HX1 5SP, Registered number: 03910620;
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Filtermist Globalen
Filtermist UKen
Filtermist provides oil mist collectors in over 60 countries worldwide
language
Europe
Austriade Belarus Belgium Bosnia Bulgariabg Croatia Cyprus Czech Republiccz Denmark Estonia Finland Francefr Germanyde Greece Hungary Ireland Italyit Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Polandpl Portugalpt Romania Russia Slovakiacz Slovenia Spaines Sweden Switzerlandfr Switzerlandde Switzerlandit Turkey UK Ukraine Uzbekistan
language
Asia
Brunei Cambodia Chinacn Hong Kong India Indonesia Japanjp Kazakhstan Korea Laos Malaysia Philippines Singapore Taiwan Thailand Vietnam
Middle East
Bahrain Israel Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia
language
North America
Canadaen Canadafr Mexicoes USA
Latin America
Argentinaes Brazil
Australasia
Australia New Zealand
Africa
Morocco Namibia South Africa Tunisia
Home
Oil Mist Collectors
S Series
Airflow to 950m3/hr
FX Series
Airflow to 2750m3/hr
S Fusion & FX Fusion
Submicron particle collectors
Oil Mist Collector Accessories
Industries
Industries
Aerospace
Automotive
Food Production
General Engineering
Machine Tool Manufacture
Medical Device Manufacture
Applications
Servicing & Spares
Health & Safety
News & Exhibitions
News
Exhibitions
About
About Filtermist
Corporate
Conflict Minerals Policy Statement
Environmental Policy Statement
Information Security Statement
Modern Slavery Policy Statement
Quality Policy Statement
REACH Statement
RoHS Statement
Contact
Distributor Resource Centre
Online Shop
Coolant Control
Loc-Line® Modular Hose
1/4" modular hose
1/2" modular hose
3/4" modular hose
Accessories
Acid resistant hose
Manifolds
Shields
High pressure turret nozzles
Piranha Modular Hose
Piranha-cooling line
Pneumaster Coolant Pump
Mixing Valves
Tramp Oil Skimmers
Vacmaster Air Gun
Specialist Extraction
Loc-Line® Vacuum Hose
Vacmaster Air Gun