https://www.koolseal.com/terms-of-use/
Home » Terms of Use
The Sherwin-Williams Company Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms of Use
By using, visiting, or browsing any web site or portal published by The Sherwin-Williams Company, any of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, “Sherwin-Williams”) (collectively, the “Web Site(s)”) you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use and agree, without limitation, to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, please do not use our services or visit our Web Sites. Acceptance of these Terms of Use constitutes a legal agreement between you and Sherwin-Williams.
Changes to Terms of Use
Sherwin-Williams may at any time revise these Terms of Use. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to determine the then current terms of use and conditions to which you are bound. Your use of the Web Sites after changes are made means you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy of the Web Site you visit as such Terms of Use and Privacy Policy exist at that time.
Limitations of Use
You must be 18 years of age or older to access our Web Sites or use our services. By accessing our Web Sites, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Web Sites. You also agree not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to the Web Sites or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Web Sites, the terms of which are incorporated herein. You also agree not to impersonate any other person while using the Web Sites, conduct yourself in an inappropriate, offensive, indecent, or vulgar manner while using our service or Web Sites, or use the Web Sites for any unlawful purpose. You further agree to only submit content to the Web Sites that is (a) owned by you, (b) submitted with the express permission of the owner or within the scope of the license to such content, or (c) in the public domain. Sherwin-Williams reserves the right to terminate your access to the Web Sites or any of its services if it determines that you do not comply with these terms and conditions; provide false, inaccurate, or incomplete information during our registration process; engage in any conduct that would otherwise harm any of Sherwin-Williams’s rights or interests in its Web Sites, services, or other property; or for any or no reason whatsoever without prior notice to you.