https://www.trienawear.com/privacy
PRIVACY
Welcome to our website,  www.trienawear.com, and thank you for visiting! We are a dancewear company, proudly owned and operated by former professional ballet dancers since 1987.
Our website, http://www.trienawear.com is operated by MBA Productions, Inc. and hosted on Wix.com, Inc. Wix.com, Inc. provides us with the online platform that allows us to showcase and sell our products and services to you. All payment processing is performed through a secure third party such as PayPal or another merchant account.  Your privacy and security on www.trienawear.com are very important to us. We collect customer information for order fulfillment purposes, to improve the shopping experience, and to communicate about our products, services, and promotions. We do not sell or rent user information. To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Collection and Use of Your Information
When you browse our website, we may receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address, email address and phone number for order fulfillment processes. We may contact you by phone number only for questions regarding your order. We do not collect credit card information for billing. This information is collected by the third-party payment processor such as PayPal or another merchant account.  If there is a problem in processing an order, we will contact you with the contact information you have provided.
Additional Email Correspondence and Opt-out Choice
Occasionally we may email you about new products, special offers, and/or a newsletter.
You may choose to unsubscribe by emailing us at info@trienawear.com and/or by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the email.
Security of Your Information
Wix.com, Inc. is PCI Data Security Standards (DSS) compliant and is accredited as a level 1 service provider. With PayPal, every transaction is heavily guarded behind next-level encryption and your financial information is never shared with MBA Productions, Inc.nt.
Cookies
There are two types of cookies both used on our site hosted by Wix.com, Inc:
Session (Transient) cookies: these cookies are erased when you close your browser and do not collect information from your computer. They typically store information in the form of a session identification that does not personally identify the user.                                              Persistent (Permanent/Stored) cookies: these cookies are stored on your hard drive until they expire (i.e based on a set expiration date) or until you delete them. These cookies are used to collect identifying information about the user, such as Web surfing behavior or user preferences for a specific site.
Children's Privacy
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If we become aware of a situation where we have collected information from someone under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files.
Third-Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services needed.  These third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.   For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website.  By using our website after any changes have been made, you have agreed to accept these changes.
0