http://www.y12fcu.org/privacy-policy
×
Y-12
Official App
Free – Google Play
Get it
Branch lobbies are open for business.
ROUTING NUMBER: 264281432
Careers
Contact Us
Locations
Member Benefits
News
Quick Links
Open An Account
Y-12 Gives Foundation
Apply for a Loan or VISA
Apply for a Home Loan
Apply for a Student Loan
Business Loan Inquiry
Common Sense Debt Protection Claims
Events / Closings
Insurance Quote Request
Leave your feedback
Toggle navigation
Open An Account
Personal
Savings
Checking
Personal Loans
Home Lending
HELOCK
Credit Cards
7 Insurance
Y12 Investment Partners
Business
Accounts
Services
Business Loans
Cash Management Login
E-Services
Education
Insurance
Investments
Rates
Member Benefits
PRIVACY POLICY
Y-12 Federal Credit Union is committed to protecting our members' personal and financial information provided to us at all times. This policy describes our information gathering and disclosure practices for our Internet Web Site and e-mail obtained at www.y12fcu.org. We believe that all personal and financial information specific to you that you provide to us through any channel constitutes personal information.
OBTAINING PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you apply for a credit union account or service, we collect personal information in order to process your application. This personal and financial information is retained by us in order that we can provide you the products and services you request. Some of this information is also handled by our operating partners for; online transaction and bill pay services, debit cards and credit cards which require specific data to implement your transaction requests. Our operating partners have agreed to abide by our policy.
When you open or use an account or service from us, we retain personal information you provide in the context of using that product or service, including transaction information.
After you sign up for our online service (Online Banking), our data system records certain online information, including transactions you conduct online. The data enable us to process and confirm your transactions.
Our web site utilizes online applications for consumer and mortgage loans, credit cards, debit cards, check orders and credit union membership. These applications collect unique information like name, e-mail address, and social security numbers, financial information like account numbers and demographic information like zip code, age, or income level. This information is used only to; (a) process the application, (b) service the account (c) provide you with the benefits of being a member of Y-12 Federal Credit Union. To ensure your application is confidential, the information is sent to us in a "secure session" established with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption.
If you send us information by e-mail, we will retain the information relevant to the transaction, service or product that is subject of your e-mail. This information is used only by our staff to handle your request and to assure that we have adequately addressed your inquiry and to handle any follow up questions you may have. We may also use it to measure how effectively we address your concerns.
If you use our Online Banking online service, we will maintain your e-mail so that we may send you the following: (a) notice of your ability to use the service, (b) software update information, (c) information that will provide you a response to answer questions, to follow up on suggestions or complaints, or to improve our level of service.
Y-12 Federal Credit Union collects and stores information on general web site pages to measure the number of visitors to the various pages, date and time of visits to our web site, etc and to provide us information on how we can make improvements to the information available and provide more efficient access to our site so that we may better serve you our member/owner.
USE AND SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The credit union will use personal information, as appropriate in the normal course of our business, to provide the products and services you requested. We will also use this information to provide positive identification of you when you contact us.
We will not disclose information to third parties (excluding credit union affiliates) concerning your account with us, except: (a) when such disclosure is necessary to complete the transactions; (b) to verify the existence and condition of your account for a third party (such as a credit bureau) as is permitted by law; (c) to comply with any court order or applicable laws or regulations; or (d) when you give us your written permission.
The credit union does not and will not sell or provide personal information to third parties for independent use. We may, however, share personal information with our credit union affiliates, for example Credit Union Services of East Tennessee (CUSET) as allowed by federal law, if that information is required to provide a product or service you have requested.
ACCURACY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Y-12 Federal Credit Union intends to exercise reasonable procedures in order to assure the accuracy of our records and your personal information. Inaccurate information, when brought to our attention, will be corrected as promptly as possible. If you have any questions regarding the accuracy of your personal information, please call a Member Service Representative at 865-482-1043 or 800-482-1043 or contact us via e-mail at y12info@y12fcu.org.
We will not disclose information to third parties (excluding credit union affiliates) concerning your account with us, except: (a) when such disclosure is necessary to complete the transactions; (b) to verify the existence and condition of your account for a third party (such as a credit bureau) as is permitted by law; (c) to comply with any court order or applicable laws or regulations; or (d) when you give us your written permission.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The credit union uses multiple levels of security, beginning with your browser and ending with the credit union's operating system that acts as a virtual information vault inside the credit union. Information we receive via online applications is secure and requires industry standard Secure Socket layer encrypted browsers. Please see the Thawte Certificate available on our web site.
Protecting your privacy is an ongoing process for us. We will continue to review the measures we take to safeguard your personal information. These reviews will result in new measures to protect member records, as we make changes to our information security practices and other internal control systems to take advantage of new technology.
RE-MARKETING POLICY
Y-12 Federal Credit Union may occasionally use 3rd party re-marketing cookies on our website (www.y12fcu.org), including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. These cookies allows us to track your behavior on our website and show you promotional advertisements for the most relevant Y-12 Federal Credit Union products and services as you browse the Internet and social media. They also allow us to create special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in similar or related services. No personal information is collected through these cookies and no information will ever be shared with 3rd parties. As always, we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable personal or private information through the use of re-marketing cookies.
Opting-out: You can opt-out of re-marketing from Y-12 Federal Credit Union at any time by visiting https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en and following the brief instructions on the page.
About Us | Accessibility Statement | ATM Locations | Branch Locations | Calculators | Careers | Contact Us | Fee Schedule | Forms | Privacy Policy | Public Relations | Site Map
After clicking the CONTINUE button, you will be redirected to a web site that is not operated by Y-12 Federal Credit Union. Please review the website's privacy and security policies as they may differ from Y-12 Federal Credit Union.
Speedbump Modal Called Incorrectly!
ContinueCancel
Simple Modal Called Incorrectly!
Close