http://www.klmicrowave.com/privacy.php
Home
Filter Wizard®
About
Who We Are
Locations
Quality
Environmental
Ordering
Sales Terms
Supply Chain Management
Employment
Code of Ethics
About Dover
Privacy Policy
Products
LTE Products
News
Contact
» Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy (for www.klmicrowave.com)K&L Microwave recognizes the importance of privacy. This document outlines how user information is collected and used by this site.OverviewHow we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate, and the services provided. You can visit many pages on the K&L Microwave site without providing any information. Other pages may prompt you to provide information (such as when you create a site-specific log-in and use the quote cart functionality) or collect data to improve your browsing experience.Quote CartOur site uses a quote cart for customers to request information and products. Using the quote cart requires creating a customer log-in for this site, with username and password. We collect a user's contact information, such as postal address and telephone number. Contact information from the quote cart log-in account is used to send quotes, orders, and information. Contact information is also used to get in touch with a site visitor when necessary. Information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with K&L Microwave.Cookies and Automated CollectionLike most web sites, www.klmicrowave.com collects some information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use "cookie" technology. (In the future, a cookie could store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting the site.) As we adopt additional technology, we may adopt other means of gathering information.Cookies are used on this site as a tool for implemeting the quote cart functionality and could be used in the future to preserve user preferences.In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the site (or may require you to re-enter various identifiers and values). Additionally, we may not be able to customize the site's features according to your preferences.Possible Other UsesPersonal identifying information collected by this site may be used for other purposes, including, but not limited to, site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our web hosting service, for example) may access such information.Contacting UsK&L Microwave, Inc.2250 Northwood DriveSalisbury, Maryland 21801Email: sales@klmicrowave.comChanges to this PolicyK&L Microwave reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.Governing LawThis policy and the use of this site are governed by Maryland law. Any claim related to the site or this policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Baltimore, Maryland, within one year after the claim arises. You agree no such claim may be brought as a class action. Users of www.klmicrowave.com consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such court as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this policy. The site www.klmicrowave.com is controlled, operated, and administered entirely within the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please note the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. You hereby consent to this transfer.In the event of any conflict between the terms of this policy and the terms of any electronic or machine readable privacy policy (for example, a P3P electronic privacy policy), the terms of this written policy shall control.