http://www.dubickfixture.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
DUBICK FIXTURE PRIVACY POLICY
You are a valued customer at http://www.dubickfixture.com, Dubick Fixture & Supply, Inc. takes online privacy and security concerns very seriously. To enhance your shopping experience with us, we will need to collect and use some information from you when you use our site. This Privacy Policy explains how we use and do not use this information and the steps we take to protect it. We encourage you to review this page periodically to be informed of how we are protecting your information. By visiting http://www.dubickfixture.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use:Dubick Fixture is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Dubick Fixture collects information from our users at several different areas on our website.
Registration:Dubick Fixture allows customers that use this website to create an account registration that requires the completion of our registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information, such as but not limited to:NameEmail addressBilling and shipping addressTelephone numberPayment informationThis information is used to add a personalized experience to this website and to offer our customers ease of use during the order process. All information pertaining to our customers is stored in a secure database. All contact information may be changed at anytime via our customer account interface. On occasion we may contact our users about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Cookies:A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies must be enabled on your browser to enable online shopping with Dubick Fixture & Supply, Inc. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files:Dubick Fixture use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing:We use an outside shipping company to ship orders and a credit card processing company to bill users for purchased goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.We may partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Site/Data Analytics:We use Google Analytics to help us gather and analyze information about our customers. Google Analytics only role is to help us conduct our business and deliver the most relevant products and services. To view Google Analytics privacy policy please click here.
Outside Links:For your convenience, Dubick Fixture may direct you to other outside sites with which we associate with or are outside our service. Please be aware that we at Dubick Fixture & Supply, Inc. are not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Website.
Email Newsletters:If a user wishes to subscribe to our email newsletters, we ask for contact information such as your email address. Dubick Fixture gives all subscribers the authority to add or remove themselves from our mailing list at any time via your account profile.
Security:Dubick Fixture's website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, this information is protected both online and off-line.When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive and private information (such as credit card number and/or phone number), that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software, 256 bit-SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption. This technology creates a secure, encrypted connection between our server and your computer using a unique "session key" which only these two computers can decrypt during the session.While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected interfaces to gain access to your information. Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a series of security authentication mechanisms.If you have any questions about the security on our website, you can send an email to info@dubickfixture.com
Correcting/Updating Personal Information:If a users personally identifiable information changes (such as your billing address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will provide a way to correct, update or remove that users personal data provided to us. This can usually be done at the member information page or by contacting Customer Service.
Notification of Changes:If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.