http://www.camelbak.com/en/customer-service/help-center/online-shopping/shipping
When will my order ship?
Your order will generally process and ship within 2-4 days, and you’ll receive an email once it’s on its way. If you place an order late in the day on Friday, it might not ship until Monday. Before you check out, you’ll see several shipment methods with estimated transit times. Times vary based on the shipment method you select and where you live.
Note: Custom orders require special processing and may take up to 3 weeks to receive. If you order both custom and non-custom items in a single order, they will ship separately (at no additional cost to you).
Will my order arrive in time for Christmas?
We are working to ensure all orders (excluding custom) placed on or before 12/14 will be shipped to arrive in time for the Christmas holiday.* The deadline for custom order to ship in time for Christmas has now passed.
*Note: CamelBak is not responsible for delays caused by COVID-19, weather conditions, and third-party shipping errors.
What is the status of my order?
Once you’ve placed an order, you can check on its status at any time. Simply log into your CamelBak.com account and view your order history. Once an order has shipped, you’ll receive a shipment confirmation email that will contain your FedEx tracking information.
If I send a package to someone other than myself, will the recipient see the invoice?
The packing slips provided with every shipment do not contain pricing information. They will only confirm the items included in the package.
Do you ship outside of the United States?
Unfortunately, we are not offering shipping outside of the United States and its territories. Please visit our Where to Buy or International Distributors pages to locate a retailer nearest you. All PO Box and APO/FPO shipping addresses with be sent USPS regardless of the FedEx service you purchase.
Do you ship to post office boxes or APO/FPO addresses?
Yes, we will ship to post office boxes and APO/FPO addresses. To do so, we may have to use an alternate carrier which can increase the delivery time of your order.
During Checkout, simply select between AA Military, AE Military and AP Military in the State drop down list. Enter the City as either APO, FPO or DPO depending on your recipient's true shipping address. To place an order, your billing address must be within the United States.
What are your shipping fees?
We are proud to offer Free Ground Shipping on all non-custom orders of $25 or more.  For orders shipping to a PO/APO/FPO address, please select ground shipping. These orders will be shipped via USPS and are not eligible for expedited shipping.
Please Note: Orders placed after 11:59am PST on Friday and orders placed over the weekend (Saturday and Sunday) will not be processed until the following Monday.
*Due to COVID-19 safety precautions in our warehouse and carrier shipping delays, orders can sometimes take 7-10 days to receive.
Shipping Fees
For all orders up to $25, we charge a flat rate ground shipping fee of $9. For orders over $25, we offer free ground shipping.*
*Note: Order subtotal must be $25 or more after discounts and before taxes.