https://www.constablevat.com/terms-conditions/
View By ServiceVAT PlanningStrategically organise your business or charity to reduce your VAT liabilities.View ServiceVAT ReviewsHelp ensure compliance with an overall review of your VAT procedures.View ServiceDispute Prevention and ResolutionDisagreement with HMRC? Constable VAT can assist in putting your best case forward.View ServiceNon-Statutory ClearancesIf the law is unclear in how it applies to your situation, a non-statutory clearance can provide certainty.View ServiceVAT Risk ManagementIdentify any VAT risks to your business and take steps as early as possible to avoid them.View ServiceIn House VAT SupportNeed a new VAT person? Constable VAT can assist whilst you search and even help assess new candidates for you.View ServiceStaff VAT TrainingFrom the basics to the finer points, Constable VAT can tailor the right training for you and your team.View ServiceBrexit VAT PlanningAny questions about Brexit and the potential impact on your business?View ServiceView By SectorLand & PropertyEnsure that transactions involving land and buildings are treated correctly for VAT.View SectorDIY House Builder VAT ClaimsBuilding your dream home? Find out how to recover the VAT on costs.View SectorVAT & CharitiesIt can often be difficult to decide if an activity is business or non-business, particularly in the case of a charity. Constable VAT has sector specialists to assist charities.View SectorVAT, Insurance & FinanceThe insurance sector presents complex and unique VAT issues, especially around the recovery of input tax. Constable VAT has a lot of experience in this area of the law and can help to maximise input tax recovery.View SectorVAT & International ServicesMaking supplies overseas? Make sure that you are accounting for VAT properly on international transactions.View SectorAccountants & SolicitorsDoes your client have a complex VAT issue? Seek certainty from Constable VAT.View SectorYachtsYacht owners face many VAT issues when moving around the EU as they encounter the regimes of multiple Member States…View SectorAbout Our FirmAbout Constable VATConstable VAT is one of the largest independent specialist VAT firms in the UKView About UsEngaging Constable VATInterested in instructing Constable VAT to act for your business? Check the process…View Engaging Constable VATOur TeamTake a look at the members of the team at Constable VAT, see our credentials and our faces!View Our TeamCareersInterested in working with Constable VAT? Check out our current opportunitiesView CareersTestimonialsWe aim to provide a high level of service. You can leave feedback or read testimonials from our clients here.See Our TestimonialsCovid-19 VAT UpdatesMaking Tax Digital & VATBrexit & VATView By ServiceVAT PlanningVAT ReviewsDispute Prevention and ResolutionNon-Statutory ClearancesVAT Risk ManagementIn House VAT SupportStaff VAT TrainingBrexit VAT PlanningView By SectorLand & PropertyDIY House Builder VAT ClaimsVAT & CharitiesVAT, Insurance & FinanceVAT & International ServicesAccountants & SolicitorsYachtsAbout Our FirmAbout UsEngaging Our ServicesOur TeamCareersFAQ’sCovid-19 VAT UpdatesMaking Tax Digital & VATBrexit & VATDCase StudiesNewsContactSpeak To A Tax ExpertLT
Our CompanyTerms & conditionsPrivacyCookiesDisclaimerAdvice and money saving tips for your businessNews articles written by industry experts to help solve your VAT issues.Read Our NewsTerms & conditionsOur services are provided under the following terms, which form part of our engagement documents. Applicable Law Our engagement letter, the schedule of services and our standard terms and conditions of business are governed by, and should be construed in accordance with English law. Each party agrees that the courts of England will have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to any claim, dispute or difference concerning this engagement letter and any matter arising from it. Each party irrevocably waives any right to object to any action being brought in those Courts, to claim that the action has been brought in an inappropriate forum, or to claim that those Courts do not have jurisdiction. Client identification As with other professional services firms, we are required to identify our clients for the purposes of the UK anti-money laundering legislation. We may request from you, and retain, such information and documentation as we require for these purposes and/or make searches of appropriate databases. Complaints We are committed to providing you with a high quality service that is both efficient and effective. However, should there be any cause for complaint in relation to any aspect of our service please contact a Constable VAT partner. We agree to look into any complaint carefully and promptly and do everything reasonable to put it right.   ConfidentialityCommunication between us is confidential and we shall take all reasonable steps to keep confidential your information except where we are required to disclose it by law, by regulatory bodies, by our insurers or as part of an external peer review. Unless we are authorised by you to disclose information on your behalf this undertaking will apply during and after this engagement.   All personal data will be subject to our Privacy Policy as set out in Appendix 3 to our engagement letter.We may, on occasions, identify a benefit in subcontracting work on your affairs to other tax or accounting professionals with a particular area of expertise. This will only occur with your explicit agreement where it will involve the provision of any personal data or information that is confidential after ensuring that you are content with any undertakings of safeguards required as regards confidentiality and the handling of personal data. Conflicts of interest We will inform you if we become aware of any conflict of interest in our relationship with you or in our relationship with you and another client. Where conflicts are identified which cannot be managed in a way that protects your interests then we regret that we will be unable to provide further services.If there is a conflict of interest that is capable of being addressed successfully by the adoption of suitable safeguards to protect your interests then we will adopt those safeguards. Where possible this will be done on the basis of your informed consent. We reserve the right to act for other clients whose interests are not the same as or are adverse to yours subject of course to the obligations of confidentiality referred to above. Data Protection We confirm that we will comply with the provisions of the Data Protection Act 2018 and the General Data Protection Regulation when processing personal data about any individual. In order to carry out the services of this engagement and for related purposes such as updating and enhancing our client records, analysis for management purposes and statutory returns, legal and regulatory compliance and crime prevention we may obtain, process, use and disclose personal data about you.   Data will only be obtained for the purposes identified in our Client Privacy Notice (Appendix 3 to our engagement letter).   Our Client Privacy Notice explains how we will use and manage any personal data and, in signing and returning this document you are giving consent. It is therefore important that you consider it carefully before giving this consent. . Disengagement Should we resign or be requested to resign we will normally issue a disengagement letter to ensure that our respective responsibilities are clear.Should we have no contact with you for a period of 12 months or more we may issue to your last known address a disengagement letter and hence cease to act. Electronic and other communication Unless you instruct us otherwise we may, where appropriate, communicate with you and with third parties via email or by other electronic means. The recipient is responsible for virus checking emails and any attachments.With electronic communication there is a risk of non-receipt, delayed receipt, inadvertent misdirection or interception by third parties. To minimise risk we will send encrypted emails. In any case in which we are asked to send unencrypted emails this will be based on an express indication that you are aware of and accept the increased data security risk.The email encryption system we use allows access via a portal that will only hold the email and any attachments for a limited period of time. If you need to retain any such data for an extended period it will be necessary to down load that documentation to your own computer system.We will be pleased to adopt any other secure means of communication requested by you including the use of password protected emails and “drop boxes”. However, where this requires the purchase and installation of additional software we may need to recover these costs as an agreed addition to our standard fee.We use virus-scanning software to reduce the risk of viruses and similar damaging items being transmitted through emails or electronic storage devices. However electronic communication is not totally secure and we cannot be held responsible for damage or loss caused by viruses nor for communications which are corrupted or altered after despatch. Nor can we accept any liability for problems or accidental errors relating to this means of communication especially in relation to commercially sensitive material. These are risks you must bear in return for greater efficiency and lower costs. If you do not wish to accept these risks please let us know and we will communicate by paper mail, other than where electronic submission is mandatory.Any communication by us with you sent through the post system is deemed to arrive at your postal address two working days after the day that the document was sent. Fees and payment terms Our fees may depend not only upon the time spent on your affairs but also on the level of skill and responsibility and the importance and value of the advice that we provide, as well as the level of risk.If we provide you with an estimate of our fees for any specific work, then the estimate will not be contractually binding unless we explicitly state that that will be the case.Our billing rates will be stated in our engagement letter. However, our rates are subject to periodic review and may be varied. Except in relation to variations that do not cause an overall increase in fees, it is our practice to notify and agree any variation in billing rates before they are applied.Where requested we may indicate a fixed fee for the provision of specific services or an indicative range of fees for a particular assignment. It is not our practice to identify fixed fees for more than a year ahead as such fee quotes need to be reviewed in the light of events. If it becomes apparent to us, due to unforeseen circumstances, that a fee quote is inadequate, we reserve the right to notify you of a revised figure or range and to seek your agreement thereto.In some cases, you may be entitled to assistance with your professional fees, particularly in relation to any investigation into your tax affairs by HMRC. Assistance may be provided through insurance policies you hold or via membership of a professional or trade body. Other than where such insurance was arranged through us you will need to advise us of any such insurance cover that you have. You will remain liable for our fees regardless of whether all or part are liable to be paid by your insurers.Ordinarily we will bill monthly and our invoices are due for payment within 30 days of issue. Our fees are exclusive of VAT which will be added where it is chargeable. Any disbursements we incur on your behalf and expenses incurred in the course of carrying out our work for you will be added to our invoices where appropriate.Unless otherwise agreed to the contrary our fees do not include the costs of any third party, counsel or other professional fees.We reserve the right to charge interest on late paid invoices at the rate of 3% above bank base rates under the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998. We also reserve the right to suspend our services or to cease to act for you on giving written notice if payment of any fees is unduly delayed. We intend to exercise these rights only where it is fair and reasonable to do so.If you do not accept that an invoiced fee is fair and reasonable you must notify us within 21 days of receipt, failing which you will be deemed to have accepted that payment is due. Implementation We will only assist with implementation of our advice if specifically instructed and agreed in writing. Intellectual property rights We will retain all copyright in any document prepared by us during the course of carrying out the engagement save where the law specifically provides otherwise. Interpretation If any provision of this engagement letter or enclosed schedules is held to be void, then that provision will be deemed not to form part of this contract.In the event of any conflict between these terms of business and the engagement letter or appendices, the relevant provision in the engagement letter or schedules will take precedence. Internal disputes within a client If we become aware of a dispute between the parties who own or are in some way involved in the ownership and management of the business, it should be noted that our client is the business and we would not provide information or services to one party without the express knowledge and permission of all parties. Unless otherwise agreed by all parties we will continue to supply information to the normal place of business for the attention of the directors or proprietors. If conflicting advice, information or instructions are received from different directors or principals in the business we will refer the matter back to the board of directors or the partnership and take no further action until the board or partnership has agreed the action to be taken. Lien Insofar as we are permitted to so by law or professional guidelines, we reserve the right to exercise a lien over all funds, documents and records in our possession relating to all engagements for you until all outstanding fees and disbursements are paid in full. Limitation of liability We will provide our services with reasonable care and skill. Our liability to you is limited to losses, damages, costs and expenses caused by our negligence or wilful default.Exclusion of liability for loss caused by others and consequential lossesWe will not be liable if such losses, penalties, surcharges, interest or additional tax liabilities are due to the acts or omissions of any other person or due to the provision to us of incomplete, misleading or false information or if they are due to a failure to act on our advice or a failure to provide us with relevant information. Under no circumstances whatever shall we be liable, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, for any loss of profit, or any indirect or consequential loss arising under or in connection with any engagement.Exclusion of liability in relation to circumstances beyond our control We will not be liable to you for any delay or failure to perform our obligations under this engagement letter if the delay or failure is caused by circumstances outside our reasonable control.Exclusion of liability relating to the discovery of fraud etc We will not be responsible or liable for any loss, damage or expense incurred or sustained if information material to the service we are providing is withheld or concealed from us or misrepresented to us. This applies equally to fraudulent acts, misrepresentation or wilful default on the part of any party to the transaction and their directors, officers, employees, agents or advisers.This exclusion shall not apply where such misrepresentation, withholding or concealment is or should (in carrying out the procedures which we have agreed to perform with reasonable care and skill) have been evident to us without further enquiry.Indemnity for unauthorised disclosureYou agree to indemnify us and our agents in respect of any claim (including any claim for negligence) arising out of any unauthorised disclosure by you or by any person for whom you are responsible of our advice and opinions, whether in writing or otherwise. This indemnity will extend to the cost of defending any such claim, including payment at our usual rates for the time that we spend in defending it.Limitation of aggregate liability Where the engagement Letter specifies an aggregate limit of liability, then that sum shall be the maximum aggregate liability of this firm, its partners agents and employees to all persons to whom the engagement letter is addressed and also any other person that we have agreed with you may rely on our work. By signing the engagement letter you agree that you have given proper consideration to this limit and accept that it is reasonable in all the circumstances. If you do not wish to accept it you should contact us to discuss it before signing the engagement letter. Limitation of Third Party rights The advice and information we provide to you as part of our service is for your sole use and not for any third party to whom you may communicate it unless we have expressly agreed in the engagement letter that a specified third party may rely on our work. We accept no responsibility to third parties, including any group company to whom the engagement letter is not addressed, for any advice, information or material produced as part of our work for you which you make available to them. A party to this agreement is the only person who has the right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any of its terms. Period of engagement and termination Unless otherwise agreed in the engagement covering letter our work will begin when we receive your implicit or explicit acceptance of that letter. Except as stated in that letter we will not be responsible for periods before that date.Each of us may terminate this agreement by giving not less than 21 days notice in writing to the other party except where you fail to cooperate with us or we have reason to believe that you have provided us or HMRC with misleading information, in which case we may terminate this agreement immediately. Termination will be without prejudice to any rights that may have accrued to either of us prior to termination.In the event of termination of this contract, we will endeavour to agree with you the arrangements for the completion of work in progress at that time, unless we are required for legal or regulatory reasons to cease work immediately. In that event, we shall not be required to carry out further work and shall not be responsible or liable for any consequences arising from termination.Constable VAT is a limited liability partnership. In the event that Constable VAT transfers its business to a partnership or a company or any other entity (a new “New Entity”), the contract between us, which incorporates these terms and conditions, will transfer to the New Entity and you agree that the performance by the New Entity of the contract will be in lieu of performance by Constable VAT. Professional rules and statutory obligations We will observe and act in accordance with the bye-laws, regulations and ethical guidelines of the Chartered Institute of Taxation and will accept instructions to act for you on this basis. In particular you give us the authority to correct errors made by HMRC where we become aware of them. We will not be liable for any loss, damage or cost arising from our compliance with statutory or regulatory obligations. Reliance on advice We will endeavour to record all advice on important matters in writing. Advice given orally is not intended to be relied upon unless confirmed in writing. Therefore, if we provide oral advice (for example during the course of a meeting or a telephone conversation) and you wish to be able to rely on that advice, you must ask for the advice to be confirmed by us in writing.20. Retention of documentsYou have a legal responsibility to retain documents and records relevant to your tax affairs. During the course of our work we may collect information from you and others relevant to your tax affairs. We will return any original documents to you if requested. Documents and records relevant to your VAT affairs are required by law to be retained for 6 years from the end of the accounting period.Constable VAT Consultancy LLP may at its discretion elect to store client documentation electronically and in that situation paper files will not be maintained.Where original documents are received from HMRC in relation to your tax affairs these will be scanned to our system and an electronic copy will be forwarded to you for retention.If you provide original documents to us at any time these will be scanned on to our electronic system and returned to you, destroyed or be forwarded to HMRC (or another party) on your directions. It is important that you notify us in advance if you need us to depart from this agreed procedure in relation to handling any documents that you provide to us or which we receive from HMRC.Whilst certain documents may legally belong to you we may at our discretion destroy correspondence and other papers that we store, electronically or otherwise, which are more than 7 years old. You must tell us if you require the return or retention of any specific documents for a longer period.Speak to our team of VAT experts Enquire Today