http://www.golfworkshop.co.uk/terms
£
Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
07533 247 909
My Account
Register
Login
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Batteries
Lithium Batteries (13)
Standard Batteries (9)
Battery Chargers (9)
Battery Leads, Caps & Straps (14)
Golf Trolleys
Golf Trolley Accessories
Spares & Parts for Powakaddy
Axles (6)
Cables & Plugs (8)
Clutches (3)
Controllers (8)
Frame Parts (25)
Gearboxes & Motors (11)
Motor Brushes (5)
Remote Control Parts (11)
Straps (4)
Sundries & Fixings (15)
Switches & Encoders (14)
Wheels & Tyres (28)
Spares & Parts for Hill Billy
Axles (2)
Cables & Plugs (2)
Controllers (3)
Frame Parts (6)
Gearboxes & Motors (2)
Hill Billy Terrain Parts (15)
Motor Brushes (3)
Straps (4)
Sundries & Fixings (9)
Switches & Encoders (5)
Wheels & Clutches (12)
Spares & Parts for Other Trolleys
Caps & Straps (4)
E-Caddy Spares (3)
Golf Glider Spares (0)
Golf Motion Spares (0)
Hedgehog Wheels (2)
Motocaddy (3)
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service - TERMS AND CONDITIONS (the small print) We aim to turn round orders and despatch within 1 - 2 working days 1. Cancelling An Order: Under the UK's Distance Selling Regulations you have the right to cancel the contract for the purchase of any goods within a period of seven working days, beginning with the day after the day on which the goods are delivered. If you wish to cancel an order, please contact us as soon as possible on 07533 247 909 with your order information to hand. As long as your order has not been dispatched we will cancel it immediately and any monies debited will be credited in full. If your order has already been shipped then you will need to return the goods to us (see instructions below) at your own cost within seven working days of the date that the item was delivered to you. On receipt of the goods (in unused and saleable condition) we will refund the total of the goods back to your card or Paypal. Postage and insurance are not refundable. 2. Returns  We aim to provide a selection of golf items over the Internet. Occasionally though, you may want to return items to us. For your peace of mind we offer these terms in respect of returns and refunds for our products. What to do if you are unhappy with your goods: If you are unhappy with any stock product you may return it - unused, unopened, and in its original packaging (where applicable) - within seven days for a full refund. This amount excludes all delivery costs. Please note that we are unable to issue refunds for items that show evidence of having been used unless they are faulty If you send an item back for an exchange, we will charge you for shipping the replacement item back to you. Return shipping costs can only be refunded where we have sent the wrong goods in error.If you wish us to collect the goods a £10 collection fee will be made, should the goods not be available when the carrier calls the fee is still payable and also £10 for each and any further collection calls.If a non-stock item is ordered specially for you then we are unable to offer a refund for any such item if you have specified the wrong item code. What to do if you have received faulty goods:  All products are backed by a 12 month manufacturer's guarantee from the date of purchase. This is underwritten by the manufacturer. If the goods are damaged upon receipt please e-mail sales@golfworkshop.co.uk or call 07533 247 909 within seven days of delivery. We aim to replace any defective items with replacements, if this is not possible we shall issue a refund. Exchanged items will only be sent after we have received the defective item back from you in its original packaging. All other products within the 12 month manufacturer’s guarantee should be sent back to the address below. Following inspection, we will, at our discretion, either repair, replace, or return the item to you. The item will be returned, at your cost, if we feel there is no manufacturing fault. Returns Instructions: For all returning goods please include a cover note, explaining what action you would like us to take, as well as your name, address, order number, and original proof of purchase. Make sure that the goods are packaged safely and securely, using the original packaging if possible, and that you use a signed service with adequate insurance to cover the cost of the items to be returned. Please note that responsibility for any product returned remains with you until such time as we receive it and a member of our staff has signed for receipt of the goods. If you send a product back for an exchange, you will be charged for shipping the new product back to you. Returns Address: Items purchased from this web site must be returned to: The Golf Workshop, 78 Bekesbourne Lane, Littlebourne, Canterbury, Kent, CT3 1UZWE CANNOT GUARANTEE RECEIPT OF YOUR RETURNED ITEM UNLESS WE SIGN FOR THE PACKET, therefor you are advised to obtain proof of posting or send Recorded so that you may claim from the Post Office for non delivery. 3. INCORRECT DELIVERY ADDRESS: We aim to deliver to the correct address but if we are given an incorrect address, usually you have not updated your Paypal details, and have to re-deliver the goods we reserve the right to pass any extra carrier charges on. Disclaimer: This website is maintained with care. The Golf Workshop takes great effort in keeping this website as accessible, complete and up-to-date as possible. However situations may occur in which the information on this website is partially incomplete or incorrect therefore no rights can be derived from this website. If you have any questions or remarks about this site you can send us an email. Pricing & Specification Changes: Prices & specifications subject to change without notification. All images are representative and all weights and dimensions are approximate. Privacy: The Golf Workshop respects your privacy. Information gathered from your visits will never be released to any third party without your permission.