http://www.td.com/us/en/personal-banking/privacy/california/
Close Menu
TD: Personal
PersonalSelected
Small Business
Commercial
Investing & Wealth
Home
Checking
Savings
CDs
Credit Cards
Home Equity Loans & Lines
Mortgage
Personal Loans
IRAs
Debit Cards
Prepaid Cards
Special Offers
Services
Online Banking
Student Banking
Cross Border
Travel Tips
Foreign Exchange Services
Overdraft Services
New to TD Checking
Unexpectedly Human
Learning
Find Us
Help
Country: US
Canada
USSelected
Log In
Close
Log in to your other accounts
Banking and Investing
Online Banking
EasyWeb
TD Ameritrade
TD Wealth
TD Private Client Wealth
Cards
Credit Card
Gift Card
TD Go Card
TD Connect Card
TD Commercial Plus Card
Other
TD eTreasury
TDFX
TD Bank Trade
Asset Based Lending
TD Digital Express
MyDocuments
Notice at Collection
We collect certain categories of personal information when you visit our site, and we use that information for business and commercial purposes. Please refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act tab below to view the categories of personal information we may collect and the purposes for which it may be used. For more information, about our online practices, view our Online Privacy Code.If you wish to have TD not sell your personal information to a third party, please click: Do Not Sell My Personal Information.You may have other rights in addition to the right to opt out of the sale of personal information. Please scroll down to view the California Consumer Privacy Act tab for an explanation of those rights.
Tabs Menu: to navigate this menu, use the left & right arrow keys to change tabs. Press tab to go into the content. Shift-tab to return to the tabs.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Make a PrivacyRequest
Download
Print
California Consumer Privacy Act Policy
Financial institutions collect personal information necessary to offer and provide financial products and services, as well as permitted by federal, state, and local law. TD collects personal information to use it for various business purposes, including but not limited to:
Operational Purposes. Includes offering and providing financial products and services, processing and fulfilling payments and other transactions, and to service existing or prospective accounts, products and service offerings.
Security and Fraud Detection. Includes verifying consumer's identities; detecting security incidents; protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity; and supporting prosecution of such activity.
Marketing and Data Analytics. This includes advertising and marketing initiatives and services, data analytics and quality assurance reviews.
Internet and Web Interaction. Please see our Online Privacy Code for a detailed explanation on the data collected when you interact with one of our targeted ads or view any of our electronic communications.
Legal and Regulatory Obligations. Includes collection, disclosure, and storage of data necessary to comply with statutory or regulatory requirements.
Employment Purposes. Includes collection, disclosure, and storage of personal information necessary for job application and recruitment processes, employment, termination, and benefits related activities. Please refer to our Talent Acquisition Privacy Statement.
Other notified purposes. For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
The categories of personal information that TD may collect include:
Personally Identifiable Information. This includes, but is not limited to, personal identifiers such as name, alias, address, social security number, passport number, e-mail address, Internet Protocol address and other online identifiers, and other similar identifiers.
Personal Information Covered Under California's Customer Records Law. This can include data that is also covered under other categories. Personal information in this category can include data from consumer reports, personal financial statements, or any other financial, medical, or health insurance information. Other examples include driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number.
Protected Class Characteristics. Includes information about race, color, religion or creed, national origin, sex, age, disability, veteran status, genetic information, citizenship status.
Commercial Information. Includes records of real or personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered and other consuming histories and tendencies.
Biometric Information. Biometric data that can be used to establish identity; includes voice, finger, eye and facial prints.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information. Includes browsing and search history, and interactions with websites, advertisements, and applications.
Geolocation Data.
Audio, Electronic, Visual, or Similar Information.
Professional or Employment Information.
Education Information.
Inferences. Insights that we use to build a profile about you; includes profiles, preferences, and behaviors drawn from collection and analytics of any of the other categories of personal information collected.
The sources from which TD collects this personal information include but are not limited to:
The consumer or their authorized parties or agents. Authorized parties or agents includes, but is not limited to, parties such as attorneys, guardians, and those with powers of attorney.
Affiliates.
Service providers.
Government agencies.
Credit reporting agencies, such as Experian, Equifax, and TransUnion.
Our websites and mobile apps, or any time you visit, use, or interact with any of the features or services available on our mobile or online applications.
Data analytics providers, including consumer data resellers.
The business or commercial purposes for which TD may disclose your personal information include, but are not limited to:
For all of the stated purposes above for which TD may collect personal information.
Auditing Purposes. Related to our interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with those specifications and other standards.
Debugging/Repair Activity. Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair, or may impair, existing system and application functionality.
Short-term transient use for our purposes.
For services performed on our behalf by a service provider performing services on behalf of a business for which TD is a service provider. Includes, but is not limited to, maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, advertising, marketing, or analytic services, or providing such similar services on behalf of a business or service provider.
The categories of third parties with whom TD may share personal information, and the categories of personal information that may be shared with such third parties include, but are not limited to:
The consumer or their authorized agents or parties:
Personal information categories include: Personally identifiable information, Customer records law, protected class characteristics, commercial information.
Affiliates and subsidiaries:
All categories of personal information.
Internet service providers:
Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, electronic information
Advertising networks:
Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation, personally identifiable information, customer records law, commercial information, inferences.
Data analytics providers:
Personally identifiable information.
Service providers, which include nonaffiliated entities providing operating systems, platforms and other services to support day-to-day operations:
All categories of personal information.
Government, regulatory, or legal authorities:
Any categories of personal information can be disclosed if subject to legal process or proceedings
TD has not sold personal information in the preceding 12 months. TD does not sell personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Under CCPA, a "sale" means the disclosure of personal information to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. Although the CCPA does not require businesses that do not sell information to provide the option to opt out, we are providing opportunity for consumers to exercise such a right if future business practices are considered to be a sale under the CCPA's broad definition. If you would like to opt out of the sale of your personal information, you can submit an opt-out request by clicking: Do not sell my personal information.Personal information does not include publicly available information made available from federal, state, or local records.**Affiliates of TD Bank include TD Auto Finance LLC, TD Bank USA N.A., TD Private Client Wealth, LLC, TD Wealth Management Services.
Your CCPA Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents rights regarding the collection and use of their personal information, subject to certain exceptions. An authorized party may submit requests on your behalf. An authorized agent is a natural person, or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California, that you have authorized to act on your behalf.Generally, California residents have the following rights:
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold. To request a disclosure of the personal information that has been collected; the categories of sources from which the information was collected; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information; the categories of third parties with which the personal information may be shared; and access to the specific personal information in a portable format.
Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information. To request that a business delete any of the consumer’s personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided under the CCPA.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information. As stated above, TD does not sell personal information. Although the CCPA does not require businesses that do not sell information to provide the option to opt out, we are providing the opportunity for consumers to exercise such a right if future business practices are considered to be a sale under the CCPA's broad definition. To opt out of the sale of personal information to third parties at any time please click: Do not sell my personal information or please call 1-888-751-90001-888-751-9000.
Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer's Privacy Rights. To not be denied a product or service, charged a different price or rate, or denied a discount or other benefit because the consumer exercised any of his/her rights under the CCPA.
To process your CCPA request(s), you will be asked to provide general information about yourself. TD will use this information to verify your identity. This will include basic contact information (street address, phone number, e-mail) and last four digits of Social Security Number, or Tax ID number and year of birth.
Make a request
Who does CCPA apply to?
CCPA applies to California residents only. For purposes of CCPA, a California resident is a person who is in California for a purpose that is not temporary or transitory or is domiciled in California but is outside of the state for a temporary or transitory purpose. The rights described above do not apply to residents of other U.S. states or persons who reside outside of the United States.
What doesn't the CCPA apply to?
There are certain activities, information, and circumstances involving the collection, use, processing, sale, or disclosure of personal information that are exempt or excluded from CCPA. CCPA exemptions and exclusions include, but are not limited to:Personal information collected or sold if every aspect of the commercial transaction takes place wholly outside of California.Deidentified or aggregate consumer information.GLBA: The CCPA does not apply to personal information collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and its implementing regulations (GLBA). GLBA is the federal law that regulates the collection, disclosure, and safeguarding of individuals' nonpublic personal information who obtain financial products or services primarily for personal, family, or household purposes from a financial institution. For example, if you are a California resident and you have a personal financial product with us, such as a personal credit card, the CCPA rights do not apply to the personal information associated with that account. There are other types of personal information that are not covered by the rights and limitations in the CCPA.Fair Credit Reporting Act: CCPA does not apply to any activity involving the collection, maintenance, disclosure, sale, communication, or use of any personal information bearing on an individual's credit worthiness, credit standing, credit capacity, character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living by a consumer reporting agency, user or furnisher of consumer reports as defined under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.
What can I expect if I exercise any of my rights?
Opt Out RequestYou will not receive a confirmation to a request to opt-out. Consistent with applicable law, we will opt you out of sales at your request.Request to KnowConsistent with applicable, law, you will receive a response to your verified request within 45 days of submission, unless we notify you prior to the end of those 45 days that the delivery date of the response will be extended by an additional 45 days. Along with the response to the verified request, you will receive a copy of certain information TD has collected on you during the 12 months immediately preceding the date of your verified request. This will include any information provided in your verified consumer request form. TD is not obligated to provide a response more than twice in a 12-month period; this period begins upon your first submission of the verified consumer request.Deletion RequestYou will receive a response to your verified request within 45 days of submission, unless we notify you prior to the end of those 45 days that the delivery date of the response will be extended by an additional 45 days. Consistent with applicable law, we will delete your personal information in response to your request.
Download
Print
Make a Privacy Request
Only California residents can make a request. A California resident is a person who is in California for a purpose that is not temporary or transitory, or is domiciled in California but is outside of the state for a temporary or transitory purpose. If you are not a resident of California, you can view our Online Privacy Code to learn more about our privacy practices.Here's what you can request:Access to a portable copy of your personal information and transparency about our processing of your personal informationTo delete your personal informationOpt-out of sales of your personal informationHere's what you'll need:Contact Information (street address, phone number, and e-mail)Last four digits of Social Security Number or tax ID Number and year of birthIf making a request through your online Account:TD username and password (TD Bank and TD Auto Finance customers with online banking)Why do you need to provide this information?To process your verified consumer request(s), TD requires certain information from you to verify your identity. TD will use this information only to verify your identity and will store the information for that purpose, even if TD has not collected or sold any of your personal information. If we cannot verify your identity, we are not obligated fulfill your request.
What you will receive
Request to Know
Consistent with applicable law, you will receive a portable copy of any personal information TD has collected on you during the 12 months immediately preceding your request. This will include any information provided in your CCPA request form. You may submit a request no more than two times in a 12-month period; this period begins upon your first submission of the request form.Request to Delete
Consistent with applicable law, we will delete your information upon request.Request to Opt-out
You will not receive a confirmation to a request to opt-out. TD will process you opt-out request following submission of your request form.
Online request
If you are a California resident you can make a request to access, delete, or opt-out of selling, your personal information through our online portal
Make a request
Phone request
If you are a California resident you can access a copy of, delete, or opt-out of selling, your personal information by calling us at the appropriate numbers below.
TD Bank Customers, including auto loans originated directly with TD Bank
1-888-751-90001-888-751-9000
TD Auto Finance Customers
1-800-556-81721-800-556-8172
Applied for an auto loan at a dealership within the past 12 months
1-800-556-81721-800-556-8172
TD Retail Card Services Customers
1-866-517-23201-866-517-2320
Non-customers
1-888-751-90001-888-751-9000
Access your report online
If you have requested online delivery of a report and maintain an account with TD Bank, you must be logged in to view the report.If you completed a request without logging in you will receive your report the way you specified, direct mail or secure e-mail, while completing the request form.
Contact Us
If you have questions about TD's California Consumer Privacy Act Policy or practices, please call 1-888-751-90001-888-751-9000.
back to top
Top
Site Index
My TD
Learning
Learning Overview
Finance 101
Security
Tax Resource Center
Products
Special Offers
Checking
Savings / MM / CD
IRAs
Credit Cards
PrePaid Cards
Home Lending
Personal Loans
Services
Online Banking
Student Services
Cross Border
Travel Tips
Overdraft Services