http://www.mbia.com/footer/privacy.html
MBIA Inc.
National Public Finance
Guarantee Corporation
MBIA Insurance
Corporation
Investor Relations
MBIA Privacy Policy
MBIA Inc., with our affiliates ("MBIA" or "we"), is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet.  Set forth below is the Privacy Policy
applicable to this website and MBIA's Client Connection Service (the "Site").  The Privacy Policy explains how we collect
information from you on the Site, what we do with this information and how you
can contact us regarding such information.
We believe it is important that you know how we treat the information
about you that we receive on the Site.
In addition to carefully reading the Privacy Policy,
please click here to read our Terms and Conditions of Use and the Acceptable
Use Policy, which explain how you may use the Site.
INFORMATION THAT WE
COLLECT.
Personally
identifiable information:  In order
to use certain features of the Site, we may request that you provide us with
personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail
address, phone number, fax number, client identification number, resume or
other personally identifiable information (“Personally Identifiable
Information”).  All information that you
provide through the Site is sent to and stored on servers located in the United States.
We may collect and we (including our affiliates) and our
business partners may use Personally Identifiable Information to respond to
your inquiry, email you content or alerts (including updates to the Site or to
the Online Terms or this Privacy Policy) or allow you to access specific
account information.  In addition, we may
use any Personally Identifiable Information submitted in response to our job
advertisements in our review process, which may include disclosure to
affiliates and third parties assisting us with our review.
We endeavor to use administrative, technical, personnel
and physical measures to safeguard personally identifiable information in our
possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or
modification.
Non-personally
identifiable information:  In
general, you can visit the Site without being asked to reveal any Personally
Identifiable Information. However, our web servers collect some information
that does not personally identify you.
For instance, we collect and log the Internet Protocol address of a
visitor’s computer (which is the address of your computer on the Internet), the
browser a visitor is using (e.g., Internet Explorer), the operating system
(e.g., Windows) and the domain names that you have visited before entering and
after leaving the Site.  This information
is aggregated to measure statistics about our visitors, such as the number of
visits to the Site, the average time spent on the Site and the pages viewed on
the Site.  We use this information to
monitor the use of and to improve the content of the Site.  Except in connection with certain permitted
disclosures to law enforcement (discussed below) and certain technical features
of the Site (e.g., maintaining session status), We do not combine such
information with Personally Identifiable Information and only uses such
information in the aggregate.
INFORMATION STORED
ON YOUR COMPUTER.
We may send text files (e.g., “cookies” or other cached
files) or images to your web browser to store information on your
computer.  Such text files and images are
used for technical convenience to store information on your computer.  For instance, we may use a session cookie to
store form information that you have entered so that you do not have to enter
such information again.  We may use
information stored in such text files and images to customize your experience
on the Site and to monitor use of the Site.
You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.  Many web browsers allow you to block cookies.
DISCLOSURE OF
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.
Disclosure to
Affiliates and Partners:  We may
share your Personally Identifiable Information with our affiliates and
partners, who provide services on our behalf.
By way of example, but not by limitation, our business partners may send
you email alerts or investor information if you have signed up to receive such
information.  We require our affiliates
and partners to maintain the confidentiality of your personally identifiable
information.  Any party to which we
provide Personally Identifiable Information will be advised to use it only in
accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted under applicable laws and
regulations.  Unless you have authorized
us to do so, as otherwise required to do so by law or as specified in this
Privacy Policy, we will neither display your Personally Identifiable
Information on the Site nor disclose your Personally Identifiable Information
to third parties other than affiliates or partners performing services on our
behalf.
Disclosure in
Connection with a Sale of MBIA:
Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to
transfer Personally Identifiable Information to a third party without your
permission in connection with a sale of stock, merger or consolidation or other
transfer of the assets of MBIA and/or of an affiliate or division, whether
voluntarily or by operation of law, to such third party, provided that such
third party agrees to protect the confidentiality of your Personally
Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Disclosure to Law
Enforcement:  Notwithstanding
anything in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose information about you,
including, but not limited to, Personally Identifiable Information, to law
enforcement or other governmental officials or agencies in response to a
subpoena, search warrant, or court order. We may also disclose your Personally
Identifiable Information or other information about you if we believe, in our
sole discretion, that such disclosure is appropriate in connection with an
official investigation or in response to a significant threat to a person's
health or property.  We may disclose
information about you to enforce the Terms and Conditions of Use and the
Acceptable Use Policy, to respond to claims of violations of third party rights
or to protect the rights of MBIA.  If it
is lawful to do so, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of any
request for disclosure of your information as soon as reasonably practicable
following receipt of such a request.
CORRECTIONS,
UPDATES AND REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION.
Upon receipt of your written request, we will provide you
with a copy of all Personally Identifiable Information that we have collected
from you on or through the Site.  By
written request to MBIA, you may correct any erroneous Personally Identifiable
Information or request that MBIA delete such Personally Identifiable
Information.  Please send all such
requests to:
MBIA INC.
1 MANHATTANVILLE ROAD, SUITE 301
PURCHASE, NY 10577
OR
Info@mbia.com
MBIA reserves the right to confirm your identity before
releasing any such Personally Identifiable Information to you. If you request
email alerts, investor information or other information and provide your email
address to us, we may from time to time send you such information.  If you do not wish to receive such emails,
you may opt out of receiving such emails by writing to:
MBIA INC.
1 MANHATTANVILLE ROAD, SUITE 301
PURCHASE, NY 10577
OR
Info@mbia.com
From time to time, MBIA may also send information related to updates to the Site, the Terms and Conditions of Use, the Acceptable Use Policy or this Privacy Policy.
THIRD-PARTY SITES.
The Site may contain links to websites operated by
unaffiliated third parties.  MBIA is not
responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other
sites.  Please read the terms and
conditions of use and privacy policy of the destination website.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS – YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
If you are a California
resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third
party company(ies) to whom we may have disclosed, within the past year,
personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company’s
direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the categories of personal
information disclosed.  To obtain such
information, please send a written request to:
MBIA INC.
1 MANHATTANVILLE ROAD, SUITE 301
PURCHASE, NY 10577
OR
Info@mbia.com
CONTACT US.
If you have specific questions about our Privacy Policy,
the Terms and Conditions of Use or the Acceptable Use Policy, please contact
the MBIA IT Security Officer at: 1 Manhattanville Road, Suite 301, Purchase, NY 10577 or at Info@mbia.com.
Back to top
Contact Us
•
Employees
•
MZ Funding
•
Partners
•
Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
•
Privacy Policy
•
Copyright ©
MBIA INC.