http://www.supremo.be/en/conditions-use
Skip to main content
We respect your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors.
Conditions of use
Introduction
This website is operated by nv Supremo sa and is intended for information purposes only. Please read these terms and conditions of use ("conditions of use") carefully and by accessing this website you agree to be bound by them. If you do not agree to be bound by these conditions of use you should not access or view this website. Supremo also reserves the right in its sole and unfettered discretion to deny you access to the website at any time. These conditions of use are accessible from every page of this website www.supremo.be.
The terms “Supremo”, “we”, “us” and “our” are used to refer to Supremo NV.
The term “the Group” is used to refer to the group of companies constituting Supremos direct and indirect subsidiaries worldwide together with its parent company.
Any enquiries or complaints you may have in relation to this website should be made either by using the contact form here below or by addressing them to Legal Department, ECOM Agrotrade Limited, 55 Old Broad Street, London, EC2M 1RX, U.K.
Contact Us
Visiting our website
By using the website, you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older and possess the legal right and ability to enter into these conditions and to use the website in accordance with these conditions. Additionally, by using this website, you acknowledge and agree that internet transmissions are never completely private or secure and may be read or intercepted by others
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors. Users have certain rights in relation to personally identifiable information which we hold. If you would like to exercise any rights you may have in relation to personally identifiable information that we may hold about you please use facility on this website.
When you provide us with your information, you acknowledge that this information may be stored and processed on servers located anywhere in the world, including either inside or outside of the USA or the European Economic Area.
Information collected and its use
When you visit our website and submit an enquiry we may ask you for information about yourself, including your name, email address and other information in order be able to provide you with a reply to your query.
In addition to the information you provide, we may also collect information about you and your use of our website through the use of automatic data collection tools (Google Analytics) as outlined in our ‘Cookie Policy’. We use the information for statistical reporting and performance enhancements. We do not link data to any named individuals.
We only keep your information for as long as is necessary and then information is deleted.
How is your information shared?
Supremo does not share your personal information for marketing or promotional purposes.
Supremo may share your personal information in the following ways:
From time to time your personal information may be transferred amongst Group entities or to third party agents, representatives or suppliers of Supremo for the purposes of system maintenance and support.
Supremo may be required to disclose your personal information to: (i) respond to duly authorised information requests from the police and governmental authorities; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (iii) help prevent fraud or to enforce or protect the rights and properties of Supremo or its Group; or (iv) protect the personal safety of Supremo (or its Group) employees, third party agents or members of the public.
Circumstances may arise where Supremo decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganise businesses. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of your personal information to prospective or actual buyers (or receive it from sellers). It is Supremo’s practice to seek appropriate protection for personal information transferred in these types of transactions.
Is your information transferred?
Personal information that we collect through this website may be transferred across international borders for further processing, storage or use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Transfers may occur between members of the Group including their affiliates, third party agents, representatives, customers and suppliers.  Please do not send us your information if you do not want it to be transferred or stored in this way.
Accuracy of your information
Supremo strives to keep your personal information accurately recorded. You have the right to obtain a copy of the information we hold about you and/or to ask us not to process your information (or not to pass your information to third parties).  If you would like copies of your information, or if you would like us to correct factual inaccuracies, or if you would like that information to be blocked or deleted from our records, then please contact Legal Department, ECOM Agrotrade Limited, 55 Old Broad Street, London, EC2M 1RX, U.K. or e-mail us using the details in the Contact form section of this website.
Security
Supremo takes reasonable technical and organisational security measures to prevent the loss, misuse, alteration or unlawful disclose of information you provide to us. Any third party, agent or representative of Supremo who requires access to your information is also required to implement reasonable technical and organisational security measures to protect your information.
Job applicants
Supremo is the data controller for the information provided when individuals apply to work at Supremo or submit speculative enquiries, we will only use the information supplied to us to process the application, to monitor recruitment statistics or to fulfil legal or regulatory requirements if necessary. Where we want to disclose information to a third party, for example where we want to take up a reference or obtain a ‘disclosure’, we will not do so without informing the applicant beforehand unless the disclosure is required by law.
We do not collect more information than we need to fulfil our stated purposes and will not retain it for longer than is necessary.
The information we ask for is used to assess your suitability for employment. You don’t have to provide what we ask for but it might affect your application if you don’t.
Personal information about speculative or unsuccessful candidates will be held for 12 months after the recruitment exercise has been completed, before being destroyed or deleted. We may retain de-personalised statistical information about applicants to help inform our recruitment activities, but no individuals are identifiable from that data.
If you have any queries about the process or how we handle your information please contact us at london.legal@ecomtrading.com.
We store information in the EU.
This website is hosted on our web servers in the European Union. If you are located outside of the EU, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the EU and by using the website/giving your information, you consent to such transfer, and understand that the EU may not provide the same level of protections as the laws of your country.
Cookie Policy
'Cookies' are small data files sent from a website to your browser.  These technologies help us better understand user behaviour and tell us which parts of our website people have visited. References in these conditions of use to ‘cookies’ also include other means of automatically accessing or storing information on your device. You have the option to block all cookies. Please note, however, that if you refuse or block cookies you may not be able to use all of the functionality of our website.
When you accessed our website, you were presented with a message that notified you of the use of cookies on this website. We used a cookie to present you with that notice. If you continue to use this website, further cookies will be placed on your device as described in the table below. By continuing to use this website after we present that notice to you, you are agreeing to the use of the cookies.
When any person visits our website, http://www.supremo.be, we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. Supremo does this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed and used in a way which does not identify a specific person or their identity. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
We may use web beacons, which are often transparent image files (usually no larger than 1 pixel) that are placed on our web pages and are used to monitor your behaviour.
Otherwise than as set out, we do not ourselves use cookies on this website. However, some of the tools and content in our website are delivered by (and in some cases also hosted by) third party content providers. When you access this content, these third party providers may set cookies on your computer or mobile device.
We allow third parties to set the following cookies on this website:
Session State
These cookies are used to collect information about how you and other visitors interact with our website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they have visited.
_ga
This is used by Google Universal Analytics (Google Analytics update). This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as an identifier. It is included in each page request in a website and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years.
_gat
This is used by Google Universal Analytics (Google Analytics update). This cookie is used to limit the request rate (when there is high traffic) and it expires after 10 minutes.
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These are the cookies used by Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website.
hsid
Session cookie: end of user browser session
Purpose
This cookie is used to store if a user has seen the cookie notification message on this website.
How to disable / enable this cookie
Disable cookies coming from our website domain in browser.
cookieMessage
Persistent cookie expiring 2 years from set/update.
Links to external websites
This website includes links to external websites which are subject to their own terms and conditions and privacy policies which you should read before use. We are not responsible for the content of these external websites and use of third party websites is at your sole risk. Supremo cannot accept any liability for the accuracy of, or otherwise in relation to, any content or the security of any activity carried out on third party websites.
Accessibility
At Supremo we are committed to ensuring our website is accessible to the widest possible audience, regardless of technology or ability and we continue to work to increase the accessibility and usability of our website. However, it is not always possible to do so in all areas of the website, especially where guidelines are still evolving.
Supremo’s aim is to conform to World Wide Web Consortium Guidelines and industry best practices in building this website. Our website is designed to be operational for mainstream and currently supported browser versions.
If you experience any difficulty in using our website, please email us using the details in the ‘Contact’ section of this website.
General terms
Your use and browsing of Supremo's website is at your own risk. The information contained in this website is intended for general information purposes only and is provided to you on an “As is” basis free of charge, without any warranties or guarantees (express or implied) with regards the material.
Supremo (or its Group)  shall not be responsible or liable for any damages due to:
statements, errors or omissions in the website;
viruses that may be transmitted to your computer.
All copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights used as part of this website are vested in Supremo and / or its licensors. The content of this website is protected under international copyright conventions.  You acquire no rights in the website other than the limited right to use the website in accordance with these conditions of use. The website may not be copied, modified, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except that you may, for personal and non-commercial use only, download one copy onto your personal computer.
You shall not use this website for any illegal purposes and in particular agree that you shall not send, use, copy, post or allow any posting which is defamatory or obscene or which is abusive, indecent or in breach of the privacy of any person. You agree not to send any unsolicited promotional or advertising material, unlawful, harmful (including any virus), spam or similar materials or any volume messages which may interfere with the operation of this website.
Supremo reserves the right at any time and without notice to enhance, update, amend, suspend or permanently discontinue all or any part of this website and to restrict or prohibit access to it.
You hereby agree to indemnify the Group against any costs, claims, losses and damages (including legal fees) incurred by or awarded against any member of the Group as a result of your misuse of this website or your breach of these conditions of use.
If you are in breach of these conditions Supremo may suspend or block your access to this website.
If any part of these conditions of use is found to be unenforceable as a matter of law, other parts of these conditions shall not be affected.
These conditions of use govern our relationship with you and represent our entire agreement with you.
The conditions of use and the content of this website are governed by English law whose courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction.
Company information
nv Supremo sa. All rights reserved. Incorporated in Belgium
Registration VAT number: BE 0436.434.078 , Oosterlingenplein 4 A, B-8000 Bruges, Belgium +32 50 44 20 60
Please send all correspondence in relation to this website including legal notices to Legal Department, ECOM Agrotrade Limited, 55 Old Broad Street, London, EC2M 1RX, U.K.
Latest review, 4 May 2018
Let's talk coffee
Contact Us