http://www.calligraphy.co.uk/conditions-of-sale/?SID=abdec47976a371d347036e978eaa7f23&___store=calligraphy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
Learn more.
Allow Cookies
Home
Conditions of Sale
Conditions of Sale
The following terms and conditions and any other related rules that are adopted by Manuscript Pen Company and made available as provided herein (collectively the “Conditions of Sale”) shall apply to all sales of Manuscript Pen Company products (the “Products”) that you (the “Customer” or “you”) may order via Manuscript Pen Company’s www.calligraphy.co.uk (the “Website”)
These Conditions of Sale exclusively apply to sales made through the website. Sales made through authorised Manuscript Pen Company stockists are not subject to these Conditions of Sale.
Manuscript Pen Company may modify the Conditions of Sale from time to time, at its sole discretion. The Conditions of Sale applicable to any order placed through website. In the case of an order placed through the Website, when you check the “I Accept” box at the order confirmation section of the Website before placing your order with Manuscript Pen Company, you indicate your acknowledgment and full acceptance of these Conditions of Sale.
If you refuse to accept these Conditions of Sale, you will not be able to order any Manuscript Pen Company products from the Website.
Persons wishing to use the Website will also be deemed, by virtue of such use, to have agreed to be bound by our Website Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, which are incorporated to these Conditions of Sale by reference.
Purchase Eligability
Only individuals who
have reached the age of maturity (eighteen)
have legal capacity to enter into contracts
are living in the United Kingdom and
are acting in a capacity that is unrelated to any business or professional activity
may order Products through the Website. If you are under the age of maturity or otherwise cannot lawfully enter into a contract, you must have your parent or guardian place an order on your behalf. Any orders placed in contravention to this provision and any related contracts made on the basis of such orders shall be null and void.
By placing an order through the Website, you represent and warrant that you are an end-user customer and will not deliver, sell or otherwise distribute the Products or purchase Products for commercial purposes or any other commercial benefit. If Manuscript Pen Company believes in its sole discretion that an order would be in breach of these Terms and Conditions, then Manuscript Pen Company may refuse such order.
Ordering
You are deemed to place an order with us by ordering via our online checkout process. As part of our checkout process you will be given the opportunity to check your order and to correct any errors. We will send you an order acknowledgement, detailing the products you have ordered. The fact that you receive an automatic order acknowledgement does not necessarily mean that we will be able to meet your Order.
Our acceptance of an order takes place when we despatch the order. We will send you a despatch confirmation by email. The purchase contract will be made when we despatch the order, even if your payment has been processed prior to despatch, unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled your order.
We have the right to refuse to accept any order, in particular without limitation, we may refuse to accept an order:
where goods are not available;
where we cannot obtain authorisation for your payment;
if there has been a pricing or product description error;
Manuscript Pen Company reserves the right to change the assortment of Products proposed on the Website The Product pages of the Website can provide you with information regarding Products that are currently presented for sale. Please note that only the Products displaying an “Add to Bag” button are available for sale through the Website.
Manuscript Pen Company reserves the right to moderately modify products from images shown on the product pages of the Website. Sometimes certain elements of a set may be out of stock and Manuscript Pen Company will replace with the closest equivalent to complete the order.
You may also call the Customer Service Department (+44 1746 861 236) and a Manuscript Pen Company representative will provide you with further information as to Product availability and assist you with your purchase.
Account Regsitration & Personal Information
In order to place an order through the Website, you will be required to register and create your online account, unless you select the “Guest Checkout”. In order to register, you will be required to provide valid and up-to-date personal information, such as your full name, phone number, postal address and e-mail address.
Upon completion of your account registration on the Website, you will receive an email summarising the personal information and a link to the “My Account” section of the Website, whereby you will be able to set or change your user name, password and personal information. You are responsible for ensuring that your password and account login are kept secret, safe and secure at all times. Manuscript Pen Company will not be held responsible or liable for any misuse of your account resulting from a third party’s access to and use of your password and account login.
We may change the information required to place a new order or the registration requirements from time to time. Any changes will be posted on the Website. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details about how we may use your personal information.
Should any of the information you provide on the Website change, please login to your account and update such information directly on the Website, or notify Manuscript Pen Company at the following e-mail address: manuscript@manuscriptpen.com or as set out in our Privacy Policy. Moreover, in the event that Manuscript Pen Company reasonably believes that your account is being misused or has been accessed by a third party, Manuscript Pen Company may cancel such account and/or temporarily or permanently terminate any activities on it and shall notify the same to you by email or telephone.
Pricing & Specification
Prices shown on this Website are inclusive of VAT at the current rate.
The right is reserved to change the specification and prices of the products described on this website.
Whilst we try and ensure that the details, descriptions and prices on our Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price or specification of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or specification or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund. If you have already received the goods we ask that you send them back to us, upon receipt we will issue a full refund and any costs you in incur in returning the item.
Secure Shopping & Payment
Payment with order is required in all cases. You can use your Mastercard, Visa or Maestro Credit/Debit Card or use your Paypal account to pay for your order. Your payment will be dealt with using the secure Paypal gateway.
Manuscript Pen Company  will take all reasonable care within our power to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence not on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Website.
You must ensure that you keep your log in user ID and password secure and you are responsible for any activity on this Website which results from your failure to keep your ID and password confidential.
You must not use another person’s user ID and password and you must let us know as soon as possible if you have reason to believe that anyone has gained unauthorised access to your account.
Manuscript Pen Company reserve the right to disable your log in user ID and password at any time in our sole discretion with or without notice or explanation.
Our Delivery Service
Goods are despatched to the address in your contact details. We aim to despatch goods within 7 - 10 working days for items available and in stock. (Items will not be dispatched at weekends or National holidays) We normally aim to fulfil all contracts within 30 days (unless we agree otherwise with you at or subsequent to accepting your order) however delays beyond our control may occur. If this occurs with your order, we will let you know.
Postage & Packaging
UK: £3.99 Royal Mail Tracked Delivery for parcels below 2kg. DPD Standard Next Day Delivery for parcels over 2kg after date of dispatch. Rates are specified at checkout on shopping cart.
International Delivery: We use Royal Mail and UPS as a courier and delivery charged is based on country and is specified at checkout on shopping cart.
The delivery charge will be automatically calculated at the checkout page and added to your order total. This delivery charge covers the entire order regardless of how many products are comprised in your order. If you wish your order to be sent to an address which is different from the address on your contact details, please enter these details accordingly.
When your parcel arrives, you must check the contents against the Advice Note. If there is any discrepancy, please call Customer Services on +44 (0) 1746 861 236 immediately or use the contact us page to notify us by email, giving full details.
All sales and all deliveries are subject to the availability of goods.
We use Royal Mail, DPD and UPS as our couriers and all items are sent tracked.
Please note that while items sent by Royal Mail usually arrive within 1-3 days, Royal Mail stipulate that only items still not delivered after 15 working days can be officially classified as lost. Manuscript will make every effort to deliver within the time stated but we will not be liable for any loss caused to you by late delivery. The above does affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Promotional Offers
Only one promotional offer can be used per order. Please note that products sold in our Factory Clearance constitute promotional offers. Promotional offers may be withdrawn at any time.
Discount and voucher codes published by 3rd party websites are issued with standard terms and conditions and additional terms and conditions published on this Website may apply. The discount or voucher code can only be used on full priced items which excludes gift vouchers, factory clearance and last chance items. Discount and voucher codes are not to be used in conjunction with any other offer. Promotional offers may be withdrawn at any time.
Returns & Cancellations
Under Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000 you have a right to cancel your order for any product. The regulations do not apply to products made to your personal specifications (or otherwise personalised) or which, by reason of their nature, cannot be returned or are products that are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly, or are audio and video recordings and computer software that you have unsealed or used. Your statutory right to return goods under the regulations may be exercised up to and including the fourteenth day (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and Public Holidays) after the day of delivery.
If you wish to exercise your statutory right to cancel, you must notify us in writing within the statutory period and immediately return the products that you do not wish to keep to us (at your own cost, unless the products were substitute goods which we selected for you). You must take reasonable care of the goods. In all cases, the items returned must be in their original condition, complete with any instruction booklets, software and packaging.
All goods will be inspected on return. If you cancel within the statutory period you may claim a refund of any sum you have paid concerning the goods, less any charges we make for collecting the goods (including courier fees) if you do not return them at your own cost.
Please Note: The deduction of carriage costs we will make in such circumstances will not exceed the cost of the post and packaging charge made when you ordered the goods.
Please enclose with returned goods: details of the returned item and order number (preferably your advice note or a copy of it with the returned item marked on it), your name address and account number, the reason for the return and whether you want a refund or an exchange and return to;
Manuscript Pen Company
Main Road
Highley
Bridgnorth
WV16 6NN
Shropshire
Returns slip must be inserted in the parcel detailing reason for return.
If you return goods you must obtain proof of posting. If they are returned via the Post Office, it is vital that you obtain a Certificate of Posting from the Post Office, which should be kept in a safe place, as this will be required in the event any returned parcels go astray. This will contain a unique reference number, which should be quoted in the event of a query.
Manuscript Pen Company are not liable for loss of goods sent to us in the post and we can only claim against the Post Office in the event you can produce a certificate of posting. Failure to produce a Certificate of posting or a receipt from your courier when a parcel has gone astray will mean we will not be able make a refund. If we accept for refund goods that have been paid for by credit or debit card, the refund will be made directly to your card.
Defective Goods
If, after purchase, you feel that any product is faulty due to either defective workmanship or materials or is otherwise not of satisfactory quality, please return it to us with your complaint in writing and we will investigate your complaint.
Ordering Replacement Nibs
If you require a replacement or exchange item, please download and complete our nib service leaflet and enclose it with the returned goods OR telephone our Customer Services on +44 (0) 1746 861236 (Please do NOT do both or you may receive the order twice).
Contact details will be kept on our system for one year. Payment details will be destroyed within one week. For additional terms, please view our Privacy Policy.
Agreement
These Conditions of Sale (as amended from time to time), including policies incorporated herein, constitute the agreement between you and Manuscript Pen Company regarding your purchase of Products through the Website.
Severability
In the event that any provision of the Conditions of Sale shall be determined to be partially void or unenforceable by any court and for any reason whatsoever, it shall be void or unenforceable to that extent only and no further and the validity and enforceability of any of the other provisions of the Conditions of Sale shall not be affected.
English Law
The formation, interpretation and operation of the Contract will be subject to English Law and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.Find Your Local StoreSearch our directory for a Manuscript retailer near you... Search
Useful InformationTerms of Use Privacy Policy GDPR at Manuscript Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Blog Inspiration Shop LinksDelivery Information Secure Shopping Conditions of Sale Orders & Returns Contact UsTel: +44(0) 1746 861 236Fax: +44(0) 121 615 3353Manuscript Pen Company LtdHighley Nr. Bridgnorth Shropshire WV16 6NN
© 2020 Manuscript Ltd. All Rights Reserved