https://www.prosearch.com/privacy/
Skip to content
001-234-5678FacebookTwitterLinkedin
AboutOur History Executive Leadership Thought Leaders Our Team Our Culture
News SolutionsTracked Capture Unified Review Enriched Active Learning Radius® Scout® Supporting Technology Data Security
Careers Contact PrivacyGDPR Privacy Policy
EFFECTIVE DATE: January 10, 2019
EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Statement
PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
In compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.  PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC.  further commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.  European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. at:
Sean P. Foley, Esq.
PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC.
3250 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 301
Los Angeles, CA 90010
(213) 201-6035
PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism.
For non-Human Resources data PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. uses BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus as its independent dispute resolution provider. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacyshield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint.
For human resources data relating to European Union or Swiss individuals, PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and comply with the advice given by such authorities regarding human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship.
PROSEARCH STRATEGIES, INC. is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, individuals may invoke the right to “last resort” binding arbitration before a Privacy Shield Panel naming the data owners and ProSearch Strategies.
Notice: ProSearch does not collect or use client data for any purpose incompatible with those purposes authorized in its client agreements. Personal information is not stored except as directed by our clients who own the data, and does not transfer to third-parties except as authorized and directed by client.  The personal data received by ProSearch may include individual names, email addresses, medical and banking data.  This data is received and processed to assist our clients in the defense or prosecution of legal claims, and for governmental and internal investigations.
We also may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Choice: Where ProSearch receives personal information from clients or other entities, it will use and disclose such information only in accordance with the notices provided by such entities and the choices made by the individuals to whom such personal information relates.  ProSearch acknowledges its liability under the Privacy Shield framework in cases of onward transfers of data to third parties unless we can prove we were not a party to the events giving rise to the damages.
Access: EU and Swiss individuals have a right to access their personal data. ProSearch will provide access to the extent instructed by our clients, who are the best resources, as owners of the data, to provide access to EU and Swiss individuals who require access.
3250 Wilshire Blvd Los Angeles, CA 90010
Dublin Office
Regus House, Harcourt Centre
Harcourt Road
Dublin 2, Dublin D02 HW77
Ireland, Republic of
India OfficeKRB Towers, 4th Floor, #1-4 & 4A,
Jubilee Enclave, Madhapur,
Hyderabad, Telangana, India, 500081Phone number:(877) 447-7291Find us on:FacebookTwitterLinkedinRecent NewsProSearch EDRM Webinar: Be a Rock Star with TARNovember 16, 2020ProSearch Expands eDiscovery Client Solutions Advisory TeamNovember 12, 2020ProSearch and Text IQ Partner to Bring Additional Structure to Unstructured Data and Reduce Document Review Costs by up to 50% for ProSearch Enterprise CustomersOctober 14, 2020
© ProSearch Strategies. All rights reserved.
AboutOur History Executive Leadership Thought Leaders Our Team Our Culture
News SolutionsTracked Capture Unified Review Enriched Active Learning Radius® Scout® Supporting Technology Data Security
Careers Contact PrivacyGDPR Privacy Policy
ProSearch Menu
Go to Top
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Contact Us
Your Name:
Your Email:
Subject:
Your Message:
[recaptcha]
x
GDPR Privacy Policy