http://www.anz.com/support/help/website-terms-use/
skip to log on
skip to main content
Personal
landing page
Bank accounts
Credit cards
Home loans
Personal loans
Insurance
Investing & super
Travel & international
Ways to bank
Financial wellbeing
ANZ Private
ANZ Financial Advice
Intermediary deposits
ANZ security centre
Business
landing page
Explore more
Business banking offers
Cash flow solutions
Loans and overdrafts
Business credit cards
Business accounts
Merchant and payments
Online banking
International business
Staff and super
Insurance
Industries
ANZ Business Hub
Help and support
Find my local business banker
Institutional
landing page
Industries
Our expertise
Solutions
Research and insights
ANZ Digital Services
Online security
Global network
ANZ Research
Rates, fees, terms, taxes and disclosures
Contact us
About us
landing page
About ANZ
Debt Investor Centre
Our Company
Media Centre
Shareholder Centre
Corporate Sustainability
Find ANZ
Contact
End of mobile menu. Close mobile menu
Support Centre
Help
ANZ website terms of use
Find ANZ
Contact
ANZ website terms of use
About this website
This is a website operated by Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited
(
ABN 11 005 357 522
) ("ANZ") under the domain name "www.anz.com" ("ANZ website"). The ANZ website is operated on behalf of ANZ and its related bodies corporate (together called the "ANZ Group")
Your use of the information, graphics and materials on the ANZ website ("Material on this website") is governed by these terms of use and the privacy and security statement.
In addition to the terms contained in this document, there are also specific terms which form part of the terms of use and govern your use of, and access to, certain sections of the ANZ website. Since you are also bound by these additional terms, you should review them wherever they are accessible by you on the ANZ website.
Back to top
Links to other websites
The ANZ website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties ("Third Party websites"). The ANZ Group does not endorse, or approve of the operators of Third Party websites, or the information, graphics and material on those Third Party websites ("Third Party Material").
Subject to any applicable law which cannot be excluded, the ANZ Group makes no warranties or representations:
regarding the quality, accuracy, merchantability or fitness for purpose of Third Party Material or products or services available through Third Party websites; or
that Third Party Material does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any person. ANZ is not authorising the reproduction of Third Party Material by linking Material on this website to Third Party Material.
When you follow a link on the ANZ website, material at a Third Party website may be displayed in your browser framed by Material on this website. This material is also Third Party Material for the purpose of these terms of use.
All offers to sell and statements relating to goods and services available on Third Party websites are the responsibility of and given by the Third Party website operator. In so far as such offers and statements are made on the ANZ website, such offers and statements are made by the ANZ Group on behalf of the operator. The ANZ Group expressly disclaims acting in any other respect on behalf of Third Party website operators.
ANZ may receive payments from operators of Third Party websites in relation to goods or services supplied by the operator as a result of you linking to the Third Party website from the ANZ website.
Back to top
Third party software
Unless otherwise indicated software downloads available via links from the ANZ website are third party products. These products may be subject to a licence agreement between you and the relevant product owner. To the extent permitted by law, the ANZ Group accept no liability in respect of such third party products and the ANZ Group provide no warranty and give no endorsement in respect of such products or any party connected with them. We do, however, welcome your feedback or suggestions concerning these products.
Back to top
ANZ Group product information and supply
Material on this website may contain general information about ANZ Group products and services. Unless expressly stated otherwise, this information:
does not constitute an offer or inducement to enter into a legally binding contract; and
does not form part of the terms and conditions for ANZ Group products and services.
For further information about a particular product or service please complete the e-form on the product or service page. Material on this website does not apply to products obtained through ANZ Direct.
All applications for credit are subject to the ANZ Group's normal credit approval criteria.
Unless expressly agreed otherwise:
products and services discussed in the section of the ANZ website which refers to the Australian operations of any ANZ Group member (the "Australian Section") will be provided only to Australian residents. These products and services are generally not available to non-Australian residents because they may not comply with non-Australian laws; and
products and services discussed in the sections of the ANZ website which refer to the various non-Australian operations of any ANZ Group member or discussed in websites operated by any ANZ Group member outside Australia and linked to the ANZ website (the "International Sections") will be provided only to residents of the jurisdiction to which a particular International Section applies, and only to the extent that those products and services comply with the laws of that jurisdiction.
Back to top
Warranties
While we have made every effort to ensure that information is free from error, the ANZ Group does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of Material on this website. All information is subject to change without notice. ANZ recommends that you seek independent advice before acting upon Material on this website or Third Party Material. The ANZ Group does not guarantee that the ANZ website or Third Party websites will be free from viruses, or that access to the ANZ website or Third Party websites will be uninterrupted.
Back to top
Limitation of liability
Subject to any responsibilities implied by law and which cannot be excluded, no member of the ANZ Group is liable to you for any losses, damages, liabilities, claims and expenses (including but not limited to legal costs and defence or settlement costs) whatsoever arising out of or referable to Material on the ANZ website or to Third Party Material, whether in contract, tort including negligence, statute or otherwise.
Liability of any member of the ANZ Group for a breach of a condition or warranty implied by law or otherwise, and which cannot be excluded, is limited to the extent possible, at ANZ's option, to:
the supply of the goods or services again;
the repair of the goods; or
the payment of the cost of having the goods or services supplied again or repaired.
Back to top
Termination
These terms of use (and the agreement constituted by your use of the information, graphics and materials on the ANZ website) and your access to the ANZ website may be terminated at any time by ANZ without notice. All restrictions, licences granted by you and all disclaimers and limitations of liability by the ANZ Group will survive termination, however, you will no longer be authorised to access the ANZ website.
Back to top
Jurisdiction
Unless expressly agreed otherwise:
the Australian section is provided for use only by Australian residents. The law applicable to use of the Australian section and to disputes arising out of the Australian section is the law of the State of Victoria, Australia; and
each International Section is provided for use only by residents of the jurisdiction to which that International Section applies. The law applicable to use of each International Section and to disputes arising out of the International Section is the law of that jurisdiction.
Back to top
Copyright and trademark
Copyright in the material on this website is owned or licensed by the ANZ Group.
Except where necessary for viewing the Material on this website on your browser, or as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws or these terms of use, no material on this website may be reproduced, adapted, uploaded to a third party, linked to, framed, performed in public, distributed or transmitted in any form by any process without the specific written consent of the ANZ.
"ANZ", and all associated trademarks, are trademarks of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited.
Back to top
Linking to ANZ website
Please contact ANZ if you would like to place a link to any part of the ANZ website.
Back to top
Acceptance and changes to terms of use
You acknowledge and accept that your use of the ANZ website indicates your acceptance of these terms of use and the privacy and security statement.
These are the current terms of use. They replace any other terms of use for the ANZ website published on the ANZ website to date. ANZ may at any time vary the terms of use by publishing the varied terms of use on the ANZ website. You accept that by doing this, ANZ has provided you with sufficient notice of the variation.
ANZ reserves any rights not expressly granted in these terms of use.
Back to top
Important information
Date of Publication - 14th July 2000 - Version 4 Adobe and Acrobat Reader are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated.
Top