http://www.eminenceorganics.com/privacy
Our website uses cookies to guarantee you the best experience on our website. By continuing we assume your permission to deploy cookies as detailed in our privacy policy.
I accept
Sign up to our E-Newsletter for the latest skin care tips, product launches & news.
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing to Eminence Organics email news! You should receive a confirmation email in your inbox soon.
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment:
Eminence Organic Skin Care is committed to safeguarding your privacy online and protecting the information that we collect. Under no circumstance do we disclose information about you, or resell any information collected though this site. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Information We Collect:
Customer Information. In order to purchase a product or service, you may be required to give us contact information (e.g. name, email address), unique identifiers (e.g. password), and demographic information (e.g. postal code). Certain information is collected in order to, among other things, verify your identity for subsequent use of our service. If you decide to purchase a product or service, we will need to collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date, and billing address. Financial information is used to bill you for products and services. As a visitor to our web site, you may be asked for your name and email address for various promotions. Your contact information is used to contact you when necessary, and to send you important new information about our products and services. We do not share your financial information with outside parties, other than our bank and credit card transaction vendor.
IP address
We may collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address each time you visit our web site. The IP address is a unique identifier assigned to your computer each time you connect to the internet. The IP address is used for site traffic statistical reporting and analysis, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to help protect our customers and ourselves from fraud.
Cookies
To help us serve you better, we may collect Device Identifiable Information from you through technologies such as "cookies" and "pixel tags” (which are also called clear GIFs, web beacons, or pixels) or by tracking internet protocol (IP) addresses. "Cookies” are small data files that are stored by your web browser when you interact with a website. When you visit a webpage, the cookie sends back Device Identifiable Information. "Pixel tags” are small graphic images (usually invisible) that can be embedded in content and ads on a webpage that track usage of our Website and effectiveness of communication. These pixel tags can then be used to recognize our cookies and to monitor certain user interactions with a website. Cookies operate in the background, and you can turn them off if you wish by adjusting your Web browser settings but doing so may impair your ability to use some of the features on the Web Site. We may use cookies to make the Web Site work better by, for example, remembering your preferences, keeping track of your login name, password and, if you want to buy things while on the Web Site, your "shopping cart."
In some cases, we have arrangements with third-parties, such as authorized Service Providers, agents or representatives, to collect and store the foregoing information on our behalf, to provide services in connection with hosting or the operation of our Web Site, or to facilitate reporting of analytics (such as with Google Analytics).
Although the Device Identifiable Information that we share, including the Device Identifiable Information that is not linked to your mobile device, does not identify you personally there is a risk that third parties who receive such information from us may be able to re-identify you through other information they gather.
Except for IP Addresses, we may match Device Identifiable Information with Personal Information that we may have from or about you, which would allow us to identify you, we may use this information to provide you with offers that are available where you physically are located.
Social Media
When using the Services or when using certain third party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google +) (each a "Social Network"), you may have the option to connect your Service information and activity with your Social Network information and activity. If you authorize such a connection, you permit us to share or publish information about your Service activity with that Social Network and its users, and to access certain of your Social Network information, as disclosed to you at the time you consent to the connection. Information we may share with a Social Network may include but is not limited to: technical information about your Service activity, your Service comments or the videos you watch on Service. Information we may access about you, with your consent, from a Social Network may include, but is not limited to, your basic Social Network information, your location data, your list of contacts, friends or followers and certain information about your activities on the Social Network. If you permit a connection between a Social Network and a Service, we (and that Social Network) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we already have about you. For more information, please review the privacy disclosures and terms of your Social Network account, which govern how that account information is collected and shared with us.
Server Activity
Customer logins, and other server access activities, are monitored and analyzed to protect our server from unauthorized login attempts.
Correspondence
We reserve the right to keep a record of any correspondence (i.e. email or paper mail) submitted by you to us.
How to Access & Control Your Personal Data
Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information
You have the following data protection rights:
You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.
You can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at privacy@eminenceorganics.com or by postal mail to Eminence Organic Skin Care, 300-530 West Broadway, Vancouver, BC, V5Z 1E9, Canada Attention: Privacy. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
To Unsubscribe From Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails, updating your communication preferences, or by sending us email at privacy@eminenceorganics.com or postal mail to Eminence Organic Skin Care, 300-530 West Broadway, Vancouver, BC, V5Z 1E9, Canada Attention: Privacy. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us.
To Unsubscribe from Our Spa Partner’s (Customers’) Communications
Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. You can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
Disclosure of Information
We cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this privacy policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personally identifiable information to the government, law enforcement or legal counsel (e.g. by court order).
Security Measures
No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.
General
This privacy policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms and conditions of this site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of linked web sites.
If you have any questions in regards to this statement please send them to:
Eminence Organic Skin Care
300-530 West Broadway
Vancouver, BC V5Z 1E9
Canada
Phone (604) 602-4787
Fax: (604) 602-4731
Email: info@eminenceorganics.com
Updated: May 24, 2018
Your Wishlist
Please Sign in or Register to save items to your wishlist.