http://www.drhorton.com/your-california-privacy-rights
Your California Privacy Rights
LAST UPDATED ON DECEMBER 20, 2019
California Civil Code § 1798.83, also known as the
"Shine the Light" law, provides California residents with the right to request, once per year, without charge, information from website operators and owners regarding the
Personal Information
that they collect online and offline, if any, and the third parties, including affiliates, with which they have shared this information during the preceding calendar year, for the direct marketing purposes of the third party. If such information is collected and shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, the website operator or owner is required, upon request, to provide the list of categories of Personal Information they collect, if any, and the names and addresses of all third parties with which it has shared such information for direct marketing purposes.  Capitalized terms in this Your California Privacy Rights are defined in the Definitions section of this Your California Privacy Rights.
A website operator or owner may meet its obligations, and be exempt from such disclosures, under the Shine the Light law, if it provides California residents the right to opt-out of, and thereby prohibit, the website operator or owner from sharing such Personal Information with third parties including its affiliates, for the direct marketing purposes of the third party.
In accordance with California Civil Code section 1798.83(c)(2), D.R. Horton complies with California 's
"Shine the Light" law by providing all of its customers, including its California customers, with a cost-free method to opt-out of the sharing of Personal Information with all third parties (including its non-builder Affiliates, which include DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title, its insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc., Forestar Group, Inc. and other non-builder affiliated entities) for the direct marketing of those third parties, by not disclosing to third parties, including its non-builder Affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes the Personal Information of any customer if the customer has exercised the option to prevent such disclosure, and by disclosing these policies in its Privacy Policy. Consequently, D.R. Horton is not obligated under Shine the Light to provide California customers, who have requested such information, a list of the categories of the Personal Information disclosed by D.R. Horton to third parties for their direct marketing purposes or the names and addresses of the third parties to which D.R. Horton has shared such Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
If you would like to opt-out of the sharing by D.R. Horton of your Personal Information with all third parties (including our non-builder affiliates, which include DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd., title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title, our insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc. Forestar Group, Inc., and other non-builder affiliated entities) for the direct marketing of those third parties, and thereby prohibit D.R. Horton from disclosing your Personal Information to third parties, including our non-builder Affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes, please click here.
California residents may have further rights related to the handling of their Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act.  To learn more about the categories of Personal Information D.R. Horton collects, as well as the ways in which it uses that information, visit our Privacy Policy.  While D.R. Horton does not
"sell" your Personal Information in the traditional sense, it may share your information with third parties.  California residents may have certain rights related to this information, including the right to ask that we
"Do Not Sell Your Personal Information," the right to ask that we Delete your Personal Information, or the right to request Access to the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.  California residents also have the right to not be treated differently by D.R. Horton in response to your decision to exercise any of these rights.
To learn more about these rights, and to exercise those that apply, please visit Your Privacy Choices, contact D.R. Horton at D.R. Horton, Inc., Attn: Privacy, 1341 Horton Circle, Arlington, TX 76011, email us at PrivacyManager@drhorton.com or contact us by phone at 888-559-2763.  As part of your request, we may ask for certain information including your name, email address, or the manner in which you have previously interacted with D.R. Horton.  We will use this information only to contact you about your request and to verify your request.  You may also designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf.
DEFINITIONS.
Affiliates – Our Affiliates include, among others, our builder affiliated entities, as well as our mortgage company, DHI Mortgage Company, Ltd.; our title company affiliates doing business as DHI Title; our insurance company, D.R. Horton Insurance Agency, Inc.; Forestar Group, Inc. and other non-builder affiliated entities.
Personal Information – Personal Information is information that identifies, relates to, describes or is reasonably capable of being associated with you.  Personal Information includes Identifiers such as your name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, user name, physical address, IP Address, phone number, driver 's license or state identification card number, email address, debit card information or other financial information, profile pictures or social media account ID.