http://www.volkenterprises.com/privacy-policy-2/
About Us
Mission Statement
History of Volk Enterprises
Commitment to Food Quality
Contact Us
Products
Temperature Indicators
Pop Up® Disposable Cooking Thermometer
Cook’d Right™ Sensor
Poultry Trussing Devices
Clucker-Truss®
Handi-Clamp®
Hok Cuff®
Hok Lok®
Rotisserie Clamp®
Flavor & Product Identification
Flavor-It Tag®
Skewer
Clucker-Truss®
Custom Manufacturing
Business Solutions
Solutions For Processors
Solutions for Retailers
Blog
Recipes
Privacy Policy
Conditions of use, notices and disclaimers
As a user of this Web site, you agree that your access to and use of the Web site are subject to the terms and conditions in this legal notice and all applicable laws, and that your access or use is undertaken at your own risk. These terms and conditions may change at any time without notice. By visiting volkenterprises.com you are accepting these conditions of use.
Copyright
All of the content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Volk Enterprises, Inc. or our content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Volk Enterprises, Inc. and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software on this site is the property of Volk Enterprises, Inc. or our software suppliers and protected by Unites States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
Volk Enterprises, Inc. and other marks indicated on our site, and other graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Volk Enterprises, Inc. or our affiliates. Volk Enterprises, Inc. trademarks and trade dress may not be used with any product or service that is not Volk Enterprises, Inc. in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Volk Enterprises, Inc. All other trademarks not owned by us or our affiliates that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us or our affiliates.
Errors or Inaccuracies
This Web site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We apologize for any inconvenience.
Disclaimer of Liability
This Web site, and any information or content on this Web site, is provided “as is” with all faults. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to this Web site, its functioning or its operations, whether it or its server is virus-free, or the content or information available on or through the Web site. Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, we and our corporate affiliates, our directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors and assigns of each, will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use or your ability to access use of this web site or any other Web site linked to this Web site. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if we are notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.
No Confidentiality
We do not want to receive confidential proprietary or trade secret information through this Web site (excluding information related to any order you submit). Please note that any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to us will be deemed non-confidential. And, by submitting any such information, you are granting us an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments for any purpose whatsoever.
Applicable Law
By visiting this Web site, you agree that the laws of the state of Georgia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and us or any of our affiliates.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to our Web site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Georgia, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Georgia, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgement in any court or competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
Privacy Policy
At Volk Enterprises, Inc. we want to provide you with the highest quality services. We use information from our interactions with you and other customers, and from other parties, to help us achieve that goal. Because we respect your privacy, we have procedures intended to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner.
We have posted this privacy policy to let you know what kind of information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information, and how you may access some of the information you provide to us.
We currently do not collect any personal information from Web site users. If you choose to request an email from us, we will use your email address to provide you with the requested information.
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them. You will be given the opportunity to “opt-out”, we will stop sending you emails.
As we continue to develop our Web site and take advantage of advances in technology, our policy may change. Please refer to this page frequently to understand our current policy.
Links to other sites
While visiting volkente.nextmp.net you may link to Web sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. We do not make any representations or warranties about any Web site you may access through this Web site. They are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, the information provided or activities undertaken by those Web sites.
When you provide personal information at one of those sites, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that site, not the Volk Enterprises, Inc. privacy policy. We encourage you to read that policy before submitting any personal information. Also, a link between our Web site and another Web site does not mean that we endorse that Web site. You need to make your own independent decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other Web site.
Further Information
If you would like further information, or have any questions about our policies, please contact us.
Food Quality Products
COOK’D RIGHT ™ SENSORPOP UP® DISPOSABLE COOKING THERMOMETERMore ProductsFlavor & Product Identification
Poultry Trussing Devices
Temperature Indicators
Custom Manufacturing