https://www.gexcon.com/cookie-policy/
Skip to content
Incident Investigtaion Emergency Help
Global Site Global Site UK  Middle East  Australia  India
Search
Login/Register
Basket empty
Sectors
All Sectors
Oil & Gas
Renewables
Petrochemicals & Chemicals
Energy
Pharmaceuticals
Food & Beverage
Transportation
Mechanical Equipment Manufacturing
Products & Services
All Products & Services
Software
FLACS-CFD
FLACS-Frequency
FLACS-EFFECTS
FLACS-RISKCURVES
Shell FRED
Shell Shepherd
Shell PIPA
Coloured Books
Consulting
Process Hazard Analysis (PHA)
Process Safety & Risk Management
Regulatory Compliance
Modelling Studies
Expert Training
Hydrogen Safety Studies
Incident Investigation
Fire & Explosion Testing
Ignition Hazard Assessment for Mechanical Equipment and Protective Systems
Gas, Vapour and Liquid Explosion Properties Testing
Dust Explosion Properties Testing
Testing of Passive Fire Protection
Explosion Mitigation System Testing
Testing for Obtaining Transportation Classification
Research Projects
Testing Facilities
Courses
All Courses
Explosion Hazards Courses
FLACS-CFD
Shell FRED and Shell Shepherd
Process Safety Management Courses
FLACS-EFFECTS and FLACS-RISKCURVES
About Gexcon
About Gexcon
Why choose Gexcon
Quality Policy
Key Strategic Areas
Key Partnerships & Collaborations
Meet the Team
News & Media
Latest News
Blog
Events
Webinars
Product & Services Information
Case Studies
Gallery
Careers
Careers at Gexcon
Careers Board
Contact
Contact Us
Incident Investigation Emergency Help
Home » Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files which contain a small amount of visitor specific and website specific data. Cookies are stored temporarily on your computer while you browse our website and are necessary for certain features of the site to work.
Currently we employ an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume that you are happy with the usage of cookies. If you are not happy with this, you should either delete Gexcon cookies after using our website or use your browsers anonymous browsing settings (called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, “Private Browsing” in Firefox and Safari etc.)
If you decide to disable cookies on our website then some of its features may not function correctly and this may have a negative effect on your browsing experience.
What sort of cookies does gexcon.com use?
The cookies used on the Gexcon website fall into the following categories:
Essential cookies
Some cookies are essential for the operation of our website. For example, some cookies ensure our contact forms work correctly throughout the site,
a cookie is used to define a new browsing session for each user of the page. If a visitor opts to disable cookies, they may not be able to contact us using our forms as they may not work correctly..
Functionality cookies
Gexcon use functionality cookies to enhance services, such as allowing users to watch videos and to track the usage of our website.
First Party cookies
Gexcon use Google Analytics to track website visitor statistics, including the number of site visits. Google Analytics is also used to track visitor behaviour, allowing us to identify effective and popular pages and develop ways to improve the website’s content and user experience.
Third Party cookies
Gexcon also use and allow third parties to serve cookies on our website.
HubSpot uses cookies to track website visitors and contacts. For further information on these cookies please view: https://knowledge.hubspot.com/reports/what-cookies-does-hubspot-set-in-a-visitor-s-browser
We use YouTube to embed videos on the website.
We also use Google Maps embeds on the contact pages of our website.
We also use a subscribe button within our websaite to allow users to sign up to our email marketing list with Mailchimp.
All of the above serve cookies on the Gexcon website, we do not control the settings of third party cookies, so we recommend that you check the relevant websites for further information on these cookies.
Cookies enable us to identify you when you’re logged in, how you use our website and/or which device you are using. They are important to improve your experience on gexcon.com.
‘Targeting’ cookies are deployed by third parties, such as social media platforms (YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin) and our advertising partners (if applicable). They may subsequently use information about your visit to target you with advertising that you may be interested in, on this and other websites.
The website aboutcookies.org gives you detailed step by step guidance on how to control and delete cookies depending on your browser type. You can adjust your browser settings to your preferred level of protection. The list below provides links to privacy controls for third-party websites that deliver cookies via our website within advertisements or widgets.
Google analytics’s opt out optionsGoogle and Doubleclick opt-out detailsNetwork Advertising InitiativeDAA
You are currently using the:
Global Site Global Site UK  Middle East  Australia  India
Connect with us
Follow us for the latest news, information and to engage with us.
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
Contact us
We look forward to hearing from you to see how we can help.
CONTACT US
E-Newsletter sign-up
You agree to our privacy policy and what we do with your information
Gexcon Makes The World a Safer Place