http://www.robertirobotics.com/about-us/legal.php
Spanish
English
Zeus Cad Laser
Remote Telediagnostics
Standalone LaserSystems
Laser Cube
Laser - Lucky
Laser Modula EVO
Laser ModulaEVO - 4 Axis
Laser ModulaEVO Rotante
Laser ModulaEVO Rotante Maxi
Laser MarkingAccessories
Marking Videos
Multi-level Marking
Low NoiseScribe Marking
Marking 2DMatrix Codes
Z Axis Barcode
High Speed Marking
T1 Marking
Deep Marking
Portable Marking
Marking Plasticand Rubber
Rotary Scribe Markingwith Z Axis
Laser Marking
Brain Touch
Marking Aroundan Obstacle
Marking of Graphics& Special Fonts
Microdot RotaryPart Marking
Easy Powerful Programming
Eco Marking
Youtube Videos
Marking Solutions
MarkingApplications
Marking usedin Industries
Marking ofDifferent Materials
Contact Us
Services
Technical Assistance
Training and/orStart-up Assistance
Remote Telediagnostics
Feasibility andSample Service
About Us
History
Privacy Policy
Legal
ContactInformation
Canada
United States
Mexico
Map & Directions
Opportunities
Search Site For
Microdot Products
Scribe Products
Laser Products
P1 - 65 x 35mm
P2 - 100 x 35mm
P3 - 180 x 35mm
FIONDA - 60 x 20mm
F1 - 65 x 65mm
F2 - 100 x 100mm
F3 - 180 x 100mm
FMAX - 500 x 300mm
R1 - 340 x 170mm
G1 - 60 x 40mm
G2 - 100 x 100mm
G3 - 180 x 100mm
P1p - 65 x 35mm
P2p - 100 x 35mm
P3p - 180 x 35mm
ECO - 95 x 20mm
T1 - 180 x 100mm
Omega - 65 x 64 x 40mm
Brain Touch
Brain EVO
Millennium
Zeus Cad
Remote Telediagnostics
Microdot/Scribe Accessories
Microdot StylusTypes Available
Scribe StylusTypes Available
Fiber Laser for Integration
CO2 Laser for Integration
Laser Cube
Lucky Laser
Modula EVO
Modula EVO - 4 Axis
Modula EVO Rotante
Modula EVO Rotante Maxi
Laser Accessories
Legal
Home » Contact Us » About Us » Legal
You are currently connected to www.robertirobotics.com,
an internet site published by Robert I. Robotics Inc., wholly owned by the company:
Corporate name:Robert I. Robotics Inc.
Address of the registered office:343 Sovereign Road,London, ON N6M 1A6 CanadaTelephone:(519)453-2088Site Administrator E-mail : robert@robertirobotics.com
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Access to the siteUsers of this site acknowledge that they are in possession of the competence and means necessary to access and to use the said site. Under no circumstances can Robert I. Robotics Inc. be held liable for elements beyond its control or for any damages as might be caused to the user's technical environment and, in particular, his or her computers, software programs, network equipment or any other equipment used to access the site and to use its services and information. The user is reminded that fraudulently accessing or remaining connected to a computer system, impeding or falsifying the operation of that system or fraudulently introducing into or amending data in a computer system constitutes offences punishable by criminal sanctions.
Robert I. Robotics Inc. and its employees, associates and related corporations shall be relieved from all liability.
Intellectual propertyRobert I. Robotics Inc. is the owner, or rights holder, of all the elements making up its site; this includes in particular, graphic data, photographs, videos etc. Any reproduction, representation or dissemination, total or partial, of the content of this site by any process whatsoever without the express prior consent of Robert I. Robotics Inc. is prohibited and would constitute an infringement of copyright
trademarks. Any total or partial reproduction of these trademarks or logos taken from elements of the site without the express prior consent of Robert I. Robotics Inc. is therefore prohibited.
Site contentRobert I. Robotics Inc. reserves the right to amend and/or correct the content of the site at any time and without notice. Furthermore, Robert I. Robotics Inc. accepts no liability in the event of any delay, error or omission with respect to the content of the site's pages, even in the event of the interruption or non availability of the service for any reason whatsoever. Robert I. Robotics Inc. will nevertheless make every effort to ensure the accuracy of all information made available to visitors to its site, but they must be aware that the information may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, or may be incomplete. Consequently, Robert I. Robotics Inc. cannot be held liable for any decision taken on the basis of information contained on the site, nor for the use to which it might be put by third parties. Access to the products and services presented on the site may be subject to restrictions in respect to some countries. It is therefore the responsibility of any interested person to ascertain in advance whether they are likely to have access to the products or services in question, by making inquiries of the general or local Robert I. Robotics Inc. contact.
Hypertext links and personal data protection (see Internet Privacy Policy)The site www.robertirobotics.com contains hypertext links providing access to third party sites not owned by the company Robert I. Robotics Inc. ; Robert I. Robotics Inc. consequently cannot be held liable for the content of those sites or for the collection of personal data. Hypertext links to the site www.robertirobotics.com must only be created with the express prior consent of the Site Administrator or his representative. The site, as initially designed, is not intended to collect personal data concerning its visitors. Nevertheless, it may so happen that personal data is collected incidentally, in particular for the purposes of sending newsletters, carrying out statistical analyses or to answer questions directly related to the site. In this event, Robert I. Robotics Inc. undertakes not to make commercial use of the data and to store it for a period strictly limited to the purpose of processing.
The data collected is intended only for the proper use of the company Robert I. Robotics Inc. and its employees, associates and related corporations.
Personal data collectionYou have the right to access and do rectification of information that concerns you by writing to the webmaster, robert@robertirobotics.com.You can also, for justifiable motives, refuse the data processing that concerns you.
CookiesThe user is informed that when visiting the site, a "cookie" may be installed automatically and stored temporarily in his or her computer memory or on the hard disk. A "cookie" is an element that does not allow identification of the user but which is used to record information relating to the user's navigation within the internet site. Site users acknowledge that they have been informed of this practice and give Robert I. Robotics Inc. their consent to employ it. They can disable this "cookie" by modifying their browser system's settings.
Amendments to the legal noticeThe company Robert I. Robotics Inc. reserves the right to amend this notice at any time. The user therefore undertakes to consult it on a regular basis.
Photographs and Illustrations and Web Design: Robert I. Robotics Inc.
Hosted by:Execulink Telecom619 Main Street NorthBurgessville, Ontario
N0J 1C0Phone: 1-877-393-2854 (877-Execulink)For Execulink Telecom Privacy Policy please view details at:https://www.execulink.ca/legal/general-terms-and-conditions/privacyFor Execulink Telecom Legal Policy please
view details at:https://www.execulink.ca/legal
© 2014 Robert I. Robotics Inc.
Privacy PolicyLegal Site Map