http://www.modularmoldsystems.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Pleasant Precision, Inc. collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://teamppi.com/ website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Pleasant Precision, Inc.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Pleasant Precision, Inc. may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Our Site is in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Pleasant Precision, Inc. has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Pleasant Precision, Inc.
www.teamppi.com
(419) 675-0556
This document was last updated on 10/17/2017
OUR CAPABILITIESINJECTION MOLDING
MOLD MAKING
EXTRUSION
ROUND MATE®
News From Our BlogNEWS YOU CAN USE: Pleasant Precision confirms its commitment to customers by earning UL Certification October 26, 2020The spread of the Coronavirus across China is impacting global supply chains February 19, 2020Calculating runners is a big deal. Use our new Runner Calculator tool to get it right! January 27, 2020The Benefits of Consolidating Thermoplastic Resins in Plastic Injection Molding October 10, 2019
Copyright Pleasant Precision, Inc.
Subscribe to our blog!
Injection Molding
Mold Making
Contact Us
Product Videos
Extrusion
Round Mate® – An Interchangeable Insert Molding System
About Pleasant Precision, Inc.
Injection Molding
Mold Making
Extrusion
Round Mate® – An Interchangeable Insert Molding System
Product Videos
Contact Us
Blog