http://www.spacedesign.co.uk/privacy-policy
(+44) 0117 960 8870
info@spacedesign.co.uk
Facebook
Home
Mezzanine Floors
Partitioning
Shelving & Storage
Office Furniture
Project Management
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home  »
Privacy Policy
Space Design Privacy Policy 2018
This website is owned and operated by Space Design Limited (“Space Design”).
We take all matters of information and data security and confidentiality very seriously. This Privacy Policy explains our approach to protecting any information provided by or collected from visitors to our website.
Our privacy policy relates only to information that you may provide to us via the website or that we obtain from you when you visit our website. We do not pass your information to third parties or to any linked websites. If you visit a website operated by a third party through a link included on this website, your information may be used differently by the operator of the linked website.
We do not request or collect any financial or credit card information through our website.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
This Policy has been updated specifically to incorporate the requirements of the GDPR legislation and to comply with the requirements of consent and legitimate interests in any information we request, gather, store or use. This policy will continue to be regularly reviewed and updated where necessary to take account of legislative or regulatory change or where we change any aspect of how we operate.
Throughout this policy, we provide contact emails and our postal address at the end, for any queries you may have.
Information we may collect from our website
We collect information about visitors to our site in the following ways:
Requests you make to contact us
We have a Contact Us page on the site enabling visitors to contact us to request information. When you do that, we ask for your name, email address and any message you want to provide. These details are forwarded to our marketing team who will then contact you to respond as you have requested. We store those contact details in our local PCs only for as long as is necessary to process your queries. If you are or subsequently become a customer of Space Design, we retain your details in our local PCs in the form of quotations and invoices.
None of those details are stored on the website or our website provider.
Visitor statistics
When someone visits our website we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out how many visitors we get to our site and how they navigate around it, to help us improve the information and display options. This information does not identify you personally and is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We use it to help us understand which pages are visited most frequently and how we might improve our site for future visitors.
Email communications
We monitor any emails sent to us, including file attachments, for viruses or malicious software in order to protect the security of our data and the integrity of our systems.
All Space Design email accounts are passworded, with up-to-date security encryption.
Our email server is hosted and backed up externally in secure encrypted format, off-site.
The data we hold about you
Under the data protection regulations, if we hold any information about you, you can request a copy of this. Should you wish to obtain a copy of the personal data that we hold on you, please send an email to the following address: info@spacedesign.co.uk If we do hold information, we will give you a description of this. This could be over the phone if you agree to that or we can mail you a notification.
If we do hold information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes by contacting us by email, post or phone. You can remove yourself from our customer lists at any time by emailing us at info@spacedesign.co.uk
In accordance with the compliance requirements, we keep information only for as long as necessary for customers and to meet statutory requirements in terms of employment and tax records.
Complaints
Our objective is to work to the highest standards of security and confidentiality when collecting and using personal information. If you have any complaint regarding anything that may constitute a breach of this privacy policy, please contact us at Space Design Ltd, Unit 4, Stonehill Centre, Longwell Green, Bristol BS30 9DH
If we receive any complaint, we will acknowledge it within two days and will investigate it fully and contact you as quickly as possible with our findings. We aim to resolve any complaint within 10 working days, but we will communicate with you throughout our investigation to let you know progress and any queries.