http://www.encompasscu.com.au/about/privacy-statement
page top
Menu
I want to
Buy a home
We can help you take the first step into the house of your dreams.
Buy my first home
Buying a house can be one of life's biggest investments.We can help you every step of the way.
Open a savings account
After a savings account with low fees and great features?
View our list of savings accounts today
Refinance my loan
Looking for a better deal on your home loan? Find out how we can help!
Buy a car
Looking to buy a new car?
We can provide a fully featured loan so you can drive away worry free.
Get a personal loan
Dreaming of a new holiday? wedding? renovations? We are making your dreams happen sooner with our personal loans.
Apply for a card
Looking to have flexible payment options? We have a variety of cards suited to you and your lifestyle.
Insure my belongings
Want to protect your newly purchased property, car, or contents? We have you covered.
Get financial advice
Our Financial Planning service helps you set financial goals and achieve them.
Go on holidays
Travel cards, cash, travel insurance. We have all your financial travel needs covered
Book a Mobile Banking Specialist
Plan my budget
Products
Home Loans
A range of home loans and helpful advice to help you find the right one.
Car Loan
We can help you explore car loan options and choose the right loan for you.
Credit Card
Visa Credit Card with low fees, convenience, security and ease of use.
Personal Loans
Access your money when you need it with our flexible and competitive Personal Loans.
Savings Accounts
Looking for convenient, great value ways to manage and save your money?
For Children & Youth
Learn how to save from a young age with our Young Saver account.
Community Rewards
Do you belong to a sport or community group? Find out how we can assist.
Financial Planning
Our Financial Planning service helps you set financial goals and achieve them.
Insurance
We've teamed up with great insurance providers to offer you peace of mind.
Foreign Exchange
Everything you need to know about planning and financing your dream holiday.
Green Loans
We reward Green initiatives.
Osko and PayID
Business
Business Accounts
Looking for convenient, great value ways to manage and save your money?
Loans
Access your money when you need it with our flexible and competitive Personal Loans.
Your Banking Services
Whether it's online, through our app or at one of our branches, we're here to make your banking easier
MYOB BankLink
Looking for a better deal on your home loan? Find out how we can help!
Xero Feeds
Looking for a better deal on your home loan? Find out how we can help!
About
Become a Member
Make the switch today and experience member owned banking.
Our Story
Established in 1953, Endeavour is a proud member-owned financial institution.
Branches
Use our branch map to locate your most convenient banking branch.
Latest News
Publications
Stay on top with our range of archived newsletters and annual reports.
Disclosures
We comply with the same stringent legal standards as every Australian bank.
Board of Directors
Our Board of Directors is committed to the members of Select Encompass.
Code of Practice
How we deliver on our guarantee to serve our members.
Giving Back
Find out about the Australian Mutuals Foundation
Privacy Policy
We understand how important it is to keep personal information private.
Contact Us
Making it quick and easy for you to get all the help you need.
Supporters
Tools
Forms
Find all the forms your need for our range of our products and services.
Financial Hardship
If you're facing financial difficulty, we may be able to help.
Product FAQs
Find answers to some of the most common questions from our members.
Calculators
Calculate loan repayments, borrowing power and your savings goals.
Banking Help
Help guides to assist with Internet, Mobile and Phone Banking.
Security
We’re committed to provide members with a safe, secure banking experience.
Lost or Stolen Card
Missing your card? You can lock, cancel or order a replacement card.
Branch Locator
Find the RediATM nearest to you. It's fast and simple.
Your Banking Services
Whether it's online, through our app or at one of our branches, we're here to make your banking easier
Digital Wallet
Use your mobile phone to make payWave payments on a device of your choice.
Free Property Report
Contact
Blog
Branch Locator
BSB 611 000
Internet Banking
Internet Banking
Privacy Policy
Share ThisEmailFacebookTwitterLinkedIn
Privacy Policy
As a member-owned financial institution, Endeavour values its members and makes it a priority to keep members' information secure. As a financial institution it is also important to keep members' information confidential. To achieve this Endeavour complies with the Privacy Act 1988, the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) and the Credit Reporting Privacy Code.
The Privacy Act 1988 sets out how financial institutions are to collect, use, disclose and store personal, credit and credit eligibility information. The Privacy Act 1988 also requires Endeavour to have a privacy policy.
Privacy Policy Privacy Notification
Buy your first home
with a smaller deposit
Find out more
Digital Wallet
Use your device to make payments on the go
Find out more
Coronavirus (COVID-19) Support
We're here to help
Learn More
Apply Online Now
Loans & Credit Cards
Savings & Investment
Calculators
Rates & Fees
Hidden Clicker