https://www.decor-rest.com/privacy-policy
Skip to Content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 1, 2019
About us
Decor-Rest Furniture Ltd. (“we” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding the personal information in our custody or control. This Privacy Policy tells you how we collect, use, store, transfer and disclose your personal information. By providing your information, you agree to your personal information being processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.
Information we collect
We collect some information which is not attributable to an identifiable individual. For example, when you visit www.decor-rest.com (the “Website”) the hosting web server will log your computer’s IP address, but not your e-mail address or any other information that identifies you personally.
We may also collect anonymous aggregate information on what pages you access or visit. The aggregate information we collect is used for many different purposes in order to serve you better. Among these purposes are to improve the content of the Website and to provide services such as technical support.
Third Party Services
We may also use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Website.
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having your activity on the Website made available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
Collection of personal information
From time to time we may ask you to provide your personal information, including when you visit the Website, use dealer login, submit an inquiry to us, place an order for our products or services, or engage with us. Our collection of personal information is limited to that which is reasonable under the circumstances, and we only collect your personal information with your consent.
For example, we may collect the following personal information about you:
Full name
Email address
Country of residence
Telephone number
Sales order/production number
How we may use your personal information
We use personal information for the purposes stated or implied at the time of collection, including for the following purposes:
confirming your identity
responding to your inquiries
to meet the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to us
fulfilling orders for our products or services, if applicable and
marketing of our products and services to you, as well as those of our affiliates and third parties.
We may otherwise use your personal information where permissible by law, for example to respond to an emergency, or in the course of an investigation into illegal behavior.
Anti-spam
Where applicable, we will seek your express consent to contact you, including by way of commercial electronic messages. This consent is sought by Decor-Rest Furniture Ltd. and you can contact us at 905.856.5956 or 511 Chrislea Road, Woodbridge Toronto, Ontario, Canada L4L 8N6. You can unsubscribe at any time from receiving commercial electronic messages by following the instructions in the message.
Even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications from us, please be aware that we may still contact you for other purposes. For example, we may contact you to provide communications you have consented to receive, regarding the products or services we provide to you, or if you contact us with an inquiry.
Transfers and disclosures of personal information
We will not disclose personal information to any external organization without your consent unless we are required or permitted to do so by law, including in the event of a corporate amalgamation, reorganization, change of control or sale.
Your personal information may be stored, processed or otherwise used by us, our affiliates or our service providers, both inside and outside of Canada. As a result, that country's courts, governments or law enforcement agencies could obtain disclosure of your information in accordance with that country's laws. Whenever we hire other organizations to provide support services, they will be required to conform to our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance.
Security and retention
We take all reasonable steps to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal information. We protect the personal information within our custody or control with appropriate organizational, technological and physical safeguards.
We store personal information in electronic and physical files that are secure, and our security measures include secure on- and off-site storage, restricted access to records and data processing equipment, password protocols, and encryption and security software. We conduct audits and monitor compliance with our privacy practices.
We only retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. When we no longer are required to retain the information, we will destroy, erase, or deidentify the information. Legal requirements, however, may require us to retain some or all of the personal information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that for which we might otherwise hold.
Children
We do not knowingly collect the personal information of children.
Cookies
We may use "cookie" technology to obtain non-personal information from visitors to the Website. Cookies are pieces of information stored on a user's computer by a website so preferences are remembered on future requests. Pixel tags (also known as web bugs, web beacons, clear/invisible/tracker GIFs) are signals sent from certain websites or e-mails used to pass certain information to our servers to personalize the Website and to track your usage. We do not save personal information on cookies or through use of pixel tags without your permission. Rather, cookies and pixel tags are used to optimize the performance and functionality of the Website, and to personalize the Website for you and present you with content and offers specific to your interests.
Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to accept them or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We do not extract personal information in this process nor do we provide this information to third parties. Cookies allow us to customize your user interface to speed up the navigation process and to make the Website experience more efficient. If your browser is configured to reject cookies, you will not be able to use the features of the Website. When you log in, a cookie can tell us whether you've visited us before or are a new visitor. We may use the cookie to help us identify Website features in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide you with more of what you want.
Third Party Links
The Website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to the personal information that we collect or receive from third parties with your consent and we cannot be responsible for personal information that third parties may collect, store and use, including through their websites. You should always read the privacy policy of each website you visit carefully.
In addition, when you provide to us information on a third-party website or platform, the information may also be collected by the third-party website and may be subject to their privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as we add new products and services, as we improve our current offerings, and as technologies change. If we make a change to this Privacy Policy this will be reflected in the above Last Update date. We encourage you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. If we make any material or substantive changes in this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting a clear and conspicuous notice of these changes on the Website and in this Privacy Policy.
Access, correction and accountability
We will strive to keep our files complete and accurate.
You or a person authorized on your behalf has the right to request to see and obtain a copy of your personal information and to request changes or corrections to inaccurate or incomplete information, if such information is stored or retained by us.
If you have any questions or concerns with respect to your personal information or our privacy practices, you may contact our Privacy Officer at:
Manny Gauba,
Vice President of Finance
T 905-856-5956
F 905-856-2034
E manny@decor-rest.com