http://www.design-matters.co.uk/privacy
WorkServicesContact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Design Matters Ltd. obtains, holds, uses and discloses personal data and how we protect it.Design Matters Limited is committed to only holding personal data that is accurate, adequate, relevant and not excessive.This policy provides further details about how we do this, along with details on how to contact us if required. Collection and Use of personal dataDesign Matters Ltd. collect personal data for a small number of specific reasons, including;1. To enable us to perform our contractual responsibilities for customer support services and/or project delivery2. To enable us to provide quotations for products and services3. To enable us to process orders for products and services, including delivery4. To send informative and relative marketing messages about our and our customer's products and services
Personal Data is processed in relation to bullet points 1, 2 and 3; “Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with the data subject or to take steps to enter into a contract”.
In regard to bullet point 4, Personal Data is processed on the basis of legitimate interest for existing Design Matters Ltd. customers. A customer is defined as an organisation which has had a transaction with Design Matters Ltd. within the last 24 months. For any other organisations, personal data will be processed on the basis of consent. On occasion Design Matters Ltd. will process personal data that is either shared, loaned or acquired from third-party organisations. In these circumstances, Design Matters Ltd. will ensure that the data can legitimately be shared/loaned/sold and use the appropriate basis for the processing of that data in line with any preferences made by the data subject. In all cases, you, as the data subject, have the right to opt-out of receiving any marketing material from Design Matters Ltd. by either selecting the unsubscribe link in any marketing email created and sent by Design Matters Ltd. on behalf of the company or customer organisation or by emailing us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and requesting to be opted-out of receiving any future marketing communications.
For us to be able to carry out the above-mentioned activities we may need to share your data with relevant third parties as follows:– To suppliers to enable us to process quotations for products and services– To vendors to be able to raise support incidents and requests– To third party support organisations where Design Matters Ltd. outsource elements of support or are acting on the customers' behalf– Marketing partners for the purpose of executing Design Matters Ltd. marketing campaigns or customer campaigns
Please be assured that Design Matters Ltd. will never sell or lease personal data to third-party organisations for direct marketing purposes. The types of data Design Matters Ltd. may collect include:1. Personal details, including; name, job title, email, telephone number and address. Usually, the address will be your place of work, however occasionally Design Matters Ltd. may need to know of your home address.2. IP address, if required for resolving support issues or during project delivery services.Design Matters Ltd. will only collect relevant personal data that is required for us to provide you with our services. Normally this data will be obtained directly from you, although we may occasionally use third party marketing services. Where this is the case we will always ensure that the third party marketing agency hold the correct permissions for your data to be used for the intended purpose. Retention and deletion policyDesign Matters Ltd. is committed to ensuring that your data is protected. In order to prevent unauthorised access Design Matters Ltd. has put in place appropriate physical and electronic security to keep your data safe. Design Matters Ltd. will keep your data for an appropriate length of time to enable us to continue providing our services to you, or until such time you withdraw your consent (if consent is the basis for processing). Changes to the privacy policyAny changes to this privacy policy will be published via the Design Matters Ltd. website, www.design-matters.co.uk. It is recommended that you check our website regularly to review the latest privacy policy.
Access to your informationYou may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the following address:Design Matters Ltd 33 Cambridge GardensHastingsEast SussexTN34 1ENOr email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Rights of the Data SubjectDesign Matters Ltd 33 Cambridge GardensHastingsEast SussexTN34 1ENOr email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Payment transactions may be undertaken by third-party service providers and will be encrypted using industry-standard SSL technology. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access online accounts, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Although we make every effort to protect the personal information which you provide to us, the transmission of data over the internet is not completely secure. As such, you acknowledge and accept that we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to the website and that any such transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to prevent unauthorised access.
Third-party websitesThe website may, from time to time, contain links to websites operated by third parties. Please note that this privacy policy only applies to the personal information that we collect through this website and we cannot be responsible for personal information collected and stored by third parties. Third-party websites have their own terms and conditions and privacy policies, and you should read these carefully before you submit any personal information to these websites. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for third party terms and conditions or policies
CookiesCookies are in use on our website. A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the webserver to identify and track the web browser.We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the persistent cookies to enable our website to recognise you when you visit. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.We like other third parties use cookies on our website to help improve user experience. If you wish to control what cookies are set on your desktop or mobile device you can do this by managing your cookies in your browser menu or preference settings of your preferred browser such as Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox and Internet Explorer (source About Cookies http://www.aboutcookies.org.uk/).
Date Last modified 06/05/2020