https://www.fundcount.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
As a financial services company, we believe client privacy and data security are essential to our business. Sensitive information you give us is handled with care. This Privacy Policy provides details regarding what information we collect on you and how it is used.
Collection and Use of Information
FundCount is the sole owner of this site.
We collect information that you provide as part of any registration process on this site to request information, a product demonstration or technical support.
FundCount will not sell, rent, reveal or share your personal information with a third party unless we have your permission to do so or are required by law to do so. We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to advise you of company information, new products and services or changes to this privacy policy. For EU residents, once consent is given, we may contact you via email in the future to advise you of company information, new products and services or changes to this privacy policy.
All our emails contain an unsubscribe link and you may unsubscribe at any time.
In the course of using this site, we automatically track information about your visit.
This includes your IP address, browser type, geographic location, links clicked, information downloaded, pages viewed and links you used to arrive on our site. This information is stored through our analytics system.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of computer code stored on a site visitor's hard drive that enables web servers to identify the visitor. Cookies help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personal information on our site. It is simply an identifier.
You have the ability to delete cookies from your hard drive at any time or avoid cookies by configuring your browser to reject them, or to notify you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive.
Registration
In order to access some information on this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest.
Personal Information. We will not sell, reveal or share your or your clients' personal information to third parties, unless we have your explicit consent or are required to do so by law.
Fund, Family, Managed Accounts data. If we ask you to send your or your clients' accounting data for customer support purposes, we will not sell, reveal or share this data to third parties. There is an option in the software to remove sensitive personal data (partners' names, SSNs, address info, etc.) from the data file before sending to us.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of receiving information from FundCount at any time by contacting us directly or using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of all emails.
Additionally, you may contact us to:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Links
This website contains links to third-party sites.
Please be aware that FundCount is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Contact Information
Questions, comments or complaints regarding FundCount’s Privacy Policy or data collection and processing practices can be mailed to:
FundCount LLC
57 Boston Providence Highway
Suite 205
Norwood, MA 02062
This Privacy Policy was updated May 22, 2018.