https://www.gotpower.com/privacy-policy/
MENUMENUBatteries & Switchgear
Backup System IR ScanUPS MaintenanceSwitchgear Maintenance
Generators
Sales & Installation
Generator Sizing CalculatorWhen Should You Replace Your Generator?
Generator Maintenance
Generator MaintenanceRV Generator Maintenance
Resources
BlogGenerator ResourcesPG&E Power Outage ResourcesGenerator Sizing CalculatorCompliance CalculatorGenerator Video Tips
Rental
Portable Diesel Generator RentalsPortable Solar Generator Rentals
Compliance
Load Bank TestingDiesel Fuel Polishing
Remote Generator MonitoringRemote Stop Switch Installation
Above Ground Tank InspectionRupture Basin Sensor Testing
Truck FleetsIndustrial EnginesContact
Search
Search
Privacy Policy
What Information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, or phone number.. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the ‘do we use cookies?’ section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support)
To process transactions
(Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering he purchased product or service requested.)
To send periodic emails
(The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email for those that are sent out for Marketing purposes.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow)that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser setting. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, as long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sited have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protections Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protections Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act); we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old and older.
Online Privacy Policy only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected though our website and not to information collected online.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes or this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://www.gotpower.com
CD& Power
150 Nardi Lane
Martinez , CA 94553
customersupport@gotpower.com
NEED EMERGENCY SERVICE?
Call 866-468-7697 (24/7)
Copyright © 2020 CD & Power · All Rights Reserved
customersupport@gotpower.com
×