https://www.hungerfordnichols.com/privacy-policy/
Hungerford Nichols
P: (616) 949-3200
Sharefile Client Portal
Open Menu
Open Close
Home
Who We Are
Affiliates
Conn Geneva & Robinson
Awards
Community
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Mission
History
Meet Our People
2020 Interns
Aaron Sal, CPA, MSA
Adriane Schrauben, CPA, MBA
Amy Greiner
Andrea Russel, CPA
Antonio Reyna
Araceli Hurtado
Blarney
Brett Karhoff, CPA, MST
Brian Wisneski, CPA
Cameron Johnson, CPA, MSA
Carla Grant, CPA
Carol Schachermeyer, CPA
Chris Harper, CPA, MBA
Christian Myler, CPA
Cindy Gabriel
CJ Meade
Daniel Boivin
Daniel Harris, CPA, MAC
David DeYoung
Dawn Snyder
Diane Brownell
Doug Schmitt, CPA
Emily Boehle
Emily Crane
Emily Paszkowski, CPA, CFE
Emily Quist
Gary Albert, CPA, MST
Geraldine Vo, CPA
Heather Halligan, MBA
Hillary Mullennix, MBA, SHRM-SCP
Janice Greer
Jaycie Hilaski
Jenn Rogell, CPA, CFE, MBA
Jennifer Bride
Jennifer Onderko, CPA
Jenny VanderBoon, CPA, MBA
Jeremie VanOeveren, CPA, MSA
Jerry Nichols, CPA
Jessica Giddings
Joan Start
Jon Sytsma CPA, MST
Joseph Sterling
Josh Cammenga, CPA
Julie Coleman
June Grady
Kathy Doerr
Katy Felver, MSMSL
Kelly Adame
Kevin Daihl
Krista Koster, CPA, MSA
Lauren Denney, MBA
Lauren Hedglin, CPA
Lesa Petrucci, CPA
Marc Sawyers, CPA
Marcia Graham
Megan Howe, CPA
Melissa Graveling, CPA
Michael Gruennert
Michelle Hoffman
Nate McCorry, CPA
Nicole Wojciakowski
Patricia Seguin
Peggy Murphy, CPA, CGMA
Peter E. Geneva, CPA, MBA
Rachael Koopmans
Richard C. Robinson, CPA
Rick Chrisman, CPA, MST
Robert L. Gerbel, CPA
Ryan Marschke
Ryan Smith
Sally Plachecki
Sally Tran
Sam DeMarco
Samantha Willemstein
Sarah Edwards
Sharon Whipple
Shelbi Adams
Stacie Temple
Stacy Mellema, CPA
Stephen Shira
Steve Triezenberg, CPA, MBA
Sydney Deese
Taylor Boonenberg
Teresa Enders
Terra McMillan
Tessa Keena, CPA
Tom Cripps, CPA
Tom Prince, CPA, MBA
Wendy Morden
Zach Westendorp
What We Do
Tax
Accounting & Auditing
Business Advisory Services
Accounting Solutions
Employee Benefit Plan Audits
Trust & Estate
Succession Planning
Litigation Support
Peer Review
Who We Serve
Closely Held & Family Owned Businesses
Construction and Real Estate
Cannabis Advisory
Healthcare
Manufacturing and Distribution
Not-for-Profit
Professional Services
Retail
School Districts and Municipalities
Transportation
Resources
Pay Here
Calendars
COVID-19 Business Resources
HN Tax Guide
Hungerford Nichols e-Newsletter
Financial Calculators
Online Tax Guides
Careers
Current Openings
Hungerford Technologies Support Engineer
Manager – St. Joseph
Senior Accountant
Senior Accountant – St. Joseph
Senior Audit Accountant – St. Joseph
Senior Tax Accountant – St. Joseph
Senior Tax Manager
Staff Accountant
Staff Accountant
Staff Accountant
Staff Accountant- St. Joseph
Tax Intern
Tax Manager – Grand Rapids
Tax Partner
HN LIT – Leaders in Training
Internship
News & Events
Contact
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIN
Privacy Policy
To our Valued Clients:
Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations. The law requires us (along with banks, brokerage houses, and other financial institutions) to disclose our Privacy Policy to you – which we are more than happy to do. We hope by taking a few moments to read it, that you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure while using it to serve you better.
A. Types Of Information We Collect
We collect certain personal information about you – but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization. We use that information to prepare your personal income tax returns and may also use it to provide various tax and financial planning services to you at your request.
Examples of sources from which we collect information include:
interviews and phone calls with you,
tax return or financial planning organizers, and
financial history questionnaires.
B. Parties To Whom We Disclose Information
As a general rule, we do not disclose personal information about our clients or former clients to anyone. However, to the extent permitted by law and any applicable state Code of Professional Conduct, certain nonpublic information about you may be disclosed in the following situations:
To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.
In the course of a review of our firm’s practices under the authorization of a state or national licensing board or as necessary to properly respond to an inquiry or complaint from such a licensing board or organization.
In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger of all or part of our practice, provided that we take appropriate precautions (for example, through a written confidentiality agreement) so the prospective purchaser or merger partner does not disclose information obtained in the course of the review.
As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, pursue, or defend against the lawsuit, and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record.
To provide information to affiliates of the firm and nonaffiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party which prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed. (Examples of such disclosures include using an outside service bureau to process tax returns or engaging a records-retention agency to store prior year records.)
C. Confidentiality And Security Of Nonpublic Personal Information
Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of our firm, applicable law, our Code of Professional Conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction.
D. Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Thank you for allowing us to continue serving your accounting, tax, and financial planning needs. We value your business and are committed to protecting your privacy. We hope you view our firm as your most trusted advisor and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.
Best regards,
Hungerford Nichols
Effective July 2005
Request for Proposal
Subscribe to Hungerford Nichols Newsletter
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIN
Locations:
Grand Rapids
2910 Lucerne Dr. SE
Grand Rapids, MI
49546
Phone (616) 949-3200
Fax (616) 949-7720
View Map
Greenville
114 North Lafayette St.
Greenville, MI 48838
Phone (616) 754-8888
Fax (616) 754-5281
View Map
St. Joseph
800 Ship St., Suite #108
St. Joseph, MI 49085
Phone (269) 983-0534
Fax (269) 983-7050
View Map
Muskegon
4927 Stariha Drive, Suite A
Muskegon, MI 49441
Phone (231) 798-7500
Fax (231) 798-7599
View Map
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIN
Contact | Request for Proposal | Privacy Policy | Resources
Copyright © 2020 Hungerford Nichols CPAs + Advisors.
2910 Lucerne Drive SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49546 | P: (616) 949-3200 F: (616) 949-7720
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.