https://www.trianglehifi.com/en/privacy-policies/
The Brand
Retour The Brand
Retour Philosophy
History
Manufacture
Sonic signature
Products
Retour High fidelity
Retour Magellan
Signature
Genèse
Esprit Ez
Borea(NEW FINISH)
Plaisir
Subwoofers
Wireless speakers
Retour AIO
Active Series(LIMITED EDITION)
Sensa
Custom install
Retour Secret(NEW)
Accessories
Retour Cables
Speaker Stands
Legacy Range
Retour Legacy products
Buy
Support
Retour Support
Retour Customer Service
Contact
Register
Buy
Support
Support
Customer Service
Contact
Register
Français
English
Deutsch
Privacy policy
This is the privacy policy of www.trianglehifi.com and will be referred to as “We”, “our” and “us” in this Internet Privacy Policy.
By using this site, you agree to the Internet Privacy Policy of this web site (“the web site”), which is set out on this web site page.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify or remove portions of this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. This Internet Privacy Policy is in addition to any other terms and conditions applicable to the web site. We do not make any representations about third party web sites that may be linked to the web site.
We recognise the importance of protecting the privacy of information collected about visitors to our web site, in particular information that is capable of identifying an individual (“personal information”). This Internet Privacy Policy governs the manner in which your personal information, obtained through the web site, will be dealt with.
This Internet Privacy Policy should be reviewed periodically so that you are updated on any changes. We welcome your comments and feedback.
I – Personal Information
Personal information about visitors to our site is collected or stored only when knowingly and voluntarily submitted. For example, we may need to collect such information to provide you with further services or to answer or forward any requests or enquiries. It is our intention that this policy will protect your personal information from being dealt with in any way that is inconsistent with applicable privacy laws.
II – Use of Information
Personal information that visitors submit to our site is used only for the purpose for which it is submitted or for such other secondary purposes that are related to the primary purpose, unless we disclose other uses in this Internet Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. Copies of correspondence sent from the web site, that may contain personal information, are stored as archives for record-keeping and back-up purposes only. Information such as email addresses or any other personal information is never sold, traded or given away.
III – Links to other sites
We provide links to Web sites outside of our web site, as well as to third party Web sites. The content of these linked sites are not under our control, and we cannot accept responsibility for the conduct of companies linked from our website.
IV – Problems or questions
If we become aware of any ongoing concerns or problems with our web site, we will take these issues seriously and work to address these concerns. If you have any further queries relating to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please contact us.
V – Use of TRIANGLE AIO App
For our application software to provide the best user experience, the application will need the following permissions from users’ mobile phones:
1. LOCATION: application software needs permission to read and access user mobile device’s IP address, and use this IP address to complete the paired connection with the speaker. When accessing this information, the software guarantees that this information will not be saved locally or uploaded to a web server
2. STORAGE: the software will need access to local music on user’s mobile device for local music playback, also use this permission to apply some of the parameters to the local, these operating parameters do not contain information about user privacy. In the use of this authority, the software also ensure that the user will not design the privacy of the data stored locally or uploaded to the network server.
3. PHONE: the software uses this permission to read the device ID used to register an iHeartRadio account and upload the ID to iHeartRadio’s server. This software guarantees only the device ID will be uploaded. No other user data will be uploaded.
Get our last news and exclusive informations about our products
Subscribe
Where can I find my serial number ?
Serial number is at the back of your product.
Serial number maybe like this :
18-TEC20-I-0001
This site uses cookies to provide you with a great user experience. By using our website, you accept our cookie policy.  More details