https://www.thetechtrader.com/privacy-policy
Email Permission & Privacy Statement
TheTechTrader.com
PRIVACY POLICY
TheTechTrader ( “TTT,” “us,” or “we”) recognizes that the privacy and security of your
Personal Information
(as defined more fully below) is important to you.
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) discloses the privacy practices of TTT for
TheTechTrader website
and any other website affiliated with TheTechTrader that links to this Site (each, the
“Site”) and related
Subscription Services we may offer to you (“Services”). It also addresses how we use, manage and
protect Personal Information
and other information that we receive or collect about you. Please read the information below
carefully.
You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is intended to be read in conjunction with the
TTT Terms and Conditions, and that by accessing or using the Site or our Services, you
agree to be bound by the TTT Terms and Conditions and agree with and accept this Privacy
Policy, and any amendments thereto.
IMPORTANT: BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE AND/OR OUR SERVICES,
YOU CONSENT AND AGREE
TO THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF TheTechTrader AND THE OTHER TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING THE
WARRANTY AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS
AND OTHER TERMS ON OUR TheTechTrader TERMS AND CONDITIONS PAGE, AND YOU
AGREE THAT ALL PERSONAL
INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT TO US OR WHICH WE COLLECT FROM YOU THROUGH YOUR USE OF THIS SITE OR THE
SERVICES MAY BE PROCESSED
BY US IN THE MANNER AND FOR THE PURPOSES DESCRIBED HEREIN. PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE OR OUR
SERVICES IF YOU DO NOT
AGREE TO THE FOREGOING.
SPECIAL MESSAGE TO PERSONS IN THE EU, SWITZERLAND, THE UK, AND ELSEWHERE
OUTSIDE THE U.S.:
OUR SERVERS AND DATABASES ARE LOCATED IN THE UNITED STATES. REGARDLESS OF THE COUNTRY IN
WHICH YOU RESIDE OR FROM WHICH YOU ACCESS THIS SITE,
BY SENDING US YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, USING OUR SITE OR SERVICES OR CREATING USER
CONTENT, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER TO, PROCESSING, AND
STORAGE BY TheTechTrader OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND USER CONTENT IN THE UNITED STATES AS
NECESSARY TO PROVIDE OUR SERVICES AND AS
STATED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We recognize that individuals (“data subjects”) subject to the protections of the EU
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)1
have specific rights provided by the GDPR related to their Personal Information, including,
subject to certain exceptions: (1) the right to be
informed regarding the collection and use of your personal information; (2) the right of
access; (3) the right to correction; (4) the right
to erasure; (5) the right to restrict processing; (5) the right to data portability; (6) the
right to object; and (7) rights in relation to
automated decision-making and profiling2. If you are an individual “data subject”
subject to the protections of the GDPR and would like to
assert those rights with regard to your Personal Information processed by TheTechTrader, you may
contact us at
privacy@thetechtrader.com.
We will respond to your inquiry within 30 days.
Children’s Privacy
This Site is not targeted toward, and we do not seek or desire to collect information from,
children under the age of 13.
We will not knowingly request information from persons under such age. You agree not to provide
any Personal Information
to us related to any child under the age of 13.
Types of Information We Collect
In order to better provide you with the various features and functions of our Site and our
Services, we collect the following
types of information about our users:
Personal Information3: This refers to information that lets us
know the specifics of who you are,
sometimes referred to as personally identifiable information. When you engage in certain
activities on this Site,
such as registering for an account, downloading content made available to you, purchasing or
subscribing to our Services,
submitting content and/or posting content to a forum or blog (subject to the “Blog or Forum
Posts” below), or sending
feedback, we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. Examples of Personal
Information, include,
but are not limited to, your first and last name, email address, mailing address (including
zip code), telephone/facsimile
numbers, and other identifying information, including the credit card number we may ask you
to provide when you
establish an account or subscribe to our Services.
Aggregate Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a
specific individual. We
gather certain information about you based upon where you visit on our Site and what other
sites may have directed
you to us. This information, which is collected in a variety of different ways, is compiled
and analyzed on both
a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include a website’s Uniform
Resource Locator (“URL”) that
points to the website you came from, which URL you go to after visiting our Site, what
browser you are using, and
your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.
How We Collect and Use Information
We do not collect any Personal Information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us.
However, you may be required
to provide certain Personal Information to us when you elect to use certain Services available
on the Site. These may
include: (a) registering for an account; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us
or one of our partners;
(c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message;
(e) submitting a form
or transmitting other information by telephone or letter; or (e) submitting your credit card or
other payment information
when ordering and purchasing Services. When processing certain information, such as payment
information with affiliated
banking institutions or payment processors, we encrypt the transaction, using Secure Socket
Layer (“SSL”) encryption
technology, in order to help prevent your Personal Information from being stolen or intercepted.
Additionally, your
credit card information is encrypted and stored on a restricted-access database and only
accessible by authorized personnel.
We will primarily use your Personal Information to provide Services to you. We will also use
certain forms of Personal
Information to enhance the operation of our Site, improve internal marketing and promotional
efforts, statistically
analyze Site use, improve our Services, and customize the Site’s content, layout, and services.
We may use Personal
Information (e.g., your email address) to deliver information to you and to contact you
regarding your account and other
matters. We may also use your Personal Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems,
and enforce our agreements
with you, including, but not limited to, our TheTechTrader Terms and
Conditions and this Privacy Policy.
TheTechTrader or its advertising partners (“Advertising Partners”) may collect certain Aggregate
Information. For example, we
may use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software or hardware, and/or to
gather demographic
information. Our Advertising Partners may also provide us with aggregate, but not individual,
reports that will tell
us how many advertisements were presented and clicked upon at our Site.
Cookies
Depending on how you use our Site, we may store cookies on your computer in order to collect
certain aggregate data about
you and to customize certain aspects of your user experience. A cookie is a small data text file
stored on your computer
that uniquely identifies your browser. Cookies may also include more personalized information,
such as your IP address,
browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the area code and zip code associated
with your server, and your
first name to welcome you back to our Site. We may use cookies to perform tasks such as:
monitoring aggregate site usage
metrics, storing and remembering your passwords (if you allow us to do so), storing account and
advertising preferences
that you have set, and personalizing the Services we make available to you.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse
all cookies or to indicate
when a cookie is being sent. However, some aspects of the Site may not function properly if you
elect to disable cookies.
Most popular Internet browsers (e.g., Edge, Firefox, Safari, Chrome) offer a “do not track”
feature which, if activated
by the user, sends a signal to the website that the user does not want his or her activities on
the website to be tracked.
As of the date of this Privacy Policy, an industry-wide standard for “do not track” technologies
does not exist.
Accordingly, TheTechTrader cannot guarantee that the technology underlying its Website will recognize or
respond to users’ “do not track”
signals. However, TheTechTrader does not use cookies or other means to track your browsing behaviors other
than in aggregate form,
as described above, and not including any Personal Information.
Release of Information
We will not sell, trade, or rent your Personal Information to others. We do provide some of our
Services through contractual
arrangements made with affiliates, service providers, partners and other third parties
(collectively “Service Partners”).
We and our Advertising Partners or Service Partners may need to use some Personal Information in
order to perform tasks
between our respective websites, or to deliver Services to you. For example, we must release
your credit card information
to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for Services purchased on this Site; release your
address information to the
delivery service to send any products you may order; and provide order information to third
parties that help us provide
customer service.
The use of your Personal Information by our Service Partners is governed by their respective
privacy policies and by their
contractual obligations to TheTechTrader. We obligate our Service Partners to protect your Personal
Information that we provide
to them in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. However, when you leave our Site or
Service and visit another
website or log in to that site’s service, you will be subject to the privacy policies and data
collection, use and disclosure
practices and other terms and conditions of the operators of that site, over which TheTechTrader has no
practical control. Except
as otherwise stated herein, this Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of
information TheTechTrader collects from
you or which you provide to us.
Occasionally, we may be required by law enforcement or judicial order to provide Personal
Information to the appropriate
governmental authorities. In such cases, we will disclose Personal Information upon receipt of a
court order, subpoena,
or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with law enforcement
agencies in identifying
those who use our Services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law
enforcement agencies any activities
that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. Please see the “Compliance with Legal
Requirements and Corporate Transactions” below.
We may also provide Aggregate Information about our customers’ sales, traffic patterns, and
related Site information to
third party advertisers, but these statistics do not include any Personal Information.
Updating and Correcting Information
You have the ability to access and edit the Personal Information that you have provided us. You
may change any of your
Personal Information in your account online at any in accordance with instructions posted
elsewhere on this Site.
You may also access and correct your Personal Information and privacy preferences by emailing or
writing to us.
Please see the “Contacting TheTechTrader” section below:
We encourage you to promptly update your Personal Information if it changes. You may ask to have
the information on
your account deleted or removed. However, some information, such as past transactions, logs of
technical support calls,
or other information may not be deleted. In addition, if you wish to remain a subscriber to our
Services, we will need
to retain those elements of your Personal Information necessary to support an active account,
such as contact information
and financial and payment information (e.g., credit card). Under any circumstances, as is the
case with virtually all
information stored in digital form, it may be impossible to completely delete your information
without some residual
information retained in data backups.
User Choices on Collection and Use of Information
We may, from time to time, contact you by phone, email, or text message, regarding offers or
information concerning
products or services that may be of interest to you, whether offered by us, our affiliates or
our business partners.
Only TheTechTrader, its affiliates or their respective personnel or agents working on their behalf, will
send you the offers or
information, and only if you have previously indicated that you wish to receive them. If after
opting in you do not
want to continue to receive offers or information from us, you can “opt-out” by accessing and
editing your account online.
In addition, you have options with respect to cookies as described above. Most browsers allow you
to set cookie preferences,
such as electing to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all
cookies. If you choose
to reject all cookies some parts of the Site may not work properly.
Security of Your Personal Information
TheTechTrader takes reasonable steps to protect your personal data against unauthorized or unlawful
processing and against accidental
loss, destruction or damage, using appropriate technical or organizational measures. For
example:
We work hard to ensure that the data we collect is reliable, accurate, complete and current.
The elements of our
Site and Services which permit the communication of Personal Information provide for
encrypted transmission of such information.
We limit access to Personal Information only to specifically authorized employees,
contractors and agents who
have a reasonable need to access it. For example, we may provide members of our technical
support team with
limited access to your account in order to allow them to troubleshoot problems you may be
having with the Site
or our Services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be
subject to discipline,
including, but not limited to, termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet
these obligations.
Additionally, we also employ a number of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to
protect Personal
Information. Our servers and datacenters are protected by industry-standard encryption, and
our servers reside
behind firewalls and employ high-level password protection.
Finally, we allow you to access all of your Personal Information (for additional security,
we display to you
only the last four digits of your credit card information), through a unique password and
customer ID selected
by you. These log-in credentials are encrypted during transmission and at rest. We recommend
that you do not
divulge your password to anyone (you are responsible for all activity that occurs under your
customer ID and password).
In order to most effectively serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are
handled by established
third-party banking institutions and processing agents (e.g., PayPal). They receive the
information needed to verify
and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order.
Use of these third
party services will be governed by their posted terms and conditions and privacy policies.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed
to be 100% secure.
As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that: (a)
there are security and
privacy limitations inherent to the Internet, which are beyond our control; and (b) the
security, integrity, and
privacy of any and all information exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be
guaranteed.
Data Retention
Except to the extent prohibited by law, and subject to this Privacy Policy and the TheTechTrader Terms and
Conditions, if you are
a subscriber to our Services, we will retain and use your Personal Information for as long as
your account is active,
as needed to provide you the Services, to document our business relationship with you, and as
necessary to comply with
our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you are a subscriber and
wish to cancel your
account or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you our Services,
please contact us at
support@thetechtrader.com and as otherwise
provided
in the TheTechTrader Terms and Conditions. If you are not a subscriber
to our Services, we will retain your Personal Information for as long as we deem necessary for
legitimate business purposes,
subject to your contrary instructions provided to us in writing. Personal Information no longer
retained by TheTechTrader will be
disposed of or destroyed in a reasonable manner intended to prevent loss, theft, misuse, or
unauthorized access.
Sensitive Personal Information
We have no need for any sensitive Personal Information from you in order to provide our Service,
and we take no steps
to collect it. Sensitive Personal Information means data consisting of racial or ethnic origin,
political opinions,
religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data,
data concerning health or
data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation. You agree not to provide any
sensitive Personal Information to us.
Compliance with Legal Requirements and Corporate Transactions
In addition to our rights stated elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and notwithstanding anything to
the contrary stated
herein, TheTechTrader reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information as we believe to be
necessary or appropriate:
(a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with
legal process; (c) to
respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government
authorities outside your
country of residence, for national security and/or law enforcement purposes; (d) to enforce our
TheTechTrader Terms and Conditions;
and (e) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Additionally, in the event
of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of
all or any portion of
our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar
proceedings), we may transfer
the Personal Information we have collected to the relevant third party.
Blog or Forum Posts
You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose or post Personal Information (e.g., name,
age, mailing address,
or email address) in discussion forums or blogs or other areas of our Services which are by
their nature accessible
by other users, that information, along with any information disclosed in your communication,
can be collected and
used by third parties in ways that are beyond the control of TheTechTrader. While our TheTechTrader Terms and
Conditions govern the
activities of all users of our Service, TheTechTrader is not responsible for what those other users may do
with the information
you voluntarily post, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to such information. Please consult
our TheTechTrader Terms and
Conditions for our Site Conduct policies.
To request removal of your Personal Information or postings from our blog or discussion forums,
please contact us as
described in the “Contact TheTechTrader” section below. In some cases, we may not be able to
remove your Personal
Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about
significant changes in
the way we treat Personal Information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified
in your account, by
placing a prominent notice on the Site, and/or by updating this Privacy Policy as posted on the
Site. Your continued
use of the Site, and/or our Services available through this Site after such modifications, will
constitute your acceptance
of the modified Privacy Policy.The preceding paragraph shall take precedence over Section 14.9
(Entire Agreement) of the TheTechTrader
Terms and Conditions or any other term having a similar intent or effect.
Contact TheTechTrader
If you have any questions, concerns or inquiries about our Privacy Policy, or any aspect of our
use of your Personal
Information, please contact us at: privacy@thetechtrader.com.
You can also reach our Privacy Compliance Officer
by sending written correspondence to:
TheTechTrader
A Publication of AdviceTrade, Inc.
2110 Artesia Blvd., Suite #646
Redondo Beach, CA. 90278
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer
Email: privacy@thetechtrader.com
Please include your name, address, and/or email address when you contact us.
FOOTNOTES
(1) See
http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/EN/TXT/PDF/?uri=CELEX:32016R0679&from=EN and
https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection_en.
(2) See Articles 12-22, GDPR.
(3) If you are an individual “data subject” subject to the protections of the GDPR, the term
“Personal Information,” as used in this
Privacy Policy, shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural
person, i.e., a “data subject,” which means
an identifiable natural person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by
reference to an identifier such as a name,
an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific
to the physical, physiological, genetic,
mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
15 DAYS
FREE
NO CREDIT
CARD REQUIRED!
JOIN HARRY'S LIVE TRADING ROOM
The most dynamic stock trading community online!
Previous or current members login here.
Please provide a valid first name.
Please provide a valid last name.
Please provide a valid email.
Please provide a valid pass word.
Sign Up for FREE Now!
1 Free Trial per Person. By signing up you agree to our terms.
You will receive access to our Trading Room, plus account-related emails and our e-newsletter
containing news, updates &
promotions from TheTechTrader.com and our publisher AdviceTrade. You can withdraw your consent at
anytime. See our privacy policy.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google
privacy policy and
terms of service apply.
Testimonials
Out of all the trade signals and alert programs out there, this one is by far the best!
"David D."
Email
2020-06-03
Once again - this site pays for a year of itself in a single day.
Many thanks HB!
""MJK""
Trading Room
2020-06-30
Glad to be back in the best day trading/swing room ever!!!
Harry ...your energy
dedication and technical skills are boundless.
"7DiamondsSarah"
Trading Room
2020-07-16
"In the 3 weeks that I've been following you, I've turned my $93,843 into $118,379. I've learned a tremendous amount: channel trading, not chasing stocks, taking profits when I can, setting stops, making (and protecting!) money."
"Swan"
Message to Harry
2020-05-01
I truly applaud the absolutely immeasurable knowledge, commitment, dedication, and enthusiasm you bring to your website.
Extremely well done and best seen to date--by far!
"Danny A."
Email
2019-11-15
Since subscribing to your service, I live a dream life. I have officially made close to 3 million dollars over the past 18 months.
AND I DO IT ALL DROM THE BEACH!
"ORCA"
Trading Room
2018-06-02
The members knowledge shared and discussed today are a big part of my this is the greatest trading chat room on this earth! Of course HB's brilliant chart work and guidance is second to none!
Feeling grateful!
"Slider"
Trading Room
2018-06-09
Shortly after reading your book and being present in the chat and the webinars I saw huge success in trading due to your bluntness in your live streams and knowledge bestowed upon me from your chat.
I've made roughly around 15,000 this year and I'm only nineteen so grateful for you harry you helped escape the rate race.
""Antonio""
Message to Harry
2019-12-19
I made $80,000 in one day with you and followed it up with a $120,000 day.... you are fantastic!
""alps""
Email
2017-12-31
The Tech Trader community feels like home. You set a high bar and push each us to be better traders every day. Your guidance, insights, videos and coaching are invaluable. I am a better trader for having joined your community.
I will sharing my experiences and recommending your services in an upcoming video series on great teachers. I hope to help others find their way to a teachers like you who genuinely care and give value in a multitude of ways every day.
""Andrea1""
Message to Harry
2020-02-07
Send
History