http://www.parrs.co.uk/secure-site-privacy-policy-i39
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
free delivery on all orders
CALL:
01527 585777
Free
delivery (uk mainland)
3 year
guarantee
Home
Secure Site/Privacy Policy
Secure Site
PARRS take online security very seriously and we guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be 100% safe and secure. When you place orders or access your personal account information, you're utilising secure server software SSL, which encrypts your personal information before it's sent over the Internet. SSL is one of the safest encryption technologies available.
None of our customers has reported fraudulent use of a credit or debit card as a result of purchases made with us. We are so confident about the transaction security we offer on our site that we back every purchase with a security guarantee. Please click on the secure site padlock for verification.
Privacy Policy F. Parr Limited (‘Us’, ‘Our’ and ‘We’) is a private limited company located at Merse Road, Redditch, Worcestershire B98 9PL. We are a distributor of Equipment for the Workplace, including, but not exclusively, sack trucks, steps, storage equipment, packaging, personal protective equipment and facilities equipment.
This policy describes our procedures for acquiring, holding and using personal information.
We define Personal Information as any information relating to a person identifiable from that information. Information included are first name, surname, email address, business address and telephone number.
F. Parr Limited complies with all relevant statutory requirements relating to personal information including The General Data Protection Register (GDPR),  and the Data protection act 1998.
We process all Personal Information lawfully and all employees who have access to personal information are required not to divulge any personal information held by the company to third parties.
Our GDPR data audit identifies the following areas when it is necessary to gather and hold personal information: Product enquiries, Quotations, Pro-forma invoices, order processing, catalogue requests, invoicing and despatching goods, contact for after-sales and statements.
No personal information will be gathered by Parrs for users accessing and browsing our website; www.parrs.co.uk
We only collect personal information that we believe is appropriate and necessary for us to provide you with the correct service.
We will only hold personal information that is required for us to offer the product for which it has been collected. Should you choose the option not to receive marketing communications from us, you can, at any time, withdraw your consent.
We will send you marketing information when we believe that there is a legitimate interest in our products or services or when you have actively opted in online. We define legitimate interest as a previous purchase (or purchases) from us, made a purchasing enquiry or closed your browser with items in your shopping basket. Parrs products relate to Health and Safety requirements and therefore our communications can keep you informed of current legislation and best practice in the areas of Manual Handling, Working at Height and general Health and Safety at work.
?
Top