http://www.phillipsfoods.com/privacy-policy
Skip menu to read main page content
100+ Years on the Water
SustainabilityContactFoodserviceSeafood Shipping
Grocery ProductsCrab MeatCrab & Seafood CakesAppetizersSoupsBreaded FishPasteurized ProteinsSauces & SpicesRecipesTips & TricksOur StoryRestaurantsWhere to Buy
Where to buy
Grocery ProductsWhere to BuyRecipesOur StoryRestaurantsTips & TricksContactSeafood ShippingFoodservice
Thai Style Seafood Burgers
Anchored in Maryland since 1914
Maryland is famous for crabs, and Phillips is the premier restaurant for award-winning crab cakes!
View Our Locations
From the Shore to your door
Phillips makes it easy to receive quality seafood from the name you've come to trust.
Seafood Shipping
Privacy Policy
At Phillips, we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Policy explains when and why we collect personal information about people who visit our website, how we use it, the conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we keep it secure.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes. By using our website, you’re agreeing to be bound by this Policy. Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to: comments@phillipsfoods.com
WHO ARE WE?
Phillips Foods and Seafood Restaurants, are family owned and operated restaurants and seafood processing companies. Our registered address is 3761 Commerce Drive, Suite 413, Baltimore, MD 21227
HOW DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU?
We obtain information about you when you use our website, for example, when you contact us about services or if you register to receive our coupons or website offers.
WHAT TYPE OF INFORMATION IS COLLECTED FROM YOU?
The personal information we collect might include but is not limited to your name, email address, IP address, and information regarding what pages are accessed and when.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
The basis we use as consent for the processing of your data is, by your interactions with our website and company we believe you are showing a legitimate interest in our services and content.
We may use your information to:
•	Send you our relevant marketing materials. Each email will include a simple unsubscribe link for you to opt out if you wish.•	Carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into by you and us;•	Re-marketing across trusted websites, including but not limited to Google Ads•	Target relevant ads to you through social media channels, including but not limited to; Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn•	Seek your views or comments on the services we provide;•	Notify you of changes to our services and policies;
We review our retention periods for personal information on a regular basis. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as the terms set out in any relevant contract you hold with us. If you unsubscribe from our newsletter we may retain your data on a suppression list to ensure you do not receive future emails.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION?
We do not sell or rent your information to third parties. We do have Third Party Service Providers, agents, subcontractors and other associated organizations working on our behalf who may store or process your information for the sole purpose of providing relevant services to Phillips or you the end user. However, when we use third party service providers, we disclose only the personal information that is necessary to deliver the service and we have contracts in place that requires them to keep your information secure and not to use it for their own direct marketing purposes. Please be reassured that we will not release your information to third parties for their own use, unless you have requested us to do so, or we are required to do so by law, for example, by a court order, or for the purposes of preventing fraud, or other crime.
THIRD PARTY PRODUCT PROVIDERS WE WORK IN ASSOCIATION WITH:
We work closely with various third-party product providers to bring you a range of quality and reliable services. When you enquire about or purchase one or more of these services, the relevant third-party product provider will use your details to provide you with information and carry out their obligations arising from any contracts you have entered into with them. In some cases, they will be acting as a data controller of your information and therefore we advise you to read their Privacy Policy. These third-party product providers will share your information with us which we will use in accordance with this Privacy Policy. At the time of this publication we use Fishbowl and MailChimp for our email marketing campaigns. We reserve the right to change providers in the future.
YOUR CHOICES:
You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive direct marketing communications from us about our services, then you can use the unsubscribe link in each email communication or contact us to be removed. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email, phone or text message unless you have given your prior consent, or we believe that there is a legitimate interest. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us by email: comments@phillipsfoods.com or telephone on 443-263-1200.
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information Phillips holds about you. You also have the right to request for us to delete your account or ask us to delete specific information. Phillips may keep some information after you ask us to delete your account, including when we’re required to by law, or if there are outstanding issues related to your account.
USE OF “COOKIES”:
Like many other websites, the Phillips website uses cookies. “Cookies” are small pieces of information sent by an organization to your computer and stored on your hard drive to allow that website to recognize you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. For example, we use cookies to store your country preference. This helps us to improve our website and deliver a better more personalized service. It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES:
Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organizations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access those using links from our website. In addition, if you linked to our website from a third-party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third-party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third-party site.
13 OR UNDER:
We are concerned with the privacy and protections of children aged 13 or under. If you are aged 13 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
TRANSFERRING YOUR INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF EUROPE:
As part of the services offered to you, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the EU. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU to provide you with those services.
Sign up and save!
Subscribe to the Phillips Seafood E-Club
Be the first to receive details on recipes, cooking tips and our newest grocery product info.
Sign Up Today
The Phillips Family
Bringing the culinary traditions and welcoming hospitality of Maryland's Eastern Shore.
Dine In
Find a restaurant near you.
Find a location
Grocery Products
Retail products in your local grocer.
View our products
Shop
From the shore to your door.
Seafood shipping
Phillips Foods, Inc.
3761 Commerce Drive, Suite 413
Baltimore, MD 21227
Grocery ProductsRecipesTips & TricksOur StoryRestaurants
FoodserviceSustainabilityContactShop
Media & PressE-ClubJobsSales Portal
100+ Years of Seafood
© 2020. All rights reserved.Terms & Conditions. Privacy Policy.
Made @ Mission
Media & PressE-ClubJobsSustainability
100+ Years of Seafood
Phillips Foods, Inc.
3761 Commerce Drive, Suite 413
Baltimore, MD 21227
The Phillips Family
Bringing the culinary traditions and welcoming hospitality of Maryland's Eastern Shore.
Dine In Restaurant Locations
Find Products Grocery Products
Shop Online Seafood Shipping
© 2020. All rights reserved.Terms & Conditions. Privacy Policy.
Made @ Mission
This website uses cookies to ensure you have the best user experience. By continuing to use this website, you authorize us to do so. To learn more, view our Privacy Policy.
I Agree