http://www.pensar.com/privacy/
Skip to content
(Last revised June 1, 2017)
By visiting and using the Platform, you consent to and agree to abide by this Privacy Policy and our other Rules and Policies, including but not limited to the following terms, conditions and policies which are incorporated by reference herein for all purposes:
Privacy Policy
Limitations on Liability; Dispute Resolution
General Terms and Conditions
Our Privacy Policy and explains how your information is collected and used. You acknowledge and consent to our use of your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Data Collected From You. We may receive, store, and processes information that you provide when using our Platform, including:
information you submit to the Platform, such as data you provide when you request further information from us through any of our contact forms; and
all correspondence or communications with us, in any form or medium.
Information from Third Parties. We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect about you through our Platform with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities regarding our services that we believe may be of interest to you.
Internet/Mobile Data and Metadata. When you use the Platform, we may receive, store and process a variety of information about your location (e.g. IP address, GPS coordinates), your device (e.g. make, model and specifications of your device, OS, UDID), metadata (e.g. time, date and location) and other similar data, to the extent sent by your computer or mobile device or generated as part of the data communications with the Platform.
Tracking Technologies.  We may use cookies, tracking pixels, embedded scripts and other similar tracking technologies on the Platform and may, without further consultation with you, permit our partners to do the same. We track your activities if you click on advertisements for our services on third party platforms such as search engines and social networks, and use analytics to track what you do in response to those advertisements.
Advertising. Pensar does not currently offer targeted advertising through the Platform, though we reserve the right to do so or allow our partners to do so in the future without further consultation with you. We do not currently support any browser-based Do Not Track (DNT) settings or participate in any DNT frameworks, and we do not assign any meaning to any potential DNT track signals you may send or alter any of our data collection or use practices in response to such signals.
Use of Collected Data.  We use and process data we collect, including Personal Information, for the following uses:
to enable you to access and use the Platform;
to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Platform, our business, and our users’ experience, such as to perform analytics, conduct research, and for advertising and marketing;
to help create and maintain a trusted and safer environment on the Platform including detection and prevention of fraud, unauthorized access or activities, intrusion, and service interruption;
to send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested by you;
where we have your consent, to send you our newsletter, marketing and promotional messages and other information that may be of interest to you; and
to comply with our legal obligations or requests from law enforcement agencies, to resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and to enforce our agreements with third parties.
Use of Communications. We will review, scan, or analyze your communications made via the Platform or with us for fraud prevention, risk assessment, legal/regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research and customer support purposes. We may also scan, review or analyze messages for research and product development purposes to help make search and user communications more efficient and effective, as well as to improve our service offerings.
Opting Out. You will be able to unsubscribe or opt-out from receiving certain marketing and promotional messages and communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in any promotional email we send to you.
Disclosure Required by Law. You acknowledge, consent and agree that Pensar may access, preserve and disclose your information, including all Personal Information, if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) respond to claims asserted against Pensar; (b) to comply with legal process (for example, court orders, subpoenas and warrants); (c) to enforce and administer our agreements with users, such as the Terms of Service; (d) for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, product development and de-bugging purposes; or (e) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Pensar, its users or members of the public.
Disclosure of Aggregated Data.  We may also publish, disclose and use your data and non-Personal Information and aggregate such data and information with other data for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes.
Transfers Upon Major Corporate Events.  If we are a party to any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or bankruptcy or insolvency (“Major Corporate Event”), we may, as part of the transaction, sell, transfer or share some or all of your information, including your Personal Information. Pensar will not sell your Personal Information to any third party outside of a Major Corporate Event.
Security of Your Personal Information. All communication between the Platform and Pensar’ servers is encrypted using 128-bit SSL. We have also sought to use other reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information and other information against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, and no method of storing electronic information, can be 100% secure. Pensar does not guarantee the absolute security of your transmissions to us and of your Personal Information that we store. If you become aware of a security issue, please immediately contact us to provide us with details regarding the security issue. We will work with you to address the security issues you have encountered.
Third Party Websites. The Platform may contain links to other websites not owned or controlled by Pensar. These other websites may place their own cookies, web beacons or other files on your device, or collect and solicit Personal Information from you. These third parties have their own rules about the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information. Pensar encourages you to read the terms of use and privacy policies of other websites and mobile applications that you visit.
International Access. If you are located anywhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including, Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Platform or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.
Notice to California Residents. Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the “Shine the Light” law), Pensar customers who are residents of California may request certain information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information during the immediate prior calendar year to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at our address below.
Questions and Comments. If you’d like to provide feedback to us about any of our Rules or Policies, or if you have any questions, please contact us.
Pensar Development, Inc.
1011 Western Avenue, Suite 1000
Seattle, WA 98104
(206) 284-3134
or you can email us at support@pensardevelopment.com