https://www.meltingpot.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
The following information is a statement explaining our policy regarding any personal information you may supply to The Melting Pot through electronic or physical means.
Introduction
The Melting Pot Restaurants, Inc. (“The Melting Pot,” “Melting Pot,” “we” or “us”) is the owner and franchisor of the Melting Pot fondue restaurants. We also own and operate several websites (e.g. meltingpot.com, shop.meltingpot.com, frontburnerbrands.com and meltingpotfranchise.com) (individually, “Website” and collectively the “Websites”). This privacy notice aims to inform you about how we collect, use, disclose and store information about you in regard to the following:
When you dine at or make a reservation for one of our restaurants
Interact or use our websites
Are a member of Club Fondue
What information do we collect?
We gather various types of information, including information that identifies or may identify you as an individual (“Personal Information”) as explained in more details below.
Information you provide to us:
From Dining or Reservation: We collect any Personal Information required to assign a reservation for you. We may collect other information that you choose to provide, for example, an email address or phone number, so we can contact you. We keep a record of details that pertain to when you dined; for example, the date you dined and the size of your party.
From Websites: We may collect any Personal Information that you choose to provide us; for example, on our “Media Registration” (or similar) online form. We collect any Personal Information that is required to process an online order, such as your name, email address, postal address, and payment information.
We gather various types of information, including information that identifies or may identify you as an individual (“Personal Information”) as explained in more detail below.
From Club Fondue: We collect any Personal Information that requires us to create an account for you; for example, an email address and birthdate, so we can send you email communications and birthday vouchers. The other types of information we collect to customize marketing efforts to you include name, gender, postal address, and phone number. Emails from Club Fondue may tell us whether you have received or opened the email or clicked a link in the email.
Information We Automatically Collect:
From Websites: We collect information about how you use our websites. We may collect information sent by your browser or device to our servers whenever you visit our websites. For example, your browser or device may tell us your IP address, which may tell us generally where you are located, and the type of browser and device you used. When you visit our websites, your browser may also tell us information such as the page that led you to our website and, if applicable, the search terms you typed into a search engine that led you to our website. We may collect information about how you use our websites by using cookies and similar technologies, and we may collect similar information when you are logged in to the website. Depending on the website you use, this information may be anonymous, or it may be associated with you.
Our websites may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services and may collect information about your use of these features, for example, a Facebook "Like" button. When you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view a Melting Pot web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information.
From Online Advertising: We advertise online in a variety of ways, including displaying ads to you on other companies' websites and apps. We may collect information such as which ads are displayed, which ads are clicked on, and on where the ad was displayed.
From Social Networking Pages: We own pages on many social networking sites. We may collect information when you interact with our social networking pages.
How do we use the information?
We use the information we collect about you in several ways, including the following:
Placing, holding, tracking, and communicating a dining reservation as needed
Administering our websites for internal operations, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, statistical and survey purposes
Providing and managing websites to process any services, support, orders, or information requested
Understanding how our websites are being used to improve them and engage and retain users
Tailoring our websites, communications, and advertisements to likely interests
Diagnosing problems in our websites
Reducing fraud and enhancing consumer protection
Conducting market research about our customers, their interests, and the effectiveness of marketing campaigns
Providing national and local email marketing content and offers
What are cookies and how do we use them?
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website, when visited by a user, asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first party cookies.
Depending on which of our websites you are visiting, we may also use third party cookies, which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting. This is for our advertising and marketing efforts, as well as to understand your browsing of the Website, for example, which page you visit or how long you stay on each page.
Google Analytics:
On some of our websites, we also may utilize Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, to better understand your use of the website and services. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the websites, what pages they visit and what other sites they used prior to visiting. Google uses the data collected to track and examine the use of the websites, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the data collected on the websites to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the websites is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.
How do we share information with third parties?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone.
We may share and disclose information (including Personal Information) about our customers in the following limited circumstances:
Vendors, consultants, and other service providers:
We may share your information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who we employ to perform tasks on our behalf. These companies include, for example, our payment processing providers, website analytics companies (e.g., Google Analytics), product feedback or help desk software providers (e.g. ZenDesk), email service providers (e.g., Salesforce), and others.
Business transfers:
We may choose to buy or sell assets, and we may share and/or transfer customer information in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we or our assets are acquired, go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.
Disclosures for National Security or Law Enforcement:
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Information in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our agreements with you and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Melting Pot, our employees, our users, or others.
Is your personal information secure?
We use appropriate technical, organizational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold in our records from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. You can confirm this by noting the small yellow lock which appears on the bottom of your browser window during the checkout process.
We transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company only during order processing. All reporting and order confirmations utilize number masking in accordance with payment card industry data security standards.
Credit card information is stored in our database using triple-DES encryption algorithms, to guarantee that, even if someone were able to gain access to the data, nothing useful could be extracted.
Unfortunately, no company or service can guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of information at any time. You must prevent unauthorized access to your accounts and Personal Information by selecting and protecting any passwords appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Melting Pot cannot ensure or warrant the security of your personal information.
What are your privacy rights?
You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but please be aware some information may be needed to register, process, or take advantage of some of our features and offers.
You can opt-out of receiving certain promotional or marketing communications from us (e.g. Club Fondue) at any time, by using the unsubscribe link in the email communications we send, or by updating your preferences in the profile page if applicable.
How can you exercise your data subject rights?
Attention residents of California or the European Union Only: if you would like to submit a request regarding your Personal Information we hold about you, please fill out this Web Form. Our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible. Residents of California or the European Union may also call 1-877-562-2789 to initiate a request for your Personal Information by phone.
Please note that we may still use any aggregated and de-identified Personal Information that does not identify any individual, and we may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
What about linked websites?
For your convenience, hyperlinks may be posted on our websites that link to other websites. We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Notice does not apply to, the privacy practices of any linked websites or of any companies that we do not own or control. Linked websites may collect information in addition to that which we collect on our Websites. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each website that you visit to understand how the information that is collected about you is used and protected.
Will this Privacy Policy change?
This policy will be periodically reviewed for accuracy and to account for process changes. We encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have a privacy question or concern, please email us at privacy@meltingpot.com.
If you are a California resident or live in the European Union and would like to submit a request regarding your Personal Information we hold about you, please fill out this Web Form. You can also call 1-877-562-2789 to initiate a request by phone.
New:Melting Pot To-Go at Select Locations!
Learn More
X click to close
Visit our facebook pageVisit our twitter pageVisit our youtube-play pageVisit our pinterest pageVisit our instagram page
Sign up to receive email updates from the Melting Pot. Don’t worry, it’s just between us.
Email
Sign Up
×Close
Success!
Exceptional Food Initiative
Gluten-Free Options
Community
History
Press Room
Franchising
All Careers
Accessibility
Contact Us
©
The Melting Pot Restaurants, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap
Have a question? Call 813-881-0055
Home >
Privacy Policy
The Melting Pot Restaurants, Inc.
7886 Woodland Center
Tampa,
FL
33614
United States
Phone:
813-881-0055
Take-Out & Delivery
Reservations
The Experience
Locations
COVID & Social Distancing
Gift Cards & Shop
Get Emails
Get Social
Exceptional Food Initiative
Easter
National Cheese Fondue Day
Valentine's Day
Romance
Thursdate
Community
Donate & Dine
History
Press Room
Franchising
Careers
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Sitemap