https://www.digitalmesh.com/privacy-policy.php
Home (current)
Offshore Software Development
Showcase
Technologies
Services
About Us
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Privacy Policy
In general, you can visit Digital Mesh's websites without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you.
Digital Mesh does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Digital Mesh under extremely strict confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Digital Mesh communicate with you about offers from Digital Mesh and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
We have a parent's permission to share the information if the user is a child under age 13.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Digital Mesh is acquired by or merged with another company.
You may choose to give us personal information, such as your name and address or e-mail id that may be needed, for example, to correspond with you, to download our white papers or to provide you with a subscription. If you tell us that you do not want us to use this information as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information.
We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. To correct inaccuracies in your personal information please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender with details of the correction requested.
Cookies, and other technologies
We sometimes collect anonymous information from visits to our sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit and we also measure visitor activity on Digital Mesh web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information anonymous. Digital Mesh or its affiliates or vendors may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service. We maintain the highest levels of confidentiality for this information, our affiliates and vendors follow the same high levels of confidentiality. This anonymous information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. None of this information is reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner, you can either disable your cookies or opt-out at the download or request page.
Mailers
Digital Mesh may, if you so choose, send direct mailers to you at the address given by you. You have the option to 'opt-out' of this direct mailer by way of links provided at the bottom of each mailer. We respect your privacy and in the event that you choose to not receive such mailers, we will take all steps to remove you from third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to our website. You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. Alternatively you can opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
Digital Mesh Softech India (P) Limited
Unit 1: 43-A, E Block, 2nd Floor,
Cochin Special Economic Zone, Kakkanad,
Kochi - 682037, Kerala, INDIA.
Tel: +91-484-4060200
Fax: +91-484-4060201
info@digitalmesh.com
NAVIGATE
Home
Offshore Software Development
Showcase
Technologies
Services
About Us
Careers
Contact
ABOUT US
The Company
Our Vision
Our Philosophy
Management Team
People Policies
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Blog
© Digital Mesh - All rights reserved
Ready to Start ?
×
Tell us about your project (Step 1 of 2)
Name*
Email Address*
Guaranteed No Obligation Response within 12 Business Hours
We value your privacy and will not share your personal information.
Close
Continue