https://www.reonationwide.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
REO Services
BPO/Appraisal Services
Realtor Application
Forms
Contact
December 11, 2020
Last modified: July 27, 2012
There are many different ways you can use our services – to search for and share information, to communicate with other people or to create new content. When you share information with us, for example by creating a REO Nationwide Inc. account, we can make those services even better – to show you more relevant search results and ads, to help you connect with people or to make sharing with others quicker and easier. As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we’re using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
The choices we offer, including how to access and update information.
Your privacy matters to REO Nationwide Inc. so whether you are new to REO Nationwide Inc. or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions contact us.
Information we collect
We collect information in two ways:
Information you give us.
For example, many of our services require you to sign up for a REO Nationwide Inc. Account. When you do, we’ll ask for personal information, like your name, email address, or telephone number.
Information we get from your use of our services.
We may collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, like when you visit a website that uses our advertising services or you view and interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Device information
We may collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number).
Location information
When you use a location-enabled REO Nationwide Inc. service, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Unique application numbers
Certain services include a unique application number. This number and information about your installation (for example, the operating system type and application version number) may be sent to REO Nationwide Inc. when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers, such as for automatic updates.
Local storage
We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.
Cookies and anonymous identifiers
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a REO Nationwide Inc. service, and this may include sending one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers to your device. We also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services we offer to our partners, such as advertising services or REO Nationwide Inc. features that may appear on other sites.
How we use information we collect
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect REO Nationwide Inc. and our users.
We may use the name you provide for your REO Nationwide Inc. Profile across all of the services we offer that require a REO Nationwide Inc. Account. In addition, we may replace past names associated with your REO Nationwide Inc. Account so that you are represented consistently across all our services.
When you contact REO Nationwide Inc., we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We may combine personal information from one service with information, including personal information, from other REO Nationwide Inc. services – for example to make it easier to share things with people you know.
Accessing and updating your personal information
Whenever you use our services, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong, we strive to give you ways to update it quickly or to delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes. When updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems.
Information we share
We do not share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of REO Nationwide Inc. unless one of the following circumstances apply:
For external processing
We provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
For legal reasons
We will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of REO Nationwide Inc. if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of REO Nationwide Inc., our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
If REO Nationwide Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information security
We work hard to protect REO Nationwide Inc. and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:
We encrypt many of our services using SSL.
We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
We restrict access to personal information to REO Nationwide Inc. employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
Application
Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by REO Nationwide Inc. Inc. and its affiliates, including services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you in search results, sites that may include REO Nationwide Inc. services, or other sites linked from our services. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy.
We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
Client Services…
Call REO Nationwide today to help you with your portfolio!
Our secure online BPO platform enables 24/7 access to order or view your order & status. Click here to login
To register for a password regarding REO Disposition or Valuation services, please call or email today.
For Client Use ONLY, Contact:
REO Nationwide Inc. (888) 700-0868 ext. 326
Return to Homepage
Privacy Policy
Copyright 1998-2015 · REO Nationwide, Inc. · All Rights Reserved.