http://www.cfh.com/policies.html#slavery
Home (current)
About us
About us
Meet the board
Our journey
Accreditations
CSR
Sectors
Local Authorities
Healthcare
Finance
Business Services
Services
Managed Services
Hybrid Mail
E-Delivery
Classic Print
Case Studies
Contact
Search
Policies
Integrity. Passion. Honesty. Responsibility. Our values as a company are important to us. The leadership team at CFH Docmail ensure that they are more than just a simple statement on a website.
Gender Pay Policy
At CFH Docmail we take great pride in being the type of organisation where equality of opportunity and treating people fairly have been at the core of our values for over 40 years...
Download CFH Docmail Gender Pay Policy - 840Kb
Information Security Policy
The Board of Directors and management of CFH Docmail Limited (including Print For Business Limited) are committed to preserving the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all the physical and electronic information assets throughout the organisation...
Download CFH Information Security Policy - 200KB
Quality & Environmental Policy
CFH Docmail Limited (including Print For Business Limited) is committed to the development of its Quality and Environmental Management Systems in order to improve its processes, products and services, meet or exceed the requirements of our customers and reduce environmental impacts...
Download CFH Docmail Quality and Environmental Policy - 180Kb
Data Protection Policy Statement
The Companies are committed to providing clarity in how Personal Data of Customers, suppliers and employees is collected and used, and how our data protection obligations are met.
Download CFH Docmail Data Protection Policy Statement - 180Kb
Privacy Policy
We care about your privacy and we will always endeavour to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) and the Data Protection Act 2018, as amended (“data protection law”) and we will never pass your personal data to third parties except where we are required to do so by law...
Download CFH Docmail Privacy Policy - 240Kb
Modern Slavery Statement
CFH Docmail Ltd has a zero-tolerance approach to modern slavery and we are committed to acting ethically and with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships. We implement and enforce systems and controls to ensure modern slavery is not taking place within our own business or in any of our supply chains...
Download CFH Docmail Modern Slavery Statement - 220Kb
Statement of Investment Principles
This Statement of Investment Principles (SIP) has been prepared by the Trustees of the Continu-forms Holdings plc Life Assurance & Pension Scheme (“the Scheme”) to comply with the requirements of the Pensions Act 1995, as amended, and the Occupational Pension Schemes (Investment) Regulations 2005....
Download CFH Statement of Investment Principles - 270Kb
Get in touch...
Come and visit CFH. Allow us to show off our secure sites, innovative systems and outstanding staff - or let us visit you and your team.
Please contact me by phone
Please contact me by email
Submit »
Search our site...
×
Close