http://www.multicolour.com/help/policies/security.html
Home / Help / Policies / Security Statement
December 11, 2020
Multicolour.com Security Statement
At multcolour.com, complete security for customer transactions is our primary concern. We want you to have as much faith in the security of your
transactions as you do in our products and services.
Overview
Definitions
Website and on-line security
Alternative Peace of Mind
Email Confirmation
Paying by Fax or Phone
Limiting Employee Access
Credit Card Assurance
Overview
This document (Security Statement) has been formulated with the following goal in mind:
To ensure security, reliability and integrity of Mutlcolour Gems's (MULTICOLOUR.COM) systems and network, the systems and network of Mutlcolour Gems's Clients and the network and system of others and to avoid situations that may cause Mutlcolour Gems to incur civil liability
Finally, please note that this policy applies only to Multicolour Gems and Web sites that carry the Multicolour Gems brand, and not to other companies or organisation's web sites to which we are linked to. We have clearly marked Multicolour Gems and these branded Web sites with our logo so you know where this policy applies.
Back to Top
Definitions
"Client": The trader being a company, partnership, sole trader or other organisation or any individual, which undertakes to accept Multicolour Gems
Services.
"Partner", "Affiliate": A third-party organisation that provides Internet development, hosting and/or Internet access services and/or other services to the Multicolour Gems and/or Client.
"Services", "Products": rough and faceted gem stones, carved stones, jewelry, equipment, newsletters other gem stone industry related fields.
Back to Top
Website and on-line
security
Multicolour.com is secured using a
256-bit SSL Certificate. This ensures that in certain areas
we use industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions via the World Wide Web. If any other internet user intercepts the communication he/she will only be able to see it in an encrypted (garbled) form. Certificate technology allows us to decrypt the information, and view it in plain text form.
To view certificate status click the logo on the right hand side. To learn more about Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ), follow this link : www.openssl.org.
The most popular browsers offer the ability to receive an alert or notification if you change between secure and unsecured transmission modes, or if you receive an invalid site identification notice from a site to which you are about to send a message over an "open" or unsecured connection.
Check the settings of your browser security features to see all the options that are available and those that are currently selected. The presence of security measures surrounding the entry of data on a web page is identified in two ways on your browser:
The URL identifying the page will always begin with "https://" versus the normal "http://"
A security symbol to indicate operation in a mode that supports secure transmissions:
Microsoft Internet Explorer displays a "closed lock" icon present in the bottom right-hand corner of your browser screen
Netscape Navigator displays an "unbroken key" icon in the lower left-hand corner of your browser screen
The secure system requires a security-enabled browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer version 2.1 or higher, or Netscape Navigator version 2.0 or higher.
Back to Top
Alternative Peace of Mind
In addition to your browser internet security features, Multicolour.com has incorporated its own series of measures designed to provide enhanced protection.
Off-line Issue
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our user information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Furthermore, all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers information is protected.
Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
Your Password
Choose a password that is at least six characters long. In general, a good password will have a mix of lower- and upper-case characters, numbers,
and should be at least 6 characters long. Unfortunately, passwords like this are often hard to remember and result in people writing them down. Do not write your passwords down! Here are some of the types of passwords that will be picked up by
crackers:
Words from any dictionary, Your user name, Your real name, Your spouse's name,
Abbreviations, Asteroids, Biology, Cartoons, Character Patterns, Machine names, famous names, female names, Bible, male names, Movies, Myths-legends, Number Patterns, Short Phrases, Places, Science Fiction, Shakespeare, Songs, Sports, Surnames
PGP (Pretty Good Privacy)
PGP is the world's defacto standard for email encryption and authentication, with over 6 million users. It is available for non-commercial use only and can be downloaded at: www.pgpi.org
Remember, that in order to communicate, the Public keys must be exchanged. You may get copy of our Public key by writing to
webmaster@multicolour.com
Back to Top
Email Confirmation
We will send you automatic email confirmation of your order. This is your assurance that we have received your transaction.
Back to Top
Paying by Fax or Phone
You always have a choice
to order by telephone or fax. Call us at (662) 233-2108, 233-3821 or fax us at (662) 236-5274, 236-4510. No matter how you place your order with us, we are committed to ensuring you have a rewarding
and secure shopping experience with Multicolour.com
Back to Top
Limiting Employee Access
All Multicolour Gems (multicolour.com)
employees are educated about the importance of security and confidentiality. Only those employees having a business reason for knowing such information have access to personally identifiable and sensitive information.
Back to Top
Credit Card Assurance
Shopping with us is safe, but if you are unlucky enough to experience fraud, Multicolour Gems will reimburse any loss you suffer up to the USD 50 maximum under your credit card company's liability limits. You must, of course, report any fraudulent use of your card to your credit card company in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. Most companies will
either cover all of the fraudulent purchases or hold you liable for a
maximum of USD50.
Should your credit card company discover credit card
fraud and hold you liable for some portion of the unauthorized charges,
there is no need to worry. Provided the purchase was made through our secure
server, Multicolour Gems will reimburse you for the maximum liability of
USD50.
Back to Top
Document Last Revised on : May 05, 2009. 13:39:37 Send questions to: info@multicolour.com.
Search For Help/
Enter Keywords:
Match all keywords
Match any keywords
Enter one or more keywords (i.e payment options).
Multicolour.com Policies/
Legal Notes
Trading Pledge
Security Statement
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Contract
Delivery Insurance
Help Topics/
Searching & Browsing
Ordering Guide
Shipping & Returns
Using My Account
On-Line inventory reports
Learning about gems
Privacy & Security
Frequently Asked Questions
Site Map
Still Need Help?
Top of Page
Help/FAQ
Gemstones for sale:
Alexandrite,
Garnet,
Diamond,
Opal,
Spinel,
Sapphire,
Tourmaline,
Tanzanite,
Tsavorite,
Gemstones by Category:
Calibrated,
Carving,
Closeout,
Mixed Lot,
Pair,
Rough,
Single,
Best Sellers
or Featured
Gemstones.
Gemstone education:
Colored Gemstones Guide,
Gems Library,
Gemstone Treatments,
Gemstone Glossary,
Gems and Astrology,
All trademarks and logos shown herein are the property of their respective owners.
© Copyright Multicolour.com, 1998-2011. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of Multicolour.com Return Policy, Privacy Policy and Trading Guarantee. Published and operated by
David Wein Ltd. 32 Hollywood Road,
Central, Hong Kong Island Hong Kong. Lost? Check site map or resources page.
Site design and maintenance by NetComposite ®.