http://www.qsrmagazine.com/franchising/emerging-franchises-discover-ways-thrive-pandemic-conditions
Skip to main content
Continue to Site
Emerging Franchises Discover Ways to Thrive in Pandemic Conditions
Operators move product in pandemic-friendly ways to stay afloat.
Franchising
|
September 2020 |
Chloe Arrojado
Chicken Salad Chick
Chicken Salad Chick's franchise in Katy, Texas, discovered the power of dropping off pre-ordered food in surrounding communities during the COVID-19 crisis.
It was supposed to be a big year for Chicken Salad Chick. The brand already had 100-plus locations, but planned to open 50 additional stores by the end of 2020—that is, until the pandemic demanded a reassessment.
Chicken Salad Chick is just one of countless emerging restaurant companies that are trading expansion plans for survival strategies. The Alabama-based concept had to ensure that its existing restaurants, which are 70 percent franchisee-operated, could survive under new guidelines.
“Our team immediately had to shift its focus to reacting to all the municipalities and different state ordinances that were being put out,” says Scott Deviney, president and CEO of Chicken Salad Chick.
Corporate has ramped up communication with franchisees to share information about time-sensitive topics like Paycheck Protection Program loans or marketing initiatives. Chicken Salad Chick’s marketing team also sends out nightly marketing recaps, alerting franchisees of media trends like the Great American Takeout or Triple Points Day.
One particular media trend that mutually benefited Chicken Salad Chick and the community was the brand’s donation efforts to healthcare workers. At participating restaurants, customers were able to purchase meals for frontline employees, which were then dropped off at hospitals. Deviney says this business solution could have success beyond the pandemic, as it could be used to apply to teachers and other community members.
The greatest product change was Chicken Salad Chick’s reliance on its grab-and-go platform, Quick Chick. The Quick Chick’s pound and half-pound offerings made it ideal for customers wanting a long-lasting, bulk option. Family-meal packs especially made it a home-friendly choice.
Chicken Salad Chick had to get creative in its off-premises solutions, as over half of its locations don’t have drive thrus. Owners took advantage of their restaurants’ parking lots and set up makeshift drive thrus. As cars came into the parking lot, employees took orders under tents with their tablet POS systems.
“We basically have had these pop-up drive thrus that helped bring in more business, because people see you’re open,” Deviney says. “It’s been interesting to watch all the cars pull up.”
Though Chicken Salad Chick corporate shares ideas and resources with its franchisees, sometimes franchisees come up with their own survival tactics. Franchisees Kathleen and Ron Ram found so much success in their solution that their location placed within the top five Chicken Salad Chicks for sales during the height of COVID-19.
The idea started when their dining room in Katy, Texas, closed. Kathleen took informal orders from her friends and delivered them to their neighborhoods. Soon, word spread and the Rams started doing community drop-offs, where customers pre-ordered their meals and picked it up at predetermined locations.
Ron says as many as 60–70 cars showed up at these drop-off spots. Even in communities they had never visited before, the Rams saw a huge demand for Chicken Salad Chick. Social media—especially Facebook—helped spread awareness and encouraged first-time customers to try the product. Online-ordering forms further facilitated efficiency for potential consumers.
The momentum created from the drop-off phenomenon gave the Rams confidence to open their second Chicken Salad Chick branch in June. It was the first Chicken Salad Chick to open in the pandemic.
“Where there’s a will, there’s a way. If we can do the numbers we did during this, then I feel like we can do anything,” Kathleen says. “When something like this happens, you just have to think outside the box. That’s how we were able to be successful instead of just sitting around.”
While Chicken Salad Chick built itself to weather the COVID-19 storm, other emerging brands had already pivoted for an off-premises future years prior. For Nebraska-based Scooter’s Coffee, the trend for quick, drive thru–focused service has been a long time coming.
“We hung our hat on drive-thru coffee 20 years ago. We actually want to fortify our position in that regard and focus on becoming the best in the world at drive-thru coffee,” says Scooter’s CEO Todd Graeve. “There’s no doubt that the drive-thru model has some strength is something like this.”
Most of Scooter’s 275 stores are drive-thru-only, emphasizing speed and efficiency to keep customers coming back. But one adjustment Scooter’s and other coffee chains had to make was dealing with the changing consumer habits. Despite coffee being a recession-friendly product, many people lost their morning routines, which included a visit to Scooter’s. Graeve says the spike in sales shifted from the morning rush to the afternoon.
To help with staffing and drive more business, Scooter’s is redeveloping its ordering process by exploring new methods of payment, like touchless transactions. The biggest frontier for the company is its mobile app. Graeve says technological developments will have to balance systems that keep the business connected with customers.
“I want to be careful for our leadership team that we don’t allow complexity to disrupt something that’s working, yet being innovative at the same time,” Graeve says.
If emerging franchises can survive the onslaught of the pandemic, there are countless opportunities waiting on the other side. Technological changes and available real estate will attract new franchisees, who will want to work with brands that can thrive during bleak circumstances.
“There’s a number of ways that you can unpack becoming a world-class franchisor,” Graeve says. “It really then comes down to: What are we doing to stay innovative?”
read moreChicken Salad ChickFranchisingScooter's Coffee
Recent News
Papa John’s and MTN DEW Partner for Video Game Showdown
Buffalo’s Cafe Unveils Winter LTO Menu
Bruster’s Real Ice Cream Introduces New Festive Treats
Steak ‘n Shake Launches Merchandise and Apparel Line
Charleys Philly Steaks Opens at American Dream Mall in New Jersey
Santa and the Grinch Get Their Own McDonald's Meals this Holiday Season
Subscribe to A.M. Jolt
The five times weekly e-newsletter that keeps you up-to-date on the latest industry news and additions to this website.
Smart Chain Reports
Pack It Up
Breakfast Boom or Bust?
Speciality Beverages
PCI Compliance
POS Solutions
Safety and Security
Drive-Thru Solutions
Digital Signage
OneSource
Find restaurant equipment and suppliers.
Start Now!
Fast Food
Starbucks Says it Will Have 55,000 Locations by 2030
Wendy’s, Flynn Restaurant Group Head to Mediation over NPC International Sale
How Church’s Protected Brand Standards During a Pandemic
Finance
DoorDash Posts $39 Billion Market Value
Blue Star Donuts Pivots to Off-Premises in Wake of Bankruptcy
10,000 More Restaurants Have Closed in Three Months
Consumer Trends
How Sam Nazarian's C3 is Unleashing the Future of Restaurants
What Will the Fast-Food Experience Look Like in 2021?
Is The Restaurant of the Future Already Here?
Business Advice
When it’s Time to Sell Your Restaurant
The Power of Culture to Pull Your Brand Through Crisis
New Considerations for Catering During COVID-19
Technology
How to Become a Top 10 Global Brand
With Technology and COVID-19, it’s How, Not If for Restaurants
Chipotle Plots Drive-Thru Only Restaurants as Digital Soars
Employee Management
Kat Cole to Leave Focus Brands by End of Year
How to Hire a Good Restaurant Manager
Why a Digital Hiring Mindset Can Attract the Best Talent
Menu Innovations
7 Reasons to Invest in Good Coffee
With Digital Surging, Panera Joins the Pizza Category
McDonald's Happy Meals are Still Getting Healthier
Customer Experience
The Secrets to Wingstop’s Tech Mastery
Why International Markets are Key to Wingstop's Growth Goals
Wingstop’s Blueprint to Becoming a Global Powerhouse
Drive Thru
Optimizing Your Restaurant for the Takeout Boom
Wienerschnitzel’s Drive Thru Rewrites the Record Books
Burger King Owner to Modernize 10,000 Drive Thrus
Franchising
NPC International Cancels Auction for Wendy’s and Pizza Hut Assets
Former Burger King Franchisees Inject Life into Fosters Freeze
How Being 'Intentionally Agile' is Boosting Wingstop
Emerging Concepts
ZaLat Pizza's 'Romantic Mission' Kicks Into Gear
Charleys Philly Steak Parent Preps for Breakout Year
Zaxby’s Dream of Going National Comes Calling
Marketing & Promotions
The Current and Future State of Rideshare Fast-Food Advertising
How National Chains Can Make Local Waves During COVID
How to Create a ‘Culinary Identity’ with Fast-Food Advertising
Restaurant Operations
McDonald’s Invests in Clean Energy that Could Power the Equivalent of 8,000 Restaurants
El Pollo Loco Unveils Evolved Concept to Compete in COVID World
How COVID-19 Made One Emerging Fast Casual Stronger
Health & Wellness
Health and Wellness Brands Find their COVID-19 Purpose
Off-Premises Menu Innovation Has Never Been More Critical
Here’s How Your Brand Should Prepare for COVID-19
Fast Casual
5 Ways Coronavirus Changed My Restaurant for the Better
Juice It Up!'s Refresh Takes a Social Approach
Torchy’s Tallies $400 Million Investment to Spark Growth