http://www.plumtreemortgage.com/privacy.php
Questions?  Get answers.
(503) 493-2353
Sound advice for life.
Home
What We Offer
Mortgages
Advice & Research
Application
Testimonials
Contact
Privacy Policy
Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc. regards your privacy as important. Our privacy pledge demonstrates this commitment. It is written in plain English, and we ask you to read it.
Visitors
We do not collect information on visitors to this site beyond what is ordinarily captured in a web server log. The log information consists of an IP address (which may be used to look up the domain name of the visitor, but no other information about the visitor), and the time of the visit to each page. This information is only used for reporting statistics to the webmaster about traffic to the site, so the performance and effectiveness of the site can be assessed.
Special Cases
It is our policy not to use or share the personal information about visitors of vendors in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to
opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc. may disclose personal information about visitors or vendors, or information regarding their use
of the service provided by Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc., if we believe we have a very good reason to do so, including: to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act,
regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify,
contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Access Terms; to operate the Services properly; or to protect the Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc. partners and customers.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file that is placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites.
Advertising Cookies
You're able to access all of the pages at Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc. for free because this web site is supported by advertising revenue.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address,
or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and
services of interest to you -
goods and services that can solve your problems.
Google is one of these third-party vendors, and uses cookies to serve ads on Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc.. Google uses a special
DART cookie that enables it to serve ads to you based upon your visit to this site and others that you visit.
Since you're on the Internet to solve problems in your everyday life, this cookie helps by showing you
things that are of interest to you.
If you don't want to have this DART cookie on your computer, you can opt out.
Data Security
We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot absolutely guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information.
Questions About our Practices or This Pledge
If you have any questions about this Privacy Pledge or the practices described herein, you may contact:
Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc.
1126 NW MARSHALL ST.
Portland, OR 97209
Revisions to This Pledge
Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc. reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy, or our other policies at any time. However, we do not intend to lessen control of your information or compromise your privacy.
Pages available at Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc.
Plum Tree main page
What We Offer
Mortgages
What lenders look at
Mortgage payment breakdown
Understanding credit
How to Establish, Use, and Protect Your Credit
What Lenders Look For
How to Establish Credit
Protecting Credit
Common Reasons for Denying Credit
Improving Poor Credit
Divorce and Credit
Paying Off a Loan Early
For More Information
Advice & Research
Testimonials
Contact
Careers @ Plum Tree
Application
We
help clients see the whole picture.
Home
What We Offer
Mortgages
Advice & Research
Application
Testimonials
Contact
Copyright © 2009, Plum Tree Mortgage, Inc. All rights reserved. Report web
site corrections and broken links only to corrections.
Privacy policy. *Please contact your tax professional to confirm you qualify for specific
deductions. Or contact us, and we'd be happy to refer you to an accountant.