http://www.inlighten.net/legal/privacy_statement
Home
Explore
Store
Users
Home
Menu
Network
Hardware
Content
Support
Markets
About
News
Privacy Statement
What this Privacy Statement Covers
This inLighten, Inc. (“inLighten”) Privacy Statement is applicable worldwide and covers
how inLighten treats customer information collected by us through our website and offline.
Please read this inLighten Privacy Statement.
Collection of Customer Information
We endeavor to tell you before we collect any Customer Information from you. “Customer
Information” is any information that can be used to identify an individual, and may include,
but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, credit or debit
card number, title, occupation, and other information required to provide a product or service,
or carry out a transaction that you have requested. On our website, we may collect third party
Customer Information such as name, email and phone number, and we will assume that you have the
third party's permission to provide us the information. This information is only collected and
used for the purpose it was intended. Some of the reasons we collect Customer Information include:
Registration for an account or receipt of a product or service
Requesting information about us (including our affiliates) or ours and our affiliates products and/or services
Use of certain features of our products and services
Requesting service and support for our products and providing such support
Placement of a transaction or order
Registration to attend a training session, online or otherwise or
to participate in a webinar
Collaboration and sales efforts involving you and inLighten, including its affiliates
Registration to membership programs or newsletter or similar mailing subscriptions
When you apply for a job
Uses of Customer Information
We will only use your Customer Information in the way we specified in this Statement or otherwise
advise you when it was collected. We will not subsequently change the way your Customer Information
is used without your consent. Some of the ways we may use your Customer Information include to:
Process your orders and deliver the products and/or services that you have ordered
Keep you up to date on our latest announcements,
software updates, software upgrades,
system enhancements,
special offers, and other information. This may occasionally
include
information from our affiliated companies about products
and services that can add value
to your inLighten products
and services.
Provide support and assistance for our products, including the provision of security patches (if applicable)
Provide the ability to create personal profile areas and view protected content
Provide the ability to contact you, and provide you with shipping, billing, product and service information
Provide customer feedback and support
Understand more about you, so we can personalize newsletters and websites to your preferences. For example,
allow you the opportunity to request specific information on products and services that may be of interest to you.
Allow you to forward information to another individual, such as a friend or co-worker who you believe is
interested in receiving the information
Meet contract obligations
Accuracy of Customer Information
We need your help in keeping your Customer Information accurate and up to date. Please notify us of
any changes to your Customer Information.
Sharing Customer Information
We do not sell, rent, share or trade your Customer Information to non affiliate third parties for
marketing purposes unless you have granted us permission to do so.
We may share your Customer Information within InLighten or any of our affiliates for purposes of
delivering products and services and for data processing or storage.
We may also share your Customer Information with service vendors, authorized third-party agents
or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction, including processing and
shipping orders, processing credit card transactions, and providing customer products, services
and support. We only provide these third parties with the minimum amount of Customer Information
necessary to complete/provide the requested service or transaction, and the third parties are not
permitted to use your Customer Information except for the limited purpose of completing/providing
the requested service or transaction.
We may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process by disclosing your Customer Information
and other related information, if necessary. We also may choose to establish or exercise our legal
rights or defend against legal claims and use your Customer Information in this regard as appropriate.
We may collect and possibly share Customer Information and any other additional information available
to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected or potential
fraud, brand protection matters (such as gray market sales or use of inLighten's trademarks without a
license), situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of
inLighten’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
While navigating our website you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by
a third-party supplier.
When information is collected on behalf of InLighten and its affiliates
exclusively, this inLighten Privacy Statement will be referenced on the website and will govern
how your information is used. For other, non-inLighten websites, the website owner’s privacy
statement will be referenced on such site.
Security of Customer Information
inLighten is committed to protecting the Customer Information you share with us. However, no
method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore,
while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Customer Information, we
cannot guarantee its security.
We recommend you to take every precaution in protecting your Customer Information when you are on the Internet.
Supplementing Information
From time to time we may supplement Customer Information collected on our website with information
from other commercially available sources that we deem credible, such as business contact databases.
This is to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and help us provide a better service.
Linked Websites
Our website may provide links to other third-party websites which are outside our control and not
covered by this inLighten Privacy Statement. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy
practices of such other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy statements posted on these (and all)
sites you visit.
Updates to this InLighten Privacy Statement
inLighten may update this privacy statement at any time and in its sole discretion, so please review
it frequently. Your continued use of the inLighten website after any change will signify and confirm your
assent to those changes.
© inLighten. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement | Terms of Use