http://www.hamzeianalytics.com/privacy.asp
SPX Market Timing, Proprietary Futures & Options Trading Services.
Better Data.
Better Trades.
Hamzei Analytics.
Hamzei Analytics Privacy Policy
Hamzei Analytics respects your privacy.
This statement of our Privacy Policy explains what information we gather from you and how we use that information. We consider the information you have shared with us strictly confidential and will use that information only as specified in this Privacy Policy or to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws.
Information We Gather and How We Use It
We collect certain information from you in order to provide you with the most interesting and useful Web site possible.
We use your IP address to identify you, to gather demographic information that helps us understand how you and our other customers use our Web site, and to administer our Web site. If you purchase items through the HamzeiAnalytics.com, your IP address is used to help match you with your online order.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers for directory listing participants (like their CRD and licensing numbers for regulatory agencies), and optional information (like their mailing address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary, such as sending the opted promotional merchandise or awarding prizes won on the interactive games. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Unique identifiers (such as user names and passwords) are collected for use as account numbers in our record system. Profile data is also sometimes collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Mailing addresses are only required for optional free promotions that you wish to be mailed to you, such as books, merchandise and prizes for winners of our interactive games.
We sometimes conduct or sponsor surveys and contests on our Web site. If you elect to participate, we may ask you for contact, demographic and other information as part of these offerings. We would use this information to analyze and report on the results of surveys, to provide you with the results of the surveys and contests, and to send you information about our company and promotional material from our partners and advertisers. Participation in surveys and contests is completely voluntary.
From time to time we may supplement information that you provide to us with information received from third parties.
Information We May Disclose
We share demographic, profile and other general information about you and our other customers with our advertisers on an aggregate basis. This means that we tell our advertisers general information about the characteristics of our customer base such as how many female visitors and registered users we have within a certain postal code, but we do not specifically identify a particular female visitor or provide her contact information to our advertisers.
Our advertisers may ask us to mail or e-mail you promotional information tailored to your interests. We will send you this information on behalf of our advertisers. From time to time we may use third parties (pursuant to a confidentiality agreement) to assist us in e-mail broadcasts and list management. You may opt-out of receiving these mailings as explained below under the heading "Your Options."
We may disclose your contact information or other specific information about you to third parties in conjunction with advertising, contests or new service offerings that you elect to participate in.
We may share your contact information with our strategic partners. These selected entities may send you information by e-mail.
As we continually look for ways to improve our business, we may buy or sell a company. If we buy or sell a business, the names collected will likely be transferred as a part of the sale. Information about registrants will be used in the aggregate. However, if we buy a business, we will honor the requests that customers made of that business regarding e-mail communications. In the event that we sell a business, we will do everything in our power to ensure that the e-mail communications requests you made of us are honored.
We may release your contact and other information to third parties when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) cooperate with state and federal regulatory agency investigations, (iii) comply with the terms of the Subscriber Agreements with NASDAQ and the New York Stock Exchange, (iv) enforce the terms of our User Agreement or License Agreement, or (v) protect the rights of HamzeiAnalytics.com or others.
Cookies
Our Web site uses "cookies" which deposit certain record keeping information in your hard drive. We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site, keep track of your preferences, deliver content specific to your interests, make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly, keep track of your online order status, and for other similar purposes. These cookies can't read other data from your hard drive or read cookie files created by other sites or applications.
Our Web site contains display ads sold by us or by outside advertising agencies. These ads may contain cookies which will be deposited in your hard drive if you click on the ads. Information generated from cookies deposited on your hard drive by our advertisers is collected by our advertisers and we do not have access to this information.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies unless you reconfigure your browser to refuse them or to notify you when you have received one. If you do not accept cookies, you will not be able to use certain features of our site.
Public Forums
Instant Messenger, Chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or newsgroups are available to you through our Web site. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited responses. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any of your personal information in a public forum.
Security
Our Web site has certain security measures in place in effort to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Web site contains links to other sites. HamzeiAnalytics.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites. You may wish to review the privacy policies of these sites.
Correct or Update Your Information
You may correct or update any information previously provided to us by logging in via our Members page and using the Review My Account link or by contacting us by e-mail at Support@HamzeiAnalytics.com
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us by email at Support@HamzeiAnalytics.com, by fax, or by regular mail at
Hamzei Analytics, LLC
6840 Huntington Lakes Circle
Suite 201
Naples, FL  34119
Tel: (310) 306-1200
Fax: (239) 236-0727
Skype: Fari.Hamzei
CONN Twitter: @HamzeiAnalytics
XO Twitter: @Capt_Tiko
Market Timing Twitter: @HunterKillerSub
Our Blog  :::  Our Videos  :::  Testimonials  :::  Tutorials & FAQs  :::  Privacy Policy
© 1998-2020, Hamzei Analytics, LLC.
All Rights Reserved.