https://www.cactuscontainers.com/privacy-policy
Boxes/Tubes
Shipping Boxes / RSC
Custom Cardboard Boxes
Regular Slotted Cartons
Full Overlap Cartons
Five Panel Wrap
Corrugated Box Trays
Heavy Duty Boxes
Telescoping Box
RSC With Variable Flaps
Half-Slotted Box With Cover
RSC Boxes Guide
Double Cover Boxes
RSC Boxes Materials & Flutes Definition
Flutes Definition
Custom Die Cut Boxes
Mailers
Suitcase Boxes
Tote Boxes
Ballot Boxes
Cut Out Wraps
Custom Bin Boxes
Gift Boxes
Specialty Boxes
Folding Cartons
Setup Boxes
Software Packaging
Specialty Telescoping Box
Rigid Suitcase Boxes
Specialty Wooden Boxes
Food Packaging
Fiber Tubes
Brochure Holders
Food Packaging
Tubes
Dividers
Custom Foam Inserts
Box Accessories
Dividers
E-Liquid Box Dividers
Corrugated Box Pads
Corrugated Box Trays
Custom Printed Tape
Custom Printed Labels
Custom Printed Bags
Corner Protectors
Custom Foam Inserts
Die Cut Corrugated Inserts
Cases
Displays
Custom Counter-Top Display Boxes
Custom Counter-Top Shipper Displays
Custom Stand-Up Floor Displays
Stock Counter-Top Shipper Displays
Stock Counter-Top Displays
Stock Stand-Up Floor Displays
Dividers
Supplies
Dividers
E-Liquid Box Dividers
Custom Printed Tape
Custom Printed Labels
Custom Printed Bags
Corner Protectors
Custom Foam Inserts
Design
Packaging Design
Art Requirements
About Us
COVID-19 Response
Cardboard Digital Printing
Articles
Blog
Careers
FAQS
Site Map
Testimonials
Video Introduction
Ordering
Upload
Privacy
Contact Us
Contact Us
Phone: (760) 471-1000
Toll Free: 1-888-776-8000
Fax: (760) 471-1099
Boxes and displays are MADE IN U.S.A.
COVID-19 Response
Cardboard Digital Printing
Articles
Blog
Careers
FAQS
Site Map
Testimonials
Video Introduction
Ordering
Upload
Privacy
Contact Us
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.cactuscontainers.com and Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. web site and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. include www.cactuscontainers.com. The Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. website is a custom boxes and box accessories manufacturer web site. By using the Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc.’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc.. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. website.
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. website.
Use of your Personal Information
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. and its affiliates. Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within www.cactuscontainers.com in order to determine what Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc.; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc., or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. pages, or register with Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. site or services, a cookie helps Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. by contacting us here:
– Web page: www.cactuscontainers.com
– Email: info@www.cactuscontainers.com
– Phone: (760) 471-1000
Changes to this Statement
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc. at:
Cactus Corrugated Containers Inc.
804 N. Twin Oaks Valley Rd. #117
San Marcos, California 92069
Email Address:
info@www.cactuscontainers.com
Telephone number:
(760) 471-1000
Effective as of August 12, 2013
To the top
Get a Free Custom Box Quote!Ask about our high volume custom box orders discounts. To speak with a box specialist and receive a FREE estimate, call us toll-free at 1-888-776-8000 or contact us via email. We'll be happy to assist you.
We don't just hear you. We listen!
Free Quote