https://www.flowtite.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy of the Amiblu Group 1. General InformationProtecting your personal data is a key concern for us and therefore has high priority. For this reason, we process your data solely based on the applicable data protection regulations, with particular regard to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Austrian Data Protection Act and Telecommunications Act. In this data protection declaration, we are informing you of the key aspects of data processing in relation to our website. 2. Your Data 2.1 Collection and processing of your dataThe processing of personal data that you voluntarily provide to us for the use of special services and portals is necessary in order to process your enquiries, orders, applications etc. in order to prepare and conclude contracts and to send you newsletters. 2.2 Transfer of your dataWe will only transfer your data within the Amiblu Group if this serves to fulfill contracts or your interests. We keep your personal data confidential and will not sell, rent or make these available to any third parties. A transmission to state institutions and authorities takes place only in the context of mandatory national legal regulations. 3. CookiesAll Amiblu websites use cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer. A cookie enables your browser to recognize you and your most recent settings (e.g. language settings) on the website. Your settings will be made available immediately and don’t have to be done again. If you do not want us to recognize your terminal device, please configure your Internet browser to erase all cookies from your device, to block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please note that certain functions of our website may no longer work, or not correctly, without cookies. 4. Google AnalyticsThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. In addition, you can prevent Google’s collection and processing of data regarding the use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. By using this website, you express your consent to the processing of data collected by Google about you in the manner described above and for the purposes previously mentioned. The usage of Google Analytics has the sole purpose for the optimization and the needs-based design of our websites. Further information about the technologies used by google can be obtained via the following link: www.google.com/analytics. 5. NewsletterYou have the option of subscribing to our newsletter via our website. For this, we need your name, your e-mail address, the company you work for, the country you live in and your consent that you agree to receive the newsletter and to the processing of your personal data. You can change your newsletter preferences or unsubscribe from our newsletter without notice in your account area or by emailing info@amiblu.com. We will immediately delete your data related to the newsletter subscription. 6. Your RightsYou have the right to request information from Amiblu about the personal data that we have stored about you. In addition, you have the right to demand that the data be corrected, deleted, restricted, refused to be processed and that you or a third party named by you be transferred the stored data in a suitable form. If your request cannot or will not be dealt with within one month of receipt of the request, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. The responsible supervisory authority is the Austrian Data Protection Authority in Vienna. 7. Your RequestsFor any questions related to data privacy and asserting the rights listed above, please contact the Amiblu data protection coordinator as follows: Amiblu Holding GmbH Data Protection CoordinatorSterneckstraße 19 9020 Klagenfurt am Wörthersee Austria  Please provide us with your contact details, the name of the website or service and a detailed description of your enquiry or request or of your concern regarding data protection. However, we ask for your understanding that for your protection against queries or inquiries by unauthorized third parties, we only provide information in writing to the postal address deposited by you in the respective portals. 8. Changes to the Privacy PolicyThis data protection policy will be revised from time to time. We therefore recommend that you check back the privacy policy periodically.