https://www.curemd.com/privacy.asp
Sales +1 866 643 8367 |Log In
Solutions
Solutions
All-in-One
Architecture, features, compliance, standards and delivery models
Electronic Health Records
Enhance quality, efficiency and productivity
Practice Management
Improve service quality and optimize administrative workflows
Specialty EHR
Specialty tools, content, templates and automation
Medical Billing Service
Reduce denials, increase collections and fix revenue leaks
Public Health
Connecting healthcare providers and public health departments
Federal Qualified Health Centers
See how CureMD is facilitating public health initiatives
Patient Portal
Let your patients subscribe to valuable electronic tools and self service options
Avalon - EHR for iPad/iPhone
Extend your practice beyond boundaries for integrated mobile access
MIPS / MACRA
Learn, enroll and attest to Quality Payment Program
Pricing
Company
Company
About Us
Everything there is to know about CureMD
FAQs
Frequently asked questions and answers
Partners
Share our success by becoming a partner
Awards
Awards, Standards and Certifications - Proof of our quality
News
The latest news, updates and developments
Careers
Join us and be part of our team
Support
Learn more about personalized support and consulting
Events
Meet Team CureMD at events across the nation
RECs
Partner Regional Extension Centers
Contact
Get in touch for more information
Resources
Resources
Resource Center
Grow Your Practice with CureMD
Webinars
Learn the latest trends in the industry
Case Studies
See how CureMD is making a difference
Whitepapers
Whitepapers to help you make better decisions
Blog
Expert analysis and opinions on everything related to Health IT
Testimonials
What clients say about CureMD
Brochure
Download to read more detail
Meaningful Use
See how we can help with Meaningful Use
Insights
Our interviews with the industry's 'Most influential'
COVID-19 News
Stay informed with the latest on COVID-19
Request Demo
Request Demo
Website Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Your Privacy is our Priority
CureMD is a healthcare IT company that provides medical practitioners with a platform to manage their clinical data and to streamline their revenue cycle (“CureMD Services”). Central to our mission is the commitment to be transparent about the data we collect, how it is used and with whom it is shared.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, ‘personal data’ shall mean any information by which an individual may be personally identified, including name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, online identifiers, location data or any other information that is defined as ‘personal data’ under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) (“Personal Data”).
This Privacy Policy applies to all visitors of the CureMD website (“You” or where the context provides “Your”) who’s Personal Data is collected or processed by CureMD. This Privacy Policy is intended to give you an opportunity to be informed about the ways in which CureMD collects, uses and shares Your Personal Data.
Categories of Data Processed
Data You Provide
During Your use of the CureMD website, You may provide and CureMD may process information regarding You and Your practice which may include Your name, scheduling information, office address, email address, telephone number, credit card information, fax number or NPI. This information is only used by our team to contact You regarding the provision of CureMD Services.
Cookies and Other Similar Technologies
When You visit the CureMD website we receive the URL of the site You came from. We also get information about Your IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, visit time, device identifier and features, and Your mobile carrier / ISP. We collect data through cookies and similar technology to identify and log Your use of the CureMD website. This information is used by CureMD to analyze and improve our marketing strategies.
Other
We are constantly looking for ways to improve our website which may require the collection of new information and new ways to use Personal Data. If we collect materially different Personal Data or materially change how we use Your Personal Data, CureMD reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy accordingly and display it on our website.
Data Sharing
CureMD may share your data with our affiliated research and development center (the “Center”) to improve and analyze our website and marketing strategies. CureMD enters into comprehensive confidentiality agreements with the Center to ensure that Your Personal Data remains secure at all times. CureMD may provide anonymized information about you which does not allow you to be identified or contacted (‘Aggregate Information’) to third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our website and the activities they conduct while on our website.
We may share Your Personal Data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events, provided that the Personal Data will continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Any entity which acquires us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use Personal Data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless otherwise consented by You.
Mandatory Disclosures
CureMD may disclose Your Personal Data when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required by law or legal process, or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate and prevent measures against suspected or actual illegal activities or to cooperate with public and government authorities; (2) enforce our contractual requirements; (3) protect and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) maintain the security or integrity of the CureMD Services; or (5) safeguard the rights and safety of CureMD, its workforce and others.
CureMD will undertake good faith efforts to notify You about any legal demands for Your Personal Data when appropriate in our judgment, unless restricted by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand.
Your Rights
Right to Deletion
You can ask us to delete Your Personal Data maintained by CureMD subject to the provision of a verifiable request. However, we may retain Your Personal Data for as long as necessary to comply with federal or state data retention requirements or other applicable laws.
Right to Access
You can ask us for access to Your Personal Data maintained by CureMD subject to the provision of a verifiable request.
Other Rights
You can ask us to enumerate the different categories of Your Personal Data collected by CureMD. You can also ask us to provide you with a list of third parties (if any) to whom Your Personal Data has been disclosed.
Contact
For any queries and requests relating to Your rights hereunder, please e-mail us at
legal@curemd.com or call us at 212-852-0279 EXT 477.
Non-Discrimination
Unless permitted by applicable law, we will not discriminate against You for exercising any of Your rights under this Privacy Policy, such as:
Deny you goods or services
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or,
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, please note many features of our website will not function without Your Personal Data.
Sale of Information
CureMD does not sell any of Your Personal Data.
Other Important Information
Minors
The CureMD website is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 16. By using this website You warrant that You are above the age of 16.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
CureMD reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. You acknowledge that Your continued use of the CureMD website after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of Your Personal Data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
If You have questions or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy You can reach out to our Data Protection Officer at:
legal@curemd.com
CureMD.com, Inc.,
120 Broadway,
New York, NY, 10271
USA
Privacy Policy
KIOSK Terms of Use
Terms of Use
License and Services Agreement
Marketplace License and Services Agreement
Solutions
All-in-One
Electronic Health Records
Practice Management
Specialty EHR
Medical Billing Service
Public Health
Patient Portal
Avalon - EHR for iPad
Company
About Us
FAQs
Partners
Awards
News
Support
Testimonials
Events
Contact Us
Sales
Support
Jobs
EHR Cloud
Starting at $295/month
See All Plans
Get Social with CureMD Thousands of people already have
Contact Us
Live Chat
Sales
866-643-8367
Support
212-852-0279
Close
x
Interested in CureMD? Let's talk.
Tell us about yourself & a CureMD Consultant will contact you shortly.
© 1997 -
CureMD Healthcare
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Call
Demo
We use your data to improve our website and services. Click our Privacy Policy to know more.
I agree
That's where your invitation message goes, or image, etc
Not Now