http://www.indco.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
×
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyINDCO Inc believes it is important to let visitors to INDCO.com (the "Website") know what types of information we collect and how we may use and share that information. In this online Privacy Policy, "we", "our" or "us" refers to INDCO, and "you" or "your"
refers to each visitor to the Website.Commitment to PrivacyPrivacy issues, including security and confidentiality of personal information disclosed on or through the web site, are viewed very seriously by INDCO. The information we collect is invaluable to our organization
in terms of evaluating our product offerings and marketing efforts. Although we do use information collected for customer service purposes, be assured that INDCO does not sell, rent or trade its lists to others for any purpose. INDCO abides by
all rules outlined in the CAN-SPAM act.Updates to this PolicyThis privacy policy may be updated occasionally. A current version of our privacy policy will always be present at this location and we will continue to respect the wishes and concerns of our visitors.General Browsing:We gather navigational information about where visitors go on the website and information about the technical efficiencies of our website and services (i.e., time to connect to the website, time to download
pages, etc.). This information allows us to see which areas of our website are most visited and helps us better understand our visitors' experiences at INDCO.com. This helps us improve the quality of the website by recognizing and delivering more
of the features, areas and services our visitors prefer. In this process of gathering navigational information, non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected.Shopping and SecurityAt INDCO, we understand your concerns about online security and privacy. All orders on our site are encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. You can use our site knowing that your personal and
credit card information is protected when transmitted online. INDCO uses Verisign Web site security services, allowing you to place Internet orders with confidence, knowing that your credit card information will be secure.What Information Do We Collect?When you shop at INDCO.com, we will collect the information necessary to complete your order, such as your name, e-mail address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card number
and/or debit card number) and billing address. If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive quarterly catalogs from us if you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by e-mailing jmaudlin@INDCO.com or
fill-out a catalog deletion request found on the website. Customers who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders. Please provide us with your correct phone number. If
you wish to only be contacted by e-mail or fax please note that in your order comments. If you create an Account, we will collect information about your purchases and payment methods, as well as the shipping addresses that you add to your Address
Book, in order to make future shopping experiences faster and more convenient. Users represent and warrant that all information they provide to INDCO is accurate, current, not misleading, and relevant for the purpose provided. You may change or
delete the saved information anytime. Simply go to My Account, and log in with your email address and password. You may edit or delete your personal information at any time. We collect the e-mail address of visitors via information in your account
and via information requests and catalog requests. If you do not want to receive e-mail communication from INDCO see How Do I Unsubscribe below. INDCO also reserves the right to retain the content of any questions or comments that are sent to
our employees. This information will be used to help improve responses to future questions.What is this Information Used For?The information that INDCO collects is used to better serve our customers. This information is used to notify you of changes made to our site, to tell you about new products available, product
promotions and to contact you for other legitimate business purposes.Updating Personal InformationWe request that you keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. If you would like to change your contact information, please go to My Account, and log in with your email address and password,
or e-mail changes to jmaudlin@INDCO.comHow do I Unsubscribe?Visitors to our web site can unsubscribe from receiving e-mail communications and advertisements by choosing "Unsubscribe" on any e-mail communication or by emailing jmaudlin@INDCO.com.
If you unsubscribe automatically by e-mail you will be unsubscribed immediately and you will not be able to receive any future promotions or notifications. If you would like to change your subscription preferences you must e-mail jmaudlin@INDCO.com to
register again. To unsubscribe from postal mailings please provide us with your exact name, address and priority code of the last mailing you received.Questions or CommentsIf you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy, please email us at jmaudlin@INDCO.com. Your privacy is our priority.
INDCO Modal
×
Save changes