http://www.shahgems.com/policies/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We value the trust you place in ShahGems.com. That's why we insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy. Note: Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice.1. Collection of Personally Identifiable InformationWe collect personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, etc.) from you when you set up a free account with ShahGems.com. While you can browse some sections of our site without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order) do require registration. We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests.2. Use of Demographic and Profile DataWe use personal information to provide the services you request. We use your personal information to troubleshoot problems; collect fees owed; measure interest in our products and services, inform you about offers and customize your experience. In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyze demographic and profile data about our users' activity on our website. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website.3. CookiesA "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a Web server on a Web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user. ShahGems.com places both permanent and temporary cookies in your computer's hard drive. ShahGems.com's cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information.4. Security PrecautionsOur site has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Whenever you change or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once your information is in our possession we adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access.5. Choice/Opt-OutYou can opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us after setting up an account.6. Questions?Any questions regarding this should be directed to the following address: info@shahgems.com
Cart
Your shopping cart is empty.
Checkout
Go to cart page
×
Track Order
Error:
Email or Order No. is incorrect.
Success:
Tracking done successfully.
Email*
Order No*
Submit