http://www.hartmann.dk/north-america/legal-notice/privacy-policy
Please wait...
About Us
Career
Investor
News
Download
Search
Back
Egg Packaging
EGG PACKAGING
Select from a wide range of sizes and shapes.
Egg packaging
PRODUCTS
Product Range
HartVue
HartTop
Hybrid
FIND YOUR PRODUCT
Product finder
Egg Marketing
Egg Marketing
Select from a wide range of graphic design and marketing services.
READ MORE
SERVICES
Egg Marketing
Technology
TECHNOLOGY
Benefit from a wide range of moulded fibre technology and related services.
READ MORE
Products
Product Range
Machinery Programme
Technology Upgrades
Mould Programme
Services
Customer Services
Sustainability
SUSTAINABILITY
Benefit from our wide range of initiatives and services.
READ MORE
INITIATIVES & OFFERS
Sustainability
ABOUT MOULDED FIBRE
Moulded fibre
Privacy Policy
Brødrene Hartmann A/S
This Privacy Policy explains how BRØDRENE HARTMANN A/S ("We", "Us") processes your personal information.
1. DATA CONTROLLER
The entity responsible for the processing of your personal information is:
BRØDRENE HARTMANN A/SØrnegårdsvej 182820 Gentofte (Denmark)Phone: +45 45 97 00 00Fax: +45 45 97 00 01E-mail: suh@hartmann-packaging.comCVR-nr. 63 04 96 11
2. DESCRIPTION OF THE PROCESSING
WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITEPurpose(s)
When you visit our website, we process your personal data to: a) Optimize the user experience on our website and the services we offer and compile statistics for the use of our website Also, see our cookie policy.b) Provide you with the content and services you have requested, e.g.- customer service - mailing of newslettersWith your consent we use email tracking to optimize our mailing of newsletters.
Categories of personal data
We process the following categories of personal data about you:a) Ordinary personal dataWhen you use our website:
IP address, a unique ID, technical information about the unit that you access our website from, location and information about your behaviour on our website
When you use our customer service or subscribe to our newsletter:
Name, email address, telephone number, country, job title and information about the company that you work for
Information on if and how you have received and reacted to emails from us (and when), e.g. whether you have opened the email, clicked on a link, marked the email as spam etc.
Source of the personal data
We collect your personal data from the following sources:
Directly from you
Through cookies
Legal basis for the processing
We process your personal data on the following legal bases:
Article 6.1.a (consent)
Article 6.1.f (necessary for the pursuit of legitimate purposes and interests of us)
We process your personal data in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest in compiling statistics and in analysing and optimising our website and services. Further, we process your personal data in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest in customer service and marketing.
Recipients
We may share your personal data with:
Suppliers and vendors that we work with (meaning service providers, technical support, supply services and financial institutions)
Data retention
We will retain personal data processed for this purpose for: Personal data used for marketing and customer service purposes will be retained for 2 years after our latest contact with you.
Information about your IP address and your use of our website will be retained for up to 2 years depending on the nature of the individual cookies (see our cookie-policy for further information)
GENERAL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATIONPurpose(s)
We process your personal data for the purpose of general business operations, i.e. communication with vendors, business partners and other parties.
Categories of personal data
We process the following categories of personal data about you:a) Ordinary personal data
Your contact information, job title, information about the company that you work for and other information that you may choose to provide
Source of the personal data
We collect your personal data from the following sources:
Directly from you
From the company that you work for
Legal basis for the processing
We process your personal data on the following legal bases:
Article 6.1.b (necessary for the performance of the contract)
Article 6.1.f (necessary for the pursuit of legitimate purposes and interests of us)
We process your personal data in order for us to pursue our legitimate interest in effective business operations and communication with various parties.
Recipients
We may share your personal data with:
Suppliers and vendors that we work with (meaning service providers, technical support, supply services and financial institutions)
Data retention
We will retain personal data processed for this purpose for: We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for us to pursue our purpose with the processing of your data, which will depend on our relation.
3. TRANSFERS TO COUNTRIES OUTSIDE THE EU/EEA
Personal data will be transferred to the United States when using Mailchimp as a data processor to send out newsletters and updates to you. Such transfers will take place on the legal basis that the country has been deemed by the Commission of the European Union to have an adequate level of protection of personal data (EU-U.S. Privacy Shield).Personal data might be transferred to countries outside the EU/EEA when we use Microsoft services to communicate with you, as Microsoft uses sub-processors located in such countries; please see a list of Microsoft's sub-processors here, here and here. In some cases, the country will be deemed by the Commission of the European Union to have an adequate level of protection of personal data, and if not, we will provide appropriate safeguards for the transfer through the use of model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries as published by the Commission of the European Union. You may obtain a copy of the contract/agreement by contacting us.
4. YOUR RIGHTS
You have the following rights:
You have the right to request access to, rectification or erasure of your personal data.
You also have the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted.
If processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Your withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out before you withdrew your consent.
You have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (data portability).
You may always lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority, e.g. The Danish Data Protection Agency with the following contact details: Datatilsynet, Carl Jacobsens Vej 35, DK-2500 Valby (Copenhagen).Phone: +45 33 19 32 00Email: dt@datatilsynet.dkPlease also see https://www.datatilsynet.dk/kontakt/.
Furthermore, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data as follows
If processing of your personal data is based on article 6(1)(e) or article 6(1)(f), see above regarding legal basis, you have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data.
Where your personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data about you for such marketing.
You can take steps to exercise your rights and withdraw your consent by contacting us at suh@hartmann-packaging.com or +45 45 97 00 00. There may be conditions or limitations on these rights. It is therefore not certain for example you have the right of data portability in the specific case - this depends on the specific circumstances of the processing activity.
Last updated: 17 July 2019