http://www.conveyor-dynamics.com/index.php/privacy/
Privacy
Home » Privacy
version 2.1 : November, 2016
Privacy Policy
Information Collection and Use
Conveyor Dynamics is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Conveyor Dynamics collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
Consent
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at cdi@conveyor-dynamics.com or mailing us at: Conveyor Dynamics, Inc. 3633 Alderwood Avenue Bellingham WA 98225
Conveyor Dynamics On-Line Sales
Our store is based on Woo-Commerce. The Woo-Commerce storefront provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Payment:
Payment is made on PayPal payment gateway to complete your purchase, your credit card data is not stored on the CDI site.
For more insight, you may also want to read PayPal’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.
Third-Party Services:
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links:
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
Conveyor Dynamics does not share or sell any of your personal information.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can be done by emailing cdi@conveyor-dynamics.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Privacy was last modified:
November 28th, 2016 by CDI