https://www.eipm.org/legal-notice/
Legal Notice & Privacy Policy
LEGAL NOTICE
The information shown on this page is in accordance with the French law for Confidence in the Digital Economy (loi pour la confiance dans l’économie numérique – LCEN) from June 2004.  IDENTIFICATION
EIPM SERVICES (EUROPEAN INSTITUTE OF PURCHASING MANAGEMENT) S.A.S.
A Simplified Joint-Stock Company with a capital of € 60,000.
HEAD OFFICE
Bâtiment Mont-Blanc 2
59, Rue Antoine Redier
74160 Archamps – France  REGISTRATION AND VAT
Siret: 39 309 46 28 00012
Trade & Company Register of Thonon les Bains: number 393 094 628
Code NAF/APE: 8559A
European VAT number: FR 91 393 094 628
CNIL: 2021841  PUBLICATION DIRECTOR
Bernard Gracia, President
CONTACT
Phone: +33 (0) 4 50 31 56 78
Fax: +33 (0) 4 50 31 56 80
Email: info@eipm.org
Contact form
HOSTING PROVIDER
INFOMANIAK NETWORK
26, avenue de la Praille
1227 Carouge/Genève, SUISSE
Phone : +41 22 820 35 44  SOURCES FOR IMAGES
Fotolia / Adobe Stock
Gilles Bertrand
Pixabay
Pexels
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Last updated: May 2018
Below we state our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy. Those policies apply only to our website and we are not responsible for how your information is handled by third part websites. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms
and Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy at any time. If you have any questions about these, please contact us.
Introduction
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the http://www.eipm.org
website, operated by EIPM.
Your access to and use of this website is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use this website.
By accessing this website you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access this website.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use this website you are accepting our cookie policy.
Copyright
© since 1990 - EIPM. All Rights Reserved.
We, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website and all the copyright and other intellectual property rights in our website and the material on our website are reserved.
Liability
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only.
The information is provided by EIPM and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, EIPM takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Links to other websites
Through this website you are able to link to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by EIPM.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the nature, content privacy policies and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
You further acknowledge and agree that EIPM shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services.
PRIVACY POLICY
Processing of personal data
The website http://www.eipm.org has been declared to the Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) under the number 2021841.
In accordance to the French law n° 78-17 from January 6th 1978, you have a right to access, modify, rectify and delete any data concerning you.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The personal information provided by the users of this website and all information given in the context of commercial relations are exclusively for internal use of the EIPM group and are used for the management of relations with its customers and prospects.
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) takes effect on May 25, 2018.
Below, you will find information concerning the use, security, access, rectification and deletion procedures of any personal data that you entrust to EIPM.
Information collection, use and sharing
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, email address and telephone.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organisation, other than as necessary to fulfil your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about our events, products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Process
Type of data requested on a mandatory basis
to trigger the treatment
Who can access the data as a data controller, or recipient
Information request
Title (Mr Mrs etc.) / Name / First name / E-mail address / Phone number
Employees of EIPM
Sales Administration, Training Management
Title (Mr Mrs etc.) / Name / First name / E-mail address / Postal Address (personal or professional depending on the framework of the approach) / Phone numbers / Date of birth (collected only in case of obligation
according to the typology of the file) / Registration, order and/or invoice number
Employees of EIPM / Sponsor of the action in the company of the trained individual (if any) / Authorised Joint Collection Bodies (such as OPCA) and Employment Center Recipients (Pole Emploi) / EIPM Subcontractors (submitted to the RGPD)
Storage
In accordance with the Data Protection Regulation Act, your data is kept in a country of the European Union in compliance with the legislation currently in place.
Your personal data is kept only for the time necessary to achieve the purpose for which we hold this data, to meet your needs or to fulfil our legal obligations, according to the following criteria:
If you have consented to receive commercial messages, we will retain your personal data until you unsubscribe or until you ask EIPM to delete your information.
If cookies are placed on your computer, your data is stored only for the time necessary to achieve their purpose and for any period defined in accordance with local regulations and instructions.
If a contractual relationship has been established between you and EIPM, the regulation of Training Organisations is applied and, therefore, your data will then be kept for 10 years as proof that the training took place.
Data analytics
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. This data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, which pages of our website you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyse this information.
Social plug-ins from Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Google+
We use social plug-ins from social media channels such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and Google+.
If you share, like or comment on any of our news, articles or events, the relevant information might be transmitted directly from your browser to the corresponding social media and stored there.
For further information about how those social media channels handle your personal data, please visit their corresponding privacy policy pages.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but please note that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your rights
EIPM respects your right to privacy: it is important that you have control over your personal data. You have the following rights:
The right to be informed – You have the right to obtain clear, transparent, understandable and easily accessible information on how EIPM uses your personal data and your rights. Therefore, the information is provided in this Policy.
The right of access – You have the right to have access to the personal data EIPM has concerning you. EIPM may charge a reasonable fee that reflects the administrative costs incurred in providing such information.
The right of rectification – You have the right to require that your personal data be rectified if it is inaccurate or out of date and / or incomplete.
The right to obliteration / right to oblivion – In some cases, you have the right to have your personal data deleted. This is not an absolute right, as we may be forced to keep your personal data for legal or legitimate reasons.
The right to oppose commercial prospection – You can unsubscribe or oppose the receipt of our commercial prospecting messages at any time. Simply click on the "unsubscribe" link in any email or communication EIPM sends you.
Access, rectification and deletion
If you have any questions or comments about how EIPM processes and uses your personal data, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights mentioned above, simply send us an email or letter with your request and proof of your identity to:
info@eipm.org
or
EIPM
Bâtiment Mont-Blanc 2
59, Rue Antoine Redier
74520 Archamps – France
COOKIE POLICY
About Cookies
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use this website you are accepting our cookie policy.
Cookies are small pieces of data sent from a website and stored on the user's computer by the user's web browser while the user is browsing.
We use cookies that:
Follow your browsing activity from one page to another of the website (Google Analytics)
Remember information you previously entered into form fields
We use session cookies, which are automatically deleted by your browser when you leave our website – meaning that no information you entered in our website is stored. We also use long-term cookies which remain on your computer and allow us to recognise you when you next visit our website.
Managing Cookies
You can change your cookies preferences on your browser settings at any moment. For more information about cookies, please visit www.aboutcookies.org
However, please note that blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon your experience of our website, as some services will not be provided.
This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookiesAgree