http://www.ecb.int/paym/pol/policies/html/index.en.html
Navigation Path:
Home›Payments & Markets›Oversight› Objectives & standards
Payments & Markets
News & events
News
Publications
MIP Online
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
Events
Public consultations
Previous
TARGET services
TARGET2
Governance
Facts and figures
For professional use
T2S
Governance
Facts and figures
Pricing
For professional use
TIPS
Governance
Facts and figures
For professional use
T2-T2S consolidation
Governance
Timeline
For professional use
ECMS
For professional use
Market integration
Retail payments
ECB as a catalyst
SEPA
Instant payments
Collateral management harmonisation
FAQ
Financial innovation
Cyber resilience
Financial market infrastructures
TIBER-EU
Interest rate benchmarks
Working group on euro risk-free rates
Collateral
Eligibility criteria and assessment
Marketable assets
Non-marketable assets
List of eligible marketable assets
User guide
Mobilising collateral
CCBM
Eligible SSSs
Eligible links
Eligible triparty agents
Risk mitigation
ECAF
Risk control
Haircut categories
Valuation
Loan-level Initiative
Data templates
Timeline
Eligibility requirements
Data-handling infrastructure
Frequently Asked Questions
Contacts
Oversight
Objectives & standards
Activities
Payment systems
Securities settlement systems and central counterparties
Payment instruments
Other infrastructures and service providers
SecuRe Pay forum
Reserve management services
Key aspects
Range of services
Market contact groups
Advisory groups on market infrastructures
Bond market (BMCG)
Debt Issuance Market Contact Group (DIMCG)
Euro Cyber Resilience Board
ECB Operations managers group (ECB OMG)
Euro Retail Payments Board (ERPB)
European Forum for Innovation in Payments (EFIP)
Foreign exchange (FXCG)
Institutional Investor Dialogue (IID)
Money market (MMCG)
Oversight objectives and standards
The Eurosystem oversight policy framework provides a comprehensive overview of the methods, standards and tools it applies in its oversight activities.
Objectives
The Eurosystem has translated its oversight objectives of safety and efficiency into specific oversight regulations, standards, guidelines and recommendations, as appropriate for different financial market infrastructures (FMIs).
Standards
Oversight standards provide
the benchmark for the Eurosystem to monitor and assess the safety and
efficiency of relevant FMIs on an ongoing basis, and to induce change where
shortcomings are identified.
Eurosystem oversight of FMIs
is based on the internationally accepted CPSS-IOSCO Principles for financial market infrastructures (PFMIs), which were adopted
by the ECB’s Governing Council in June 2013 as the standards for Eurosystem
oversight of all types of FMIs in the euro area under the Eurosystem’s
responsibility.
The PFMIs were translated
into various legal acts in the EU, including the European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR), the Central Securities Depositories Regulation (CSDR) and, for the euro area, the ECB amending Regulation on oversight requirements for systemically important payment systems (ECB/2017/32) (SIPS Regulation).
In relation to the SIPS Regulation, there are three supporting legal, namely, the ECB Regulation on the power of the European Central Bank to impose sanctions, the ECB Decision on procedural aspects concerning the imposition of corrective measures for non-compliance with Regulation (EU) No 795/2014 and the ECB Decision on the methodology for calculating sanctions for infringements of the oversight requirements for SIPS.
Twitter
facebook
linkedin
Whatsapp
email
Our website uses cookies
We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies.
Learn more about how we use cookies
I understand and I accept the use of cookies
I do not accept the use of cookies
Thank you!
Thank you!
We have updated our privacy policy
We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies.
See what has changed in our privacy policy
I understand and I accept the use of cookies
I do not accept the use of cookies
Your cookie preference has expired
We are always working to improve this website for our users. To do this, we use the anonymous data provided by cookies.
Learn more about how we use cookies
I understand and I accept the use of cookies
I do not accept the use of cookies
This feature requires cookies.
Privacy statement