https://www.themarketinggurus.com/privacy-notice/
Privacy Notice
Law Firm Marketing Consultants
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (www.themarketinggurus.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this Web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact form or phone number given on our Web site:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 303-298-1676 or via email.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. We do not collect sensitive information (such as credit card data) via the Web site.
We do protect your sensitive information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to sensitive information such as your credit card data).
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Search for:
Get Our Tips By EmailReceive Marketing Tips!Request Report
Name*
First
Last
Email*
CAPTCHAPhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Recent Posts
Social Distancing Marketing: Four Things Lawyers Should Be Doing to Market during the Pandemic
LinkedIn® Posting v. Updates –
The Difference and How to Use Both
Seven Things Lawyers Should Do to Build a New Practice
Blending Digital Tactics into Your Law Firm’s Marketing
Contact Us
FIND US
Clocktower at Ken Caryl
8321 Sangre De Cristo Road Suite #202
Littleton, Colorado 80127
PHONE
303.725.4621
Get In Touch With Us!
Receive Marketing Tips!
Sitemap | Privacy Notice
Copyright 2020 Alyn-Weiss & Associates