https://www.inmagine.com/privacy/
Skip to content
PRIVACY POLICY – USERS AND VISITORS
We hereby inform you on Our current policies and practices applicable to the processing of your personal data (“Personal Data”) collected by Inmagine Group through the website https://www.inmagine.com/ or any website which may be introduced from time to time (the “Website”).
Essential InformationThe Website is being operated by the relevant entity within Inmagine Group which comprises of various legal entities throughout the world.
For the processing of Personal Data relating to the users of this Website, the relevant Inmagine Group entity acting as data controller is 123RF Limited. For any general queries you may contact Us at: info@inmagine.com, “Our”, “We” or “Us” in this Privacy Policy shall mean 123RF Limited.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?This Privacy Policy generally describes, inter alia, the Personal Data We may collect from you, the processing of such Personal Data and your rights in relation thereto.
Information We may collect from youThe term Personal Data refers to the data you provide to Us through the Website and may vary depending on the type of relationship you have with Us. Personal Data include:
Browsing dataThe information systems and software procedures used to operate this Website acquire personal data as part of their standard functioning. The transmission of such data is an inherent feature of Internet communication protocols. This data category includes, among other things, the IP addresses and/or the domain names of the computers and terminal equipment used by any user, the location of the devices, the URI/URL (Uniform Resource Identifier/Locator) addresses of the requested resources, the time of such requests, the method used for submitting a given request to the server, returned file size, a numerical code relating to server response status (successfully performed, error, etc.) and other parameters related to the users’ operating system and computer environment.
Registration profileIf you decide to create an account on the Website, you may be required to provide Us your Personal Data such as e-mail address, password and country of residence with the submission of the registration form.
Details in the enquiry form(s)When you would like to know for further information regarding Our creatives initiative and offers, you may be required to provide Us your Personal Data such as name, company name (if applicable), email address, phone number and other information you decide to share with Us, that We may collect from you.
CookiesWe use cookies and similar technologies or tools to collect information about your activities on Our Website, including to use social media features or services on Our Website which may enable you to connect with Our social media page or share any promotional activities with your friends and social networks. Detailed information on the cookies We use and the purpose for which We use them are set out in Our Cookie Policy
How do We use your information and why?Your Personal Data will be collected and processed for the following purposes:
Categories of DataPurposes of processingLegal basis
Browsing dataTo extract statistical information on service usage (most visited pages, visitors by time/date, geographical areas of origin, etc.) and to check the functioning of the services.Legitimate interest of the data controller to analyse and improve the performance of its services and to prevent crimes and fraudsRegistration profileTo process the creation of your account and profile on the Website and to provide or allow you to access certain areas, functions (e.g., processing the contents submitted by you and displaying your contents on Our Website) and features on Our Website and other websites operated by the relevant entities within the Inmagine Group. ConsentDetails in the enquiry form(s)To respond to your queries and questions and to provide any information you require. Consent
Information We may share and data recipientsYour Personal Data is processed by Our personnel and, if necessary or functional to fulfilling the purposes indicated above, your Personal Data may be processed by third parties that may be appointed by Us as data processors.
The categories of recipients to whom your Personal Data may be disclosed to as follows: a) third parties such as (i) IT providers; (ii) marketing agencies to carry out marketing campaigns, surveys and promotions; (iii) legal and other professionals; (iv) other Inmagine Group companies including Our parent company and its subsidiaries, andb) public entities and authorities, for the purpose of fulfilling legal and regulatory obligationsUnder certain circumstances, your Personal Data may be transferred to other Inmagine Group’s companies outside to the European Economic Area (EEA). In such cases, We ensure that We have adopted appropriate safeguards, including binding corporate rules or standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission, in order to guarantee the data subjects with an adequate level of protection.
Retention of your Personal DataData are retained as long as necessary for the performance of the services provided by the Website and to comply with legal obligations and regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, and/or to prevent frauds and abuse.
SecurityWe treat the security for all information submitted or provided by you to Us seriously and is of importance to Us. We will take reasonable steps to protect or secure this data, including Personal Data. Accordingly, We may require Our employees or third-party service providers to assist Us in implementing or applying appropriate securities measures (such as firewalls, penetration testing and etc).
Your RightsYou have the right to obtain from Us confirmation whether your Personal Data are being processed by Us, and, in said circumstances, you have the right to request access to and rectification or erasure of the same or restriction of processing,  and to object to the processing at any time, as well as under certain circumstances the right to data portability. With respect to the data portability, you have the right to receive your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to request the transmission of said data.You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting Us at info@inmagine.com.In the event of a breach of applicable EEA data protection laws you have also the right to file a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
Links to Third Party Website(s)Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us and whose privacy practices may differ from Us. If you click on a third-party link, you may be directed to the third-party website. Any submission of your Personal Data to any of those third-party websites will be governed by the relevant third-parties’ privacy policies. We have no control and shall not assume any responsibilities howsoever arising thereof and We strongly advise you to carefully read the privacy policies prior to the disclosure of any information.
AdvertisingWe may, from time to time, partner with a third party to display Our or a third party’s advertisement(s) on Our Website or engaging third party to manage Our advertising on Our Website. For more detailed information, please refer to Our Cookie Policy.
Contact UsIf you: (i) have any questions, queries, inquiries or comments on Our Privacy Policy; (ii) have any concerns about how We process your Personal Data; or (iii) have any other issues relating to this Privacy Policy, you may get in touch with us at info@inmagine.com. In the event you have any complaints you may also contact Us at info@inmagine.com.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe will keep this Privacy Policy under regular review, and We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The updated version shall apply and supersede all previous versions. Hence, it is advisable that you check this Privacy Policy on a regular basis.Last updated: 30 April 2020
From supporting creatives worldwide with premium stock images since 2000, INMAGINE has evolved into a creative ecosystem encompassing various creative assets and business models.
Facebook-f
Linkedin
Instagram
Youtube
Legal
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
About
Offers
Careers
CSR
Contact
Brands
123RF
Designs.ai
Pixlr
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept