https://www.quadax.com/security-privacy-policies/
Skip to content
Website Security & Privacy Policy
Quadax is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of all personally identifiable information with which we’re entrusted. This policy statement describes the types of information gathered from visitors to this website and explains how each type of information is used. This statement does not intend to describe our compliance with HIPAA, HITECH, and other regulations concerning the privacy and security of protected health information which is shared with us in the course of business and which is governed by business associate agreements. This policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
Quadax is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way.
Quadax collects certain general information about each website visit through the use of cookie technology, and/or Internet Protocol (IP) address which may help us to identify a user’s general geographic location. Cookies are small text files a website can use to recognize repeat users and facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site. This information might include identification of the user’s browser, the operating systems, the Internet service providers, or other non-identifiable behavior profiles. Quadax is able to view information about which areas the user visits on the site and about the links the user may select from within the site to other sites. This information helps us improve our website and the user experience. Accepting cookies does not give Quadax access to your computer or any personal information about you. We do not share cookies with any outside agency or affiliate. Quadax reserves the right to use web beacons for content we generate, for the purposes of web analytics.
Any contact information that a user provides to Quadax through a registration form or survey is used strictly for our internal use to better fit our communication to your needs. Users added to Quadax mailing lists may unsubscribe at any time by sending an email to unsubscribe@quadax.com.
This Security and Privacy policy applies only to www.quadax.com. Our website may contain links to external sites that we do not operate. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. As always, Quadax will comply with all government regulations regarding the protection of privacy both now and in the future. This statement may change from time to time as changes in regulations or policy require. Any questions about our Website Privacy and Security Policy may be directed to privacy@quadax.com.
Quadax Portal Security & Privacy Policy
Access to our Client Portal and online applications require a working email address. Quadax performs an email verification test upon registration, but it is each client’s responsibility to maintain reliable mail connectivity and to deactivate email accounts when the email account holders no longer should have access to Quadax online applications or to the protected health information that may be accessible there.
Quadax strongly recommends that users treat their email logins and passwords as confidential. If a user’s login or password is believed to have been compromised, a report should be made to Quadax immediately to obtain a new password. Quadax reserves the right to disable a login ID, particularly in the event we believe the account has become unsecure, the business contract has ended, or Site use has ceased. (HIPAA 45 CFR §164.312(a)(2)(i) &; 164.312(d))
Quadax employs Transport Layer Security (TLS) to encrypt transmission of data from your workstation to the Quadax Client Portal and online applications. Quadax makes every effort to ensure that our measures are not compromised. Quadax uses commercially reasonable and industry-standard administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of user data including regular backups to help prevent data loss and aid in data recovery. We also host data in secure data centers and implement firewalls and access restrictions on our servers to secure our network and better protect your information. However, it is unfortunately true that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Since malevolent forces do exist, Quadax cannot be responsible for damages resulting from loss of security.
Within the Quadax Portal, Quadax will request proxy IP addresses and browser and operating system versions and sends that information to our web servers. Quadax uses that information to customize the Quadax Portal to enhance the client user experience. Cookies are not used to identify individual people or computers, except by the client’s option to preserve sessions when they cross over Quadax web applications. Banners, where used, advertise only Quadax products and/or services and are tracked only by Quadax. Information collected is only used by Quadax for the purposes of supporting the operations of the Quadax Portal to optimize our clients’ experience and will not be sold, shared or otherwise made available to anyone other than Quadax. Privacy and Security Policy questions may be directed to privacy@quadax.com.