https://www.montereygourmetfoods.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the privacy practices of Pulmuone U.S.A., and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Pulmuone Foods USA, Nasoya Foods USA, Wildwood Organic, Emerald Valley Kitchen and Monterey Gourmet Foods (collectively, “Pulmuone”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”). In this policy, you can learn what kind of information we collect, when and how we might use that information, how we protect the information, and the choices you have with respect to your personal information.
It also tells you how you can access and update your information and make certain choices about how your information is used. The Privacy Policy covers both our “online” (e.g., web and mobile services, including any web sites operated by us and mobile applications, however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise) and “offline” (e.g., collection of data through mailings, telephone, or at in person events) activities owned, operated, provided, or made available by us. Our “online” and “offline” activities are collectively referenced as the “Services.” This Privacy Policy also applies to your use of interactive features or downloads that: (i) we own or control; (ii) are available through the Sites; or (iii) interact with the Sites and post this Privacy Policy.
By using the Services or by otherwise giving us your information, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, do not use any of our Services or give us any of your information. In addition, please review the Sites’ Terms of Use, which governs your use of any of our Websites.
How We Collect Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect certain information about you automatically when you visit or use our online Services using various tools and technologies such as cookies, web server logs and third-party services and directly from the user.
Cookies: In order to offer and provide a customized and personal service, our websites and applications may use cookies and similar technologies to store and help track information about you. Cookies are simply small pieces of data that are sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. Cookies also can tell us where visitors go on a website and allow us to save preferences for you so you won’t have to re-enter them each time you visit. The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can use your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to disable cookies.
If you wish to disable cookies from this site, you can do so using your browser. You should understand that some features of many sites may not function properly if you don’t accept cookies. For more information about using browsers to manage cookies, please see All About Cookies. You can also refuse to accept Flash cookies from this website using Adobe’s Flash management tools. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ad Settings.
By visiting this website, you consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
Web server logs: When you visit our website, we may track information about your visit and store that information in web server logs, which are records of the activities on our sites. The servers automatically capture and save the information electronically. Examples of the information we may collect include:
your unique Internet protocol address;
the name of your unique Internet service provider;
the town/city, county/state and country from which you access our website;
the kind of browser or computer you use;
the number of links you click within the site;
the date and time of your visit;
the web page from which you arrived to our site;
the pages you viewed on the site; and
certain searches/queries that you conducted via our website(s).
The information we collect in web server logs helps us administer the site, analyze its usage, protect the website and its content from inappropriate use and improve the user’s experience.
Third-party Services: We may use services hosted by third parties, including but not limited to Google Analytics, Mailchimp and Facebook Custom Audiences to assist in providing our services and to help us understand the use of our site by our visitors. We also may use other Google Analytics tools, such as Demographics and Interest Reporting, which enables us to learn more about the characteristics and interests of the users who visit our Site, and Remarketing with Google Analytics, which enables us to provide relevant advertising on different websites and online services. You can opt out of having your data used for these additional Google Analytics tools by installing Google Analytics’ opt-out browser add-on, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using Google’s Ads Settings).
These services may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including your IP address or cookies. If these third-party services collect information, they do so anonymously and in the aggregate to provide information helpful to us such as website trends, without identifying individual visitors.
In addition, we may use services provided by third parties to display relevant content, products, services and advertising to you. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, gifs, tags and similar technologies to collect or receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet. They may then use that information to provide measurement services, for research and development, market research and analyzing audience online activity, so we can understand your interests and retarget advertisements based on your previous visits to this website and improve the service of our business. As part of these activities, We may create anonymous data (including aggregated and/or de-identified data) from personal information We collect by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We may use this anonymous data and disclose it to third parties for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the Services and promote our business.
User-supplied information: If you fill out the “contact” form on this website, we will ask you to provide some personal information (such as e-mail address, name, phone number and state). We only require that you provide your first name, e-mail address and zip code when opting to receive our email newsletters. Further, if chat is available through this site, you may be asked to provide information if you participate in an online chat. Please do not submit any confidential, proprietary or sensitive personally identifiable information (e.g. Social Security Number; date of birth; driver’s license number; or credit card, bank account or other financial information) (collectively, “Sensitive Information”). If you submit any Sensitive Information, you do so at your own risk and we will not be liable to you or responsible for consequences of your submission.
Information that you provide to us through the contact form or an online chat will be used so that we may respond to your inquiry. We may also use information you provide to us to communicate with you in the future. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may opt out (unsubscribe) as described below under Opt-Out of Marketing Communications.
How We Use Personally Identifiable Information
We may use personal information we obtain about you to:
facilitate and personalize your user experience and improve the Services;
conduct statistical analysis of the content, layout, and features of the Services for our marketing purposes;
communicate with you regarding our company, products and other Services;
respond to your requests or inquiries;
register you for our email and mailing lists or for promotions, giveaways or offers conducted in connection with the Services;
respond to job inquiries and job applications submitted by you;
send marketing information to you, such as promotional offers or information about new product offerings, programs, or initiatives;
provide location services such as finding our products via zip code;
prevent, investigate, identify, stop, or take any other action with regard to suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity, or any activity that violates our policies; or
for any other purpose, with your consent where appropriate.
Your Choices with Respect to Personal Data
If you communicate with us or mention us via social media (such as Facebook, Google, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, YouTube) or other third party online platforms, we may collect information about you, such as the communications, your name, your user ID and/or user name associated with that platform and any information or content you have permitted the platform to share with us. The platform provider’s privacy policy will apply to your interactions and its collection, use and sharing of your personal information, including when you interact with pages that We maintain on social media platforms. You or the platforms may provide us with information about you, and we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You should check your privacy settings in your social media accounts to understand and change the information sent to us through these services
Opt-Out of Marketing Communications: When you provide your email address, we will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our products and our Services. You may opt-out of marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions provided at the bottom of any e-mail you receive from us or by contacting us directly as set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. Despite opting out of marketing-related emails, you may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms and Agreement or Privacy Policy.
You may be able to opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by some
third parties by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices. You can opt out of Google’s use of cookies
by visiting Google’s Ad Settings. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll’s and their partners’; targeted advertising. Please see “Cookies” in the section above for more information on how you
can control the use of cookies on your computer.
Do Not Track: Our web services do not alter, change, or respond upon receiving Do Not Track (DNT) requests or signals in browsers. As described in more detail above, we track user activity using web server logs, cookies and similar technologies. Information collected in web server logs helps us analyze website usage and improve the user’s experience. Cookies allow us to offer you a customized experience and present relevant advertising to you.
How We Protect Personally Identifiable Information
We take certain appropriate security measures to help protect your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures. We shall not be responsible for the acts or omissions of any third parties.
Who We Share Access With
We will not sell, rent, or lease mailing lists or other user data to others, and we will not make your personal information available to any unaffiliated parties, except as follows:
to agents, affiliates, joint marketing partners and joint ventures, advertising partners, website vendors and/or contractors who may use it on our behalf or in connection with their relationship with us; and
as required by law, in a matter of public safety or policy, as needed in connection with the transfer of our business assets (for example, if we are acquired by another firm or if we are liquidated during bankruptcy proceedings), or if we believe in good faith that sharing the data is necessary to protect our rights or property.
Correcting, Amending or Deleting Personally Identifiable Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Contact us via the contact information at the end of this Privacy Policy at any time to:
see what data we have about you, if any;
change/correct any data we have about you;
ask us to delete any data we have about you; and/or
opt out of future communications from us.
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us using the contact information provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
The online Services are not intended for, and are not intentionally targeted to, children under 13, and we do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age through the Services. If we learn that the online Services have received personal information directly from a child who is under the age of 13, we will delete the information in accordance with applicable law. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact us as provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
United States Only
This Site is intended for use by residents of the United States of America only. All matters relating to this Site are governed by laws within the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and you contact us, please be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and that by submitting information you explicitly authorize this transfer and the processing of this information within the United States.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
If there are any material changes in the way we treat Personal Information, we will notify you by
sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your communication preferences or by
placing a prominent notice on our online Services prior to the change becoming effective.
Contact Us
You may contact with requests or questions about this Privacy Policy by:
Calling our toll-free number at 1-800-588-7782
Sending mail to:
Pulmuone Foods USA
2315 MOORE AVENUE
FULLERTON, CA 92833
Emailing inquiry@nasoya.com
Effective June 8, 2020