http://www.amig.com/company/legal/internet-privacy-policy/
You have clicked on a link that will open a window to a website that may not be managed by American Modern Insurance Group.
Would you like to proceed?
Yes
No
Make a Payment  |  Online Services Login  |  Blog  |  Just for Agents
Menu
Home
/
company
/
Internet Privacy Policy
Search:
Search Button:
Customer Center
Insurance Products
I'm an Agent
About Us
Internet Privacy Policy
Company Information
News
Media resources
Careers
Management team
Company values
Company history
Directions
Contact us
Welcome to the Internet Privacy Policy of American Modern Insurance Group, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively referred to herein as “Website”). Throughout these terms and conditions, the terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer, as appropriate in the context, to American Modern Insurance Group, Inc. or one or more of its subsidiaries.
PLEASE READ THIS INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE.
Access to the Web Site is conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of the internet privacy policy contained herein.
Your use of the Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such policies. If you do not agree to these policies, you should immediately cease use of the Web Site.
Use, Collection, and Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information Collected on this Web Site. Personally identifiable information is used and collected when you voluntarily provide it to us in order to provide service to you. Except as otherwise stated herein, we use your personally identifiable information to fulfill or meet the reason for which the information was provided or for the purpose stipulated on the individual form requesting such information. For example, we collect personally identifiable information that site visitors provide when they complete and submit any online form, application, survey, resume or when they request a quote for insurance, which may include your first and last names, address, e-mail address, phone number, license number, and/or date of birth. We also collect and store the contents of e-mail you send to us, along with your contact address and our response.  We do not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties.
We do not share such information with third parties unless it is to our affiliated companies, our service providers, to third parties that you have requested or authorized, or third parties where disclosure permitted or required by law (such as to law enforcement).
Use of Cookies. A cookie is a message sent to your browser from a web server that is stored on your computer’s hard drive. The message is sent back to the web server whenever the browser requests a page from that server. Like many commercial internet websites, we may use cookies to perform analytics, improve your user experience (such as speed up your future activities on the website), better tailor our websites and products to your interests and needs, and advertise content to you, which we think you will be interested. This may include working with our advertising partners to display advertisements to you on our website and websites of other companies based on your activities.   While a code in the cookie file enables the site to label you as a particular user, it does not contain any personally identifiable information about you and we do not use cookies to personally identify you.
We partner with third party marketing partners, including Facebook, which use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our website as well as elsewhere on the Internet. Our partners use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. To opt-out of ad targeting, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance’s http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Do Not Track Requests. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent, or employ blocking mechanisms.  When such mechanisms are used, we do not track cookies, however, the rejection of cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and you may have to enter information to take advantage of services.
Children. We do not use our Websites to solicit data from or market to children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you may use our Websites only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Hyperlinks. Our Websites contain hyperlinks or “links” to other sites, and other sites may “link” to this site. Websites linking to and from our Websites may have different privacy practices from the ones described herein. Visitors to our Websites should read the privacy statements of other websites they visit. Our privacy policy applies solely to information collected by our Web Site. See our Legal Terms and Conditions for more information about Hyperlinks.
Changes to Our Internet Privacy Policy. We may, from time to time, make changes to our privacy policy. The most recent version is always available on this website. We recommend that visitors to this site re-visit this privacy policy on occasion to learn of new privacy practices and changes to our policy.
Legal Disclaimers, Terms and Conditions. Our privacy policy does not supersede the Legal Disclaimers, Terms and Conditions that govern your use of our Websites. Any conflict between the two shall be determined in favor of such Legal Disclaimers, Terms and Conditions.
How to Contact Us. Should you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or the collection of information, please e-mail us at webinfo@amig.com.
For more information about using our Websites, please view our Legal Terms and Conditions.
For California Residents:
This section supplements our Internet Privacy Policy and provides specific information for residents of California (“consumers” in this section), as required under California privacy laws, and is intended to satisfy the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), which requires that we provide certain information to California consumers about how we handle certain kinds of your personal information that we have collected, whether online or offline.  Under the CCPA, “personal information” is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, including the categories identified in the table below to the extent they identify, relate to, describe, are reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
Categories of Sources of Personal Information Collected
Vendors
Identifiers including company name, legal name, address, corporate URL, email address, fax number, phone number, tax ID, VAT ID, legal form of the company, parent company, DUNS number, references, parent company annual revenue, number of permanent employees, and year company was founded.
Commercial information, including goods/services supplied, product/service portfolio, countries your products/services are available, countries you are producing goods or supplying services from, whether you are a current or past supplier, key account manager and contact information, pricing information and certifications.
Commercial Insureds and Claimants
Identifiers including insured name, mailing address, legal form of the company, SIC code, federal ID #, years in business, financials and summary of experience (if new entity), contact, website address, and phone number.
Underwriting information, which may include photos of insured properties, inventories of personal business property, and loss payee name and loss history.
Other information, which may include a unit schedule and description of units, prior insurance company, driver information (name, date of birth, driver’s license # and state and social security #), and premises/location address.
Employees
Identifiers including name, mailing address, email address, social security number, employment history, education history, bank routing and account number (for direct deposit), social security number and inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting the employee’s preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, abilities, and aptitude.
Agents
Identifiers including name, mailing address, phone number, fax number, email address, DBA or C/O, federal tax ID,  E&O carrier, E&O policy number, social security number, and location information.
The Business or Commercial Purpose for Collecting Personal Information
Vendors
You provide this information to us when submitting an application and entering into a contract with us to allow us to manage the application process, assess and confirm your suitability for the specific product/service and to contact the you as needed throughout the course of business.
Commercial Insureds and Claimants
You provide this information to us when submitting an application to allow us to underwrite the risk, set a premium for the policy, and, if applicable, adjust claims.
Employees
This information is collected and used to evaluate your application for employment, to register you as a new employee, and to enroll you in benefits.
Agents
You provide this information upon entering into an agency agreement with us.
Categories of Third Parties With Whom the Business Shares Personal Information
Vendors
Regulatory officials and law enforcement as required.
Commercial Insureds and Claimants
Regulatory officials and law enforcement as required, lienholders or mortgagees, information analytics and research vendors (for actuarial, underwriting, and product development purposes), insurance software companies, insurance agents, reinsurance brokers, inspection vendors, attorneys, court reporters, arbitrators, mediators, fire and/or police departments, ladder assists, salvage, subrogation, contractors engineer, temporary accommodations, and repair networks, and other insurance carriers.
Employees
Regulatory officials and law enforcement as required, background check vendors, licensing vendors, corporate credit card vendors, corporate housing vendors, continuing education vendors, travel and fleet vehicle vendors, water sensor manufacturers (if voluntarily signed up to participate in IoT Water Sensor pilot), policyholders, agents, social media, employee tax service, health carriers, retirement plan custodians, eVerify, and IBM Brass Ring applicant tracking system.
Agents
Regulatory officials and law enforcement as required, policyholders, insurance software companies, insurance agents, CRM (customer relationship management) vendors, phone system vendors, social media, outside counsel as needed regarding claims, lienholders, reinsurers, mail service vendors, research vendors, and printing vendors.
Sale of Personal Information
We do not sell personal information. In the past 12 months, we have not sold your personal information.
Your Rights Pertaining to Your Personal Information
The CCPA grants you particular rights (subject to certain exceptions) with respect to your personal information that companies may hold about you. Each of your rights is outlined in more detail below:
Requests for Copy, Deletion and Right to Know. Subject to certain exceptions, California consumers have the right to make the following requests, at no charge, up to twice every 12 months:
Deletion: the right to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about you. Please note that California law provides you this right subject to certain exemptions that may apply (for example, where the information is used by us to detect security incidents, debugging, to comply with a legal obligation, or otherwise not subject to a deletion request).
Copy: the right to request a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you in the prior 12 months.
Right to Know. You have the right to request that we tell you how we have handled your personal information in the prior 12 months, including:
the categories of personal information we collected, sold, or disclosed for a business purpose
the categories of sources from which we collected personal information
the business or commercial purposes for collecting and selling your personal information
The categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed for a business purpose your personal information and the specific categories of personal information sold or disclosed to each category of third party
How to Exercise Your Rights
In order to exercise any of the rights described above, please contact us by:
Contacting us at 844-842-6675
Clicking here www.amigdsr.ethicspoint.com and completing the form.
We may need to request specific and/or additional information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access or delete your personal information. This is a security measure designed to prevent the disclosure of your personal information to a person who has no right to receive it. We will only use this information to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
We will deliver our written response to you. We will not charge you a fee for access to your personal information (or to exercise any of your other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, excessive, or manifestly unfounded, or we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We will not be obligated to respond to more than two requests for data access/data portability in a 12-month period. Any responses will cover the 12-month period preceding your request.
Incentives and Discrimination. The CCPA prohibits discrimination against California consumers for exercising their rights under the CCPA and imposes requirements on any financial incentives offered to California consumers related to their personal information. Businesses may offer different prices, rates, or quality of goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value of the consumer’s data.
Authorized Agents. You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf.
For More Information. For questions or concerns about the business’s privacy policies and practices please contact us via the same phone number or website used to exercise your rights listed above.
Effective: January 1, 2020
Tweet
Home
Customer center
Make a payment
File a claim
Change your policy
Manage your account
Insurance solutions
Landlord property
Vacation home
Vacant property
Full-time home
Mobile home
Collector car
Boat
Yacht
Personal watercraft
Motorcycle
All-terrain vehicle
Golf cart
Snowmobile
Company overview
Newsroom
Media resources
Management team
Careers
Company values
Company history
Campus directions
Contact us
Adjuster training
Coverage is subject to policy terms, conditions, limitations, exclusions, underwriting review and approval, and may not be available for all risks or in all states. Rates and discounts vary, are determined by many factors and are subject to change.
Policies are written by one of the licensed insurers of American Modern Insurance Group, Inc., including American Modern Home Insurance Company d/b/a in CA American Modern Insurance Company (Lic. No 2222-8).
Corporate office
|
7000 Midland Blvd.
|
Amelia, OH 45102
| webinfo@amig.com
Mailing address
|
PO Box 5323
|
Cincinnati, OH 45201-5323
© 2020 American Modern Insurance Group, Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy policy | Legal disclaimers | Notice of information practices
Make a PaymentFile a Claim OnlineLogin to Online ServicesManage Your Account