https://www.thefreelancecopywriter.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Copywriting services
Copywriting for print, copyediting & proofreading
SEO copywriting services
Blog writing service
About me
Portfolio
Copywriting FAQs
Testimonials
Rates
Blog
Contact me
Privacy Policy
Here is my Privacy Policy. I want to make sure you are happy with my service whilst making you aware of how seriously I take my responsibilities over the data and information you share with me.
Data Policy and Use of Website
Your use of The Freelance Copywriter website is subject to the following policies and terms, which you are deemed to accept each time you use the site.
By submitting personal related data to me, you agree to be bound by this privacy policy and agree that I may disclose information about you as set out in the privacy policy.
Data Policy
The Freelance Copywriter is committed to the privacy of all of its customers. All client information is collected and processed in accordance with the UK’s data protection legislation, including the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
Your data is processed in line with the eight data protection principles which outline that data shall be:
fairly and lawfully processed;
processed for limited purposes;
adequate, relevant and not excessive;
accurate;
not kept longer than necessary;
processed in accordance with the data subjects’ rights;
secure; and
not transferred to countries outside the EEA without adequate protection.
ICO Registration
According to the ICO Registration assessment, I am only processing personal data for the core business purposes of administration, accounts and records, advertising, marketing and public relations in connection with my own business activity. This means that I am not required to register with the ICO.
Collection of personal information
The only information I collect about you is the information that you supply to me yourself through enquiry, publicly available data, email correspondence or a double opt-in to my e-newsletter. Such information will be treated in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).
For the purpose of invoicing, I use an online accounting system called Kashflow, which uses the same encryption techniques as all of the major internet banking services. Data is monitored 24/7 and kept behind a secure Firewall. The data is held by Rackspace. Not only are Rackspace the world’s leader in website hosting, boasting a zero-downtime network, they have a state of the art high-security data centre built from the ground up, that includes keycard protocols, biometric scanning and round-the-clock surveillance. The data centre can only be accessed by authorised personnel. You can read more about Kashflow’s security at:  https://www.kashflow.com/about/security/
Use of personal information
Personal information will only be collected and stored for the purposes of completing copywriting services on your behalf or responding to your enquiries.
If you have signed up to receive my e-newsletter, I will send emails to you offering copywriting advice and occasional information about my services. You have the opportunity to unsubscribe from these emails by clicking the unsubscribe link on the email itself or by emailing emma@thefreelancecopywriter.co.uk with the heading Unsubscribe.
I hate spam with a passion and will never spam you, sell your email address to anyone or share your contact details with anyone else.
Requesting a copy of the information I store
You can request a copy of the information I hold about you and revoke your consent to my use of your information for the above-listed purposes at any time by contacting me at emma@thefreelancecopywriter.co.uk
Use of Cookies
Please see my Cookie Policy to understand how cookies are used on this website.
How I store data
I have robust security measures in place to strive to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under my control. Whilst I cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, I make every effort to guard against any such occurrences.
I take active steps to protect against viruses, spyware, and other malware. My computer is password protected and only used by me. My mobile devices are pin protected and have anti-virus and Internet security software in place.
How I back up data
All data I store within copywriting documents is backed up automatically to an external encrypted drive every day. The data within these documents is usually destined to be published in the public domain when the copy goes to print or is published online.
How I send data to you
Security of information transmitted over the internet cannot be assured, therefore at your request, we can password protect files before sending them to you via email, with passwords communicated by text message or verbally by telephone.
Documents can also be shared via secure cloud services such as Google Docs.
Your rights
You have the right to ask me not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. I will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if I intend to use your data for such purposes or if I intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting me at emma@thefreelancecopywriter.co.uk
My site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other the websites, typically for the purpose of linking back to the source information mentioned in a blog. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that I do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Changes
Any changes to this privacy policy will be communicated promptly on this page.
I may update my privacy policy and cookie policy from time to time, so would advise that you check it each time you visit the website.
Call me on 07960 958 820
Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, packed full of copywriting advice for small businesses
Email Address :
Facebook
1,304Fans
Post
72Post
Comment
119Comments
Like The Freelance Copywriter on FacebookIs this you? I can help!
Hot blog topicsarticles
blog copywriting
blogging
blogs
branding
briefing form
brochure
brochures
call to action
case studies
copyediting
copywriting
copywriting advice
copywriting for print
design
e-newsletters
ebooks
education
freelance copywriter
Google
Google Analytics
Google Authorship
guest blog
guides
headlines
healthcare
ideal customer
journals
landing pages
leaflets
Make it easy to buy from you
marketing
marketing copy
newsletters
proofreading
prospectuses
research
search engine optimisation
SEO copywriting
small business
small business blogs
social media
storytelling
tone of voice
websites
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright © 2020 The Freelance Copywriter Copywriting & SEO copywriting that makes a difference to your business
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks