https://www.familyga.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or social security number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below or by completing the form on our contact us page.
https://www.familyga.com1640 Powers Ferry Rd, Building 3 Suite 100Marietta, GA 30067United States
Home Buyer InformationOverview
First Time Buyers
Certified HomeBuyer
Home Mortgage FAQ
Mortgage Calculators
Interest Rates – Home Purchase
Refinance InformationOverview
No Closing Cost Refinance Program
Mortgage Calculators
Mortgage Refinance FAQ
Interest Rates – Refinance