https://www.calyxsoftware.com/privacy-policy
Get Support
Contact Us
Sign In
MyCalyx
Customer Portal
WebCaster
Solutions
The Ultimate Guide to Loan Origination Software
Looking for a reliable and affordable LOS for your organization? We’ve used 30 years of experience to build this comprehensive guide to selecting the right loan origination software for your team.
Business Types
Who We Serve
Financial Institutions
Streamline your team's workflows so you can seamlessly process more loans—and serve more borrowers
Mortgage Bankers
Give your borrowers the anytime, anywhere, any device experience they want
Mortgage Brokers
Go digital with minimal implementation time, no hidden fees and no added costs
Calyx Products
Complete LOS Solutions
Products Overview
Our suite of LOS solutions
Point
The industry's leading LOS for mortgage brokers
PointCentral
Enjoy everything you love about Point and more
Path
Shorten your close cycle, improve your borrower experience and operations so you can close more loans
Additional Products
Helping You Succeed
Zenly
For the savvy mortgage broker looking for a cloud-based origination experience that’s simple and efficient.
Zip
Enable borrowers to quickly complete a Q&A-style borrower interview without any confusing forms
Portfolio Producer
Price and prequalify portfolio loans based upon your specific program guidelines
Why Calyx
Benefits & Results
Resources
Customer Portal
Blog
Events
Webinars
Company
About Calyx
In the News
Careers
Calyx Privacy Policy
(Last Updated January 1, 2020)
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Calyx Technology, Inc. dba Calyx is committed to honoring the privacy of our customers. Our customer information is not for sale, rent, lease or trade, and we will not disclose our customer information to any third parties without consent, except as may be required by law.
Our relationship with you is our most important asset. We understand that you have entrusted us with private financial information, and we do everything we can to maintain that trust with our customers. The following details our approach to privacy.
Type of Information Collected
In order to service your account, we may require any of the following information for the purpose of administering, operating, hosting, configuring, designing, maintaining and providing internal support for our Website and our Software Products. This includes Personal Information, Browsing Information, Customer Information, and Payment Information.
Personal Information
Personal Information includes Browsing Information or Payment Information where such information can directly or indirectly identify an individual. Browsing Information refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed. Please see the "Navigation Information" section below.
Calyx may collect the following categories of personal information (“Personal Information”), which may include, among other things:
Contact information first and last name, mailing or property address, phone number, email address);
Username, password, and security questions and answers;
Demographic information (e.g., date of birth, gender, marital status);
Social security number (SSN), and other government ID numbers;
Loan account information (e.g., loan number);
Bank account and credit/debit card numbers; and
Other personal information needed from you to provide loan services to you.
Browsing Information
You are free to explore the websites without providing any Personal Information about yourself. We use Browsing Information to operate and improve the websites and the Subscription Service and may also use Browsing Information alone or in combination with Personal Information to provide you with personalized information about Calyx.
Calyx may also collect the following categories of browsing information (“Browsing Information”), which may include, among other things:
Internet Protocol (or IP) address or device ID/UDID, protocol and sequence information;
Browser language and type;
Domain name system requests;
Browsing history, such as time spent at a domain, time and date of your visit, and number of clicks;
Http headers, application client and server banners;
Operating system and fingerprinting data; and
Aggregated information
Customer Information
When servicing your account, we may require any of the following information: first and last name, job title, company name, address, billing/mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card/payment information and refer to this as Customer Information.
Payment Information
We collect and process Payment Information from you when you subscribe to the Subscription Service, including credit card numbers and billing information.
How Information is Collected
In the course of our business, we may collect Personal Information about you from the following sources:
Applications or other forms we receive from you or your authorized representative, which may include information about your assets and income and identifying information, such as name, address and SSN; the correspondence you and others send to us;
Information we receive from you through the Website;
Information about your transactions with, or services performed by, us, our affiliates or nonaffiliated third parties;
Information we receive from your computer or mobile device;
Information we receive from our partners or service providers;
Information from consumer or other reporting agencies and public records maintained by governmental entities that we obtain directly from those entities, from our affiliates or others, such as your creditworthiness and credit history; and
Information we receive from other sources, as permitted by applicable laws, rules, and regulations.
Information We Collect from Third Parties
From time to time, we may receive Personal Information about you from third party sources including partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities, and publicly available sources such as social media websites.
California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure (view) & Personal Information Request Form (view)
This California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosure explains how Calyx Technology Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, the "Company," "we," or "us") collect[s], use[s], and disclose[s] personal information relating to California residents, and is provided pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA").
You may submit requests directly through the Privacy Policy Center phone number (844) 684 -1146, using the Personal Information Request Form, or via email at privacy_policy@calyxsoftware.com. For more information about the CCPA click here.
Use of Information Collected
Calyx uses the Customer information you supply offline or online in order to provide you with better service, products/services and to maintain your account.  In the event you do not “opt out”, Calyx may use the provided Customer Information to alert you to product information and updates, special offers, new products and other Calyx information.
Calyx does not disclose or share consumer information with third parties, other than (1) those with which the  has contracted to interface with the Calyx, (2) law enforcement or other governmental authority in connection with an investigation, or civil or criminal subpoenas or court orders, or (3) as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. The privacy notices of those Lenders shall apply and you should refer to those privacy notices and/or contact your Lender or Servicer to understand how your Personal Information will be used by such Lenders or Servicers. We are not responsible or liable for the content, privacy policies, or practices of third parties.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Calyx has security measures and procedural safeguards in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information we collect that is under our control and to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information.
Calyx's websites may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links and left our site, Calyx is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any linked third-party websites. You should exercise caution and read the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Information Tracked
Browser Log Files. Our servers automatically log each visitor to the Website and collect and record certain browsing information about each visitor. The Browsing Information includes only generic information and reveals nothing personal about the user.
Cookies. When you visit our Website, a “cookie” may be sent to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. When you visit the Website again, the cookie allows the Website to recognize your computer. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing your Internet browser settings, which may impair or limit some functionality of the Website
Web Beacons or Tracking Pixels. Some of our web pages and electronic communications may contain images, which may or may not be visible to you, known as Web Beacons or Tracking Pixels (sometimes referred to as ‘clear gifs’). Web Beacons collect only limited information that includes a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the Web Beacon resides. Tracking pixels may also be used when a user visits a Calyx website or opens a Calyx email and is used to track certain user activities. With a tracking pixel, Calyx may acquire data for online marketing, web analysis or email marketing. We may also carry Web Beacons and Tracking Pixels placed by third party advertisers.
Unique Identifier. We may assign you a unique identifier to help keep track of your future visits. We use this information to gather aggregate demographic information about our visitors, and we may use it to personalize the information you see on the Website and some of the electronic communications you receive from us. We keep this information for our internal use.
Specific Product Practices
The following notices explain specific privacy practices with respect to certain Calyx products and services that you may use:
Point and PointCentral Interface Security Statement
Point and PointCentral Non-public Personal Information Privacy and Security Policy
WebCaster Privacy Policy
WebCaster Non-public Personal Information Privacy and Security Policy
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your interactions with this site or you may call (844) 684 -1146 or email privacy_policy@calyxsoftware.com.
Calyx reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Updates are posted at Calyx’s website, www.calyxsoftware.com.When Calyx posts changes to this statement, we will also revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of the statement. Calyx encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Calyx is helping to protect your information.
Stay in the Loop Sign up to receive tips and updates from top mortgage experts.
© Calyx Technology, Inc. 2020. All rights reserved.
Contact Us
About Calyx
Careers
Get Support
Privacy Policy
MyCalyx
Customer Portal
1.800.362.2599