https://www.beveragefactory.com/privacy_statement.shtml
We are open for business, however our showroom is closed. Click here to read our Covid-19 Action Plan.
Holiday Sale
HomeCustomer ServicePrivacy Policy
Product Lines
COVID-19 Update
Custom Print & Branded Products
Draft Beer Equipment
Homebrewing Equipment
Wine Equipment
Coffee Equipment
Home Bar & Barware
Appliances
Clearance Outlet
Today's Deals
Featured Products
Shop By Brand
Shop By Category
Gift Certificates
The Beverage Blog
Contact Center
Customer Service Area Account Login
Advanced Search
Track Your Order Store Location
About Us
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 12/05/2019
Cydea, Inc. ("we" or "us" or "our") respects the privacy of our users ("user" or "you").
This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy" or "Policy") describes how we obtain, use, share and protect your personal information, including information gathered through your use of www.beveragefactory.com (the "Site"), and any services we may provide (collectively, "Services"). This Privacy Policy covers data, including personal information, collected through our Services and all other means whether online or offline. By using our Services, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Services.
This policy may be updated from time to time without prior notice, so please check back periodically. If you continue to use our Services after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
Collection of Your Information
We may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes:
Personal Data
When you contact us by phone, email, via our website or any other way, you may provide personal information, such as your first and last name; email address; phone number; postal address; information contained in correspondence; and payment information. You may also provide marketing and communications data, including your preferences for receiving mailings from us. We do not intend to collect additional personal information from you, however, we ask you to keep in mind that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example, in a product review - that information can be viewed and used by others.
We encourage you to exercise caution when making decisions about what information you disclose in such public areas.
Derivative Data
Information our servers automatically collect when you access the Site, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing the Site.
Financial Data
Financial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services from the Site.
Use of Information We Obtain
We may use the information we obtain about you to:
Create and manage your account;
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to the Site;
Email you regarding your account or order;
Communicate with you about Services, and respond to your inquiries;
Offer new products, services, and/or recommendations to you;
Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions and the Site to you;
Increase the efficiency and operation of the Site;
Perform other business activities as needed;
Maintain and enhance the safety and security of our Services and prevent misuse;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and policies; and
Otherwise manage and enhance our Services.
Disclosure of Your Information
We will not sell, rent or disclose your personal information to anyone except as described. We share your personal information with agents and service providers including third-party service providers for the purposes of fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and providing search results and links (including paid listings and links). We do not authorize these agents or service providers to use or disclose the personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
We also may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (6) otherwise with your consent.
Your Rights With Respect to the Personal Information We Have Collected
You have the right to:
Know what personal information we have about you and request a copy of the same;
Update or change any incorrect personal information;
Ask us to stop collecting, processing and using your personal information in certain ways; and
Request the portability of your personal information.
If you wish to do any of the above, please send an email request to support@beveragefactory.com or call us directly toll-free at
800.710.9939. We may refuse to comply with a request if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or repetitive in nature. We may be entitled to refuse request, wholly or partly, where exceptions under the applicable law apply.
Opting Out
You may opt out of receiving email marketing communications from us at any time by using the "unsubscribe" link in emails, or by emailing us at support@beveragefactory.com. To opt out of physical mailings and telephone communications, or to add your name to our do-not-share list, you may email us at the above address or call us at 800.710.9939. We will be sure your name is removed from our list [and the list we share with other organizations] as soon as possible after we provide your request. Please be aware, however, that even after your request is processed, we may, for a time, retain residual information about you in backup and/or archival copies of our database.
How we Protect Personal Information
We are committed to using our best efforts to maintaining the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we adhere to industry standard practices and procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect. Although we use our best efforts to protect the security of your personal information and our system, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, no transmission via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result of this and other factors beyond our control, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit to or through our Services. Therefore, you assume that risk by using our Services. Our Websites are secured and verified by Trustwave and Comodo Secure Certificate Authority.
Who to Contact
To report any issues or concerns, or to contact us with any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, email us at support@beveragefactory.com, or call 800.710.9939.
You may also contact us as follows:
Fax: 858.527.0188
Postal Address:
BeverageFactory.com
8510 Miralani Dr.
San Diego, CA 92126
×
Select Language
Please choose from the available languages below:
Close