http://www.magtech.com.tw/supplier_private_privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Welcome to visit www.magtech.com.tw (hereinafter referred to as this Website). In order to allow you to use this Website’s services and information with confidence, we hereby provide you with this Website's privacy policy to protect your rights and interests. Please read the following carefully:
Scope of the privacy policy
The content of the privacy policy includes how this Website processes the personal identity information collected when you use the Website’s service. The privacy policy does not apply to relevant links of websites other than this Website, nor does it apply to the people who are not delegated by this Website or involved with the management of it.
Collection, processing and way of the use of personal information
Purposes and classifications of the use of information
Purposes of the use of information
(Filling in the follows in accordance with the “The specific purpose and the classification of personal information of the Personal Information Protection Act” publicized by the Ministry of Justice):
040 Marketing, 063 Non-government agency collect or process personal information under legal obligations, 075 Technology Administration, 090 Consumer, Customer Management and Service, 099 Domestic and overseas interchange business, 107 Procurement and Supply Management, 135 Information (Communication) Services
Classifications of the use of information
(Filling in the follows in accordance with the “The specific purpose and the classification of personal information of the Personal Information Protection Act” publicized by the Ministry of Justice):
C001 Type for identifying individuals: Including but not limited to name, home telephone number, cell phone number, the E-mail address, record providing internet identity authentication or applying inquiry service record, Internet protocol address, Cookie as well as any other data which can identify the individual.
C038 Occupation
Time period, area, target and way of the use of information
Time period of the use of information
The time period of the use of the abovementioned personal information refers to the necessary preservation duration determined according to the specific purpose of collection, relevant laws or regulations and the execution of the business (the one which is longer than the period provided by law), or the period of the preservation duration according to individual contracts.
Area of the use of information
In order to provide relevant services, it may be used in the company's offices around the world.
Target and way of the use of information
The introduction and marketing of products and advertisements, such as the company and third parties who have an exclusive cooperative relationship with the company and the products and services provided by the company's group and partners.
The statistics and analysis of the collected inquiries, statistical data or explanatory texts of the analysis results presented. Except for the use of internal study, we may publish statistical data and explanatory texts as necessary, but it will not involve information of specific individuals.
Protection of information
The host of this Website is equipped with various information security devices and necessary security measures, such as firewalls and anti-virus systems. This Website and your personal information are protected by strict protection measures. Only authorized personnel has access to your personal information. If there is any violation of confidentiality obligations, it will be subject to relevant legal actions.
If it is necessary for the Website to delegate other companies to provide services, this Website will also strictly require that they abide by its confidentiality obligations, and take the necessary inspection procedures to determine that they will fully comply.
Relevant external links of the Website
This Website provides links to other websites. You may also click to enter other websites through the links provided on this Website. However, the linked websites do not apply the privacy policy of this Website. You must refer to the privacy policy of the linked websites.
Policy of sharing personal information with third party
Except in the following situations, this Website will never disclose your personal information to third parties that are not related to this service or use it for the purposes other than those mentioned above:
obtain your written consent;
require by law;
in order to exclude the risks of your life, body, freedom or property;
When a statistical or academic research of the cooperation with public agencies or academic research institutions is necessary for public interests, and the information processed by the provider or the collector is not identifiable for the specific party according to the way of disclosure.
When your conducts on this Website violate the terms of service, or may damage or obstruct the rights of this Website and other users, or cause harm to any person, the analysis and disclosure of your personal information conducted by the management team of this Website are necessary for identification, contact or taking legal action.
When this Website delegates the vendors to help in the collection, processing or use of your personal information, it will be responsible for the supervision and management of the outsourcing vendors or individuals.
Your rights to your personal information
You have the right to require the following matters at any time:
Inquire personal information, obtain copies of (it may cost you the necessary cost and expense), modify or supply your personal information
Stop using your personal information on marketing or receiving specific or any kind of marketing materials
Except for the personal information of user required to be kept by law, require to delete, stop processing and using your personal information
Request your personal information be “forgotten” (technically erased) or object to the Website processing it
Use of Cookies
In order to provide the best service for you, this Website will place and acquire cookies in your computer. If you refuse browser cookies, you may set up the highest privacy level in the browser you are using to stop the use of Cookies. However, some functions of this Website may not be used properly after it. During normal browsing, the server will record the relevant actions on its own, including the IP address, using time, browsers, browsing and click-through data records of your connected devices for us to enhance our Website services. This record is for internal use only and will never be disclosed.
Amendments of the privacy policy
This Website's privacy policy may be amended at any time if necessary. The amended terms will be announced on the Website and be effective immediately from the time of the announcement.
Users living in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland should note that the personal information we obtain or receive from you may be transferred, processed and stored outside the European Economic Area or Switzerland as described in this privacy policy. We value your privacy seriously and will take measures to protect your information, and we have implemented similar safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners, including ensuring a perfect information protection based on The European Data Protection Regulation.
If you have any advices on the personal information and privacy policy of this Website or you request to remove the personal information you have logged in on this Website, please email to: service@magtech.com.twexport@magtech.com.tw. We will process and respond the result to you as soon as possible.