http://www.mustad.no/side/privacy-policy
Alle produkterKrokerAllround-krokTreblekrokSirkelkrokFluekrokJighoderKroksettSlukerI enden av snøretSvivlerSplittringerRiggerHeklerFastachRig & SurfFortommerVerktøy og kniverKniverTengerSaksAvkrokingKleppDiverse tilbehørKlærCapserHanskerOppbevaringBagerInspirasjonTips og triksNyheterAlleTips og triksEt virvar av vinger og beinNyheterMustad—mer enn krokNyheterMustad Introduserer InkVaderenAmericasUnited StatesEuropeNorway1. IntroductionO. Mustad & Son AS (“Mustad”, “our,” or “we”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (“Policy”).  This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you purchase products (“Mustad Products”) from us, visit the website Mustad-fishing.com and all subdomains of mustad-fishing.com (our “Website”), and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.This Policy applies to information we collect:  • on our Website;  • in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and our Website; and  • when you order Mustad Products from us.It does not apply to information collected by:  • us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Mustad, its affiliates, or any third party; or  • any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to the Website.  Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website and not to purchase Mustad Products from our Website. By ordering Mustad Products or by accessing or using our Website, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. This Policy may change from time to time (see “Changes to Our Privacy Policy”). Your continued use of the Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.2. Data ControllerMustad is the data controller of your Personal Data. Mustad will appoint a Data Protection Officer and a representative in the European Union in compliance with the General Data Protection Directive before May 25, 2018. When this occurs, we will update this Privacy Policy to reflect such appointments. Mustad, its Data Protection Officer, or its representative may be contacted in any manner set forth below.3. Children under the Age of 18Our Website is not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any information to or on the Website, including purchasing products. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on our Website or on or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us through any of the mechanisms specified below.5. Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It5.1 GenerallyWe collect several types of information from and about users of our Website:• by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number or other payment information (as further detailed below) (“Personal Data”);  • that is about you but individually does not directly identify you, such as the name and password of your wireless network; and/or  • about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.5.2 Information You Provide to Us The information we collect on or through our Website are:  • information that you provide to us when you create or modify your online account, subscribe for email, text, or other messages; purchase Mustad Products from us, request information from us, provide product reviews, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The information we collect may include your name, home address, email address, telephone number, and date of birth, and government ID number .  • information when you report a problem with our Website;  • details of transactions for Mustad Products you order and of the fulfillment of your orders, which may include credit card or debit card number or other payment information, billing information, and shipping address;  • records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us;  • content (e.g., posts, feedback, comments, photos, videos, messages) you generated via our Website, emails to us, social media, marketing campaigns and digital and online advertising; and  • your responses to customer surveys, quizzes, sweepstakes, or promotions that we might ask you to complete.The Personal Data collected from you is required to enter into the contract (in the forms of the Terms of Use for our Website) for you to access and use the Website and purchase Mustad Products from the Website. If you refuse to provide such Personal Data, then in some cases we may not be able to provide our services or products to you, fulfill our obligations to you, or you may not be able to access and use all of the features available to you on our Website.5.3 Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection TechnologiesAs you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect the following information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns:• details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, geolocation data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and  • information about your computer and internet connection, specifically your IP address, operating system, and browser type.  We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).  The information we collect automatically includes Personal Data and/or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us provide you with our services, improve our Website and deliver a better and more personalized service, enabling us to:  • estimate our audience size and usage patterns;  • store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests;  • speed up your searches; and  • recognize you when you return to our Website.The technologies we use for this automatic data collection are:• Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to collect certain information relating to your use of the Website. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the site. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our Website by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).  • Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website; and  • Web Beacons and Similar Technology. Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Mustad, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).6. Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking TechnologiesOur Website uses some applications provided by third-parties, including ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Data about your online activities over time. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see “Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information”.7. Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal DataIf you are in the European Union, the processing of your Personal Data is lawful only if it is permitted under the applicable data protection laws. We have a lawful basis for each of our processing activities (except when an exception applies as described below):• Consent. By using our Website and placing orders for Mustad Products, you consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your personal as described in this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, please do not use the Website or place orders for Mustad Products via the Website;  • Legitimate Interests. We will process your Personal Data as necessary for our legitimate interests such as to facilitate communication between Mustad and you, to improve our Website, provide products and services to you, promote our business, and to safeguard our IT infrastructure and intellectual property;  • To Fulfill Our Obligations to You under the Website’s Terms of Use. We process your Personal Data in order to fulfill our obligations to you pursuant to our Terms of Use; and  • As Required by Law. We may also process your Personal Data to respond to legal process such as subpoenas, or as necessary for us to protect our interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies (for instance, when necessary to prevent or detect fraud, attacks against our network, or other criminal and tortious activities), defend litigation, and manage complaints or claims.8. Purposes for Processing and How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data:• to present our Website and its contents to you;  • to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;  • to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;  • to ship Mustad Products to you that you purchased via the Website;  • to contact you regarding your Mustad Products orders;  • to process credit card and debit card transactions;  • to send you promotional materials or advertisements about our products and services, as well as new product and offerings;  • to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;  • to administer quizzes, surveys, sweepstakes, promotions and contests via the Website or email;  • to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;  • in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and  • for any other purpose with your consent.9. Disclosure of Your Information We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or that you provide as described in this privacy policy:• to contractors, service providers, managed service providers, and other third parties we use to support our Website and to provide our products and services to you;  • to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Mustad’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Mustad about our Website’s users is among the assets transferred;  • to comply with applicable law or reasonable request based on government regulation, court order, subpoena or regulatory request;  • to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;  • for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;  • to enforce or apply our Terms of Use for our Website and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes;  • if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Mustad, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;  • with your consent; or  • as may otherwise be disclosed at the time of collection.10. Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your InformationWe use the following third-party services to help us provide you with the services and to improve our Website and understand our users.• Google Analytics and Other Analytics Providers. We may use Google Analytics to collect certain information relating to your use of the Website. Google Analytics uses cookies as described above. You can find out more about how Google uses data when you visit our Website by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps” (located at www.gooogle.com/policies/privacy/partners);  • Interest Based Advertising. We may also use Google Analytics Advertising Features or other advertising networks (including, for example, Facebook Pixel) to provide you with interest-based advertising based on your online activity. We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. These third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options from members of the Network Advertising Initiative on its website (www.networkadvertising.org) and from members of the Digital Advertising Alliance on its website (www.aboutads.info); and  • Other Services. We also use other third-party providers to help us understand our users and to help us analyze and debug errors you may encounter when using our Website and our Sensors. These organizations are under contractual obligations to use this data only for providing the services to us and to maintain this information as strictly confidential. These third parties may, however, aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes.  We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:  • Cookies Disablement. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly;  • Email Messages Opt-Out. If you do not wish to have your email address used by Mustad to inform you about new features of Mustad Products or promotional information on our Website, you can opt-out by clicking unsubscribe on any email communications you receive from us.11. Your Rights to Your Information and Accessing and Correcting Your InformationApplicable data protection laws may provide you with certain rights with regards to our processing of your Personal Data.• Access and Update. You can review and change your Personal Data by logging into the Website and visiting your “Account” page. You may also notify us through the contact information below of any changes or errors in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. Please note that if you request access to your Personal Data other than through our Website, you may be charged a fee subject to a maximum set by applicable law.  • Restrictions. You have the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances. In particular, you can request we restrict our use of it if you contest its accuracy, if the processing of your Personal Data is determined to be unlawful, or if we no longer need your Personal Data for processing, but we have retained it as permitted by law.  • Complaints. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority in your country where you believe your rights under applicable data protection laws have been violated. However, before doing so, we request that you contact us directly in order to give us an opportunity to work directly with you to resolve any concerns about your privacy.  • Withdrawal of Consent. To the extent that our processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by closing your account. Withdrawing your consent will not, however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal, and will not affect the lawfulness of our continued processing that is based on any other lawful basis for processing your Personal Data.  • Right to Be Forgotten. You have the right to request that we delete all of your Personal Data. We cannot delete your Personal Data except by also deleting your user account, and we will only delete your account when we no longer have a lawful basis for processing your Personal Data or after a final determination that your Personal Data was unlawfully processed. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. In all other cases, we will retain your Personal Data as set forth in this Policy. Please note that closing your account will not affect information we collected using automatic data collection technologies. In addition, we cannot completely delete your Personal Data as some data may rest in previous backups. These will be retained for the periods set forth in our disaster recovery policies.  • How You May Exercise Your Rights. You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us through any of the methods below. If you contact us to exercise any of the foregoing rights, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. We reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you have failed to provide sufficient information to verify your identity or to satisfy our legal and business requirements.12. Do Not TrackCurrently our Website does not recognize if your browser sends a “do not track” signal or similar mechanism to indicate that you do not wish to be tracked or receive interests-based advertisement.13. Data Retention PeriodsMustad will retain your Personal Data for as long as you continue to have an account with us. After you close your account, we may retain your Personal Data for the longer of: (a) three (3) years, (b) as long as necessary to comply with any other legal requirement, or (c) for as long as necessary for us to protect our legal interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies.14. Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Data to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your information to third parties for this purpose.15. Data SecurityWe have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Our Website utilizes encryption technology, including Secure Sockets Layer, to protect your Personal Information transmitted to and from our Website. Your online account with us is password protected with restricted online access.The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.16. Consent to Processing of Personal Data in the United StatesOur Website and its entire contents, features, and functionality are made available to you from the United States. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) or other jurisdiction outside of the U.S., in order to provide our Website, products and services to you, we may store your Personal Data outside of the EEA, including the United States. This information may be collected directly from you on our Website outside the EEA. By using and accessing our Website, users who reside or are located in countries outside of the United States agree and explicitly consent to the collection to and processing of Personal Data on servers located outside of the country where they reside, and that the protection of such Personal Data may be different than required under the laws of their residence or location.17. Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website’s home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and through a notice on the Website’s home page. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Policy to check for any changes.18. Contact InformationIf you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, have any requests related to your Personal Data pursuant to applicable laws, or otherwise need to contact us, please email us and our representative in the European Union at info@mustad.no or through the “Contact” page on our Website and we will route your question or request to our personnel who can help you, including our European Union Representative. Alternatively, you may contact us or our representative in the European Union by postal mail and/or by phone at one of the following addresses:To contact Mustad (Controller)  O. Mustad & Son AS  3250 NE 1st Ave, Suite 210,  Miami, FL 33137  305-925-9972Contact details for Representatives or our Data Protection Officer will be provided upon appointment.Last updated: September 27th 2018.An error occured, please try to refresh the page