https://www.somethingdifferentwholesale.co.uk/order-policy/
Back To Top
Skip to main content
We use cookies on our website to enhance your experience. Click here to find out more about our usage.
Home>Wholesale No Minimum Order Policy | Something Different Wholesale
No Minimum Order Policy
That's right - we have a no minimum order policy so you can order what you want, when you want it.
At Something Different Wholesale we realise that your success is our success. It’s in our interest to help you grow your business. We value every customer, from small traders through to large high-street retailers.
So as well as stocking over 3,000 competitively priced products, producing our own exclusive designs, and having the best customer service in the industry - we also have a no minimum order policy (which really is something different in our industry!).
If you just want to buy a couple of items to test out on your customers or you need to top up your stocks - you won’t need to spend thousands of pounds to buy from us. You have the flexibility to purchase across our ranges, simply pick and choose what works best for your business - selecting as little or much as you need. Giving you the confidence to try new lines and grow your business at your own pace, without huge investment.
We show the price for a single item, as well as savings for buying in larger quantities. The only exceptions are when it’s just not practical for us to sell singles - such as breaking down a pack of 4 coasters!
We’re a trade-only wholesaler, so want to make sure our retailers get the best prices - and no personal shoppers slip through the net. So if you’re a new customer expect us to get in touch after you place your first order, to say hello and check your trade status.
*Please note that all orders under £50 do incur a £5 surcharge which will be automatically added to your basket.
Close
Newsletter Sign Up
First name *
Please enter a First NamePlease enter a valid First Name, the maximum length is 50 characters.
Last name *
Please enter a Last NamePlease enter a valid Last Name, the maximum length is 50 characters.
Email address *
Please enter a valid Email AddressPlease enter a valid Email AddressThe Email Address entered is already registered, please sign in with the Email Address or enter a different one
I’d like email updates about new product arrivals, exclusive promotional offers and the latest business information.We respect your privacy. Your information is safe and will never be shared.
You must consent to the storage and use of your personal data as laid out in our privacy notice.