http://www.wilburcurtis.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Statement of Wilbur Curtis Co.
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR ORGANIZATION AND WEB SITE
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like Wilbur Curtis Company.
Our principal activity is: Manufacturing and Sale of Hot & Cold Beverage Systems. Our privacy policy covers Wilbur Curtis Company and its Web site:
WILBUR CURTIS COMPANY
6913 Acco Street
Montebello, CA 90640-5403
USAhttp://www.wilburcurtis.com
PROVIDING VISITORS WITH ANONYMOUS ACCESS
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
THE SERVICES AND LINKS OF OUR WEB SITE
Our Web site does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by other visitors.
Our Web site does not include links to third party Web service providers.
AUTOMATIC COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
In certain relevant parts of our Web site, we may log personal data that you volunteer by means such as programming or we may link information automatically logged by such means with personal data about specific individuals. We do so for the following purposes:
Customer administration
We do not use cookies to store personal data nor do we link non-personal information stored in cookies with personal data about specific individuals.
DATA COLLECTION AND PURPOSE SPECIFICATION
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations. To access the table of personal data collected and purposes for which they are used, please see the bottom of this page.
We do not collect or use personal data for any purpose other than that indicated in the table below. If we wish to use your personal data for a new purpose, we offer you the means to consent to this new purpose by indicating in a box at the point on the site where personal data is collected.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do NOT knowingly collect personal data from children.
DISCLOSURE
We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations.
CONFIDENTIALITY / SECURITY
We give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us the following types of personal data:
Primary personal data (such as name and contact details)
Identifiers (such as credit card details, Web site password)
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
Unauthorised access
Improper use or disclosure
Unauthorised modification
Unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
ACCESS TO THE PERSONAL DATA THAT WE HOLD ABOUT YOU
You can ask us whether we are keeping personal data about you by sending postal mail to this address:
WILBUR CURTIS COMPANY
6913 Acco Street
Montebello, CA 90640-5403
USA
Thank you for your visit.
PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED AND PURPOSE OF USE
Personal Data
Website Administration
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Data
Name
Gender
Address
E-mail Address
Phone/Fax #
Business Information
Website Administration
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Data
Employer/Organization
Job Title
Address
E-mail Address
Phone/Fax #
Customer Orders
Identifiers
Website Administration
Research & Development
Customer Administration
Marketing
Trading in Data
Passwords
Financial Identifiers
LEGEND
Volunteered by each visitor
Collected from public records or bodies
Collected from private organizations