http://www.kitco.com/termsofuse/
Kitco Metals Inc. Terms of Use
Disclaimer and terms of use for Kitco Media & Information
July 23, 2020
1.
General
The following Website Terms of Use shall govern your use of all
websites operated by Kitco Metals Inc. (“Kitco”), including, without
limitation, www.kitco.com,
gold-forum.com, kitcosilver.com, kitcometals.com, corp.kitco.com, online.kitco.com,
applications.kitco.com and corp.kitco.com (referred to collectively herein as
the “Websites”).  By accessing and using the Websites, you accept and
agree, without limitation, to be bound by the Website Terms of
Use.  If you do not accept these Website Terms of Use, you may not
use the Website or any of the products or services provided or made available
therein.
The Website
Terms of Use apply when accessing the Website by any means, including via
computer, mobile device or other technology.  In addition, the
Website Terms of Use apply when accessing, using or downloading any information,
products, software, applications or services available on the Websites
(collectively referred to herein as the “Services”).
The Website
Terms of Use must be read together with any other terms, conditions, policies,
legal notices and disclaimers on the Websites, including, without limitation, the Online
Store: Terms and Conditions, which govern transactions
between Kitco and its customers on Kitco’s Online Store.
Subject to
and in compliance with the terms and conditions set forth herein, Kitco may
provide its users with access via the Websites to:
Free content including articles, blogs
and forums, emails, podcasts, webinars and conference calls written by our
contributors and columnists, (the "Free Service"), and free
content written or provided by third parties which may include, without
limitation, text, data, graphics, photographs, videos, or downloadable
code or programs ("Third-Party Content"); and
Premium content including blogs and
forums written by our contributors and columnists,  Third-Party Content,
emails, podcasts, webinars and conference calls written by our
contributors and columnists,  Third-Party Content and User-Generated
Content for which You must pay a subscription fee (or in some cases a
one-time fee) to access (the "Premium Service").
The Premium Service and the Free Service are
collectively referred to herein as the "Services".
You also understand and agree that the Services
may include certain communications from Kitco, such as service announcements
and administrative messages that You may not be able to opt out of receiving.
2.
Risk
2.1.
No Advice
The information provided in the Websites and in any of the
Services is for informational purposes only and is not intended as any form of
advice, whether legal, accounting, investment, financial or tax
advice.  Therefore, it cannot be relied upon as such. Should you
require such advice, contact a licensed professional.
You understand that no content published as part of the Services
constitutes a recommendation that any particular action, investment, security,
portfolio of securities, transaction or investment strategy is suitable for any
specific person. You understand that the views expressed in the Services are
the authors' own opinions, that trading in investments involves risk and
volatility and that past results are not necessarily indicative of future
performance. The Services may contain opinions which may differ from or
contradict those in another portion of the Services.
You understand and agree that, from time to time, one or more
Contributors or their affiliates may have a position in precious metals written
about.  In addition, certain of Kitco’s affiliates and employees may, from time
to time, have long and short positions in, or buy or sell precious metals,
precious metals related securities, or derivatives thereof, of companies
mentioned in respective Services and may take positions inconsistent with the
views expressed.
Kitco makes no representations regarding Third-Party or User
Generated Content, nor is Kitco liable for Third-Party or User Generated Content.
You understand that any data is supplied by sources believed to be
reliable, that any calculations made using such data are not guaranteed by
these sources, the information providers, or any other person or entity, and
may not be complete.
From time to time, reference may be made to prior articles and
opinions published on the Websites. These references may be selective, may
reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and may not to be
current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and
data may not be current and should not be relied upon.
2.2.
Market Risk
Investments in precious metals and financial markets involve risk
to investment principal and can be volatile. Purchasing precious metals often
involves a degree of risk that makes them unsuitable for certain individuals.
You should carefully consider the suitability of precious metals as a personal
financial choice before taking any decisions that may affect your
situation.  Precious metal products and accounts are not insured by
the Canadian Deposit Insurance Corporation, Canadian Investor Protection Fund
or other similar program and may lose value. You should always conduct your own
research and due diligence and obtain professional advice before making any
investment decision.
3.
Exclusion of Warranties
3.1.
Information on Websites
The
information, material and content provided on the Websites or in any of the
Services (referred to collectively herein as the “Content”) is provided on an
"as is" basis and your use of the Websites and the Services is
entirely at your own risk.  Kitco makes no warranties of any kind
with respect to the Content provided on the Websites and by the Services,
whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, warranties as to
usefulness, accuracy, completeness, reliability, fitness for a particular purpose,
and non-infringement.
3.2.
Availability
Kitco does
not represent or warrant that the Websites or any of the Services available or
obtained therein will be provided on an uninterrupted basis, and that there
will be no delays, difficulties in use, errors, security breaches, omissions or
loss of transmitted information.
Kitco makes
no representations or warranties that the Websites or Services are appropriate
or available for use in all jurisdictions outside Canada.  Please be
aware of the applicable laws and regulations of your country.
4.
Limitation of Liability
4.1.    Confidentiality
& Security
Kitco adheres to the highest security measures to ensure your data
is protected against theft, loss, and corruption, and against the misuse and
alteration of any of your data stored on our servers.  However, when
you access your account via a public or unsecured computer terminal or if you
chose to share your account username and password (“Electronic Identification
Information”), Kitco cannot guarantee the security of your data.
Kitco respects your privacy (see
Kitco's privacy policy).  However, unprotected
communications over the Internet, such as via email or cellular phones, are not
confidential or secure, may be intercepted, lost, or altered.  We
highly recommend that you not include private and sensitive information in any
unprotected communications with Kitco, including, but not limited to, account
numbers, balances, passwords, Electronic Identification Information, etc.
Kitco specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any
email communications, text messaging, or other like unprotected communications,
whether initiated by you or Kitco.  Kitco will not be liable or
responsible for any damages suffered in connection with such modes of
communication.
4.2.
No Liability
Kitco shall not be liable under any circumstances whatsoever for
any loss or damage, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental,
consequential or exemplary damages or for any indirect or punitive losses or
damages (including lost profits or lost savings), arising out of or in
connection with the Websites, or the Services; with your use of or inability to
use or access the Websites or the Services; or with links to other third party
sites, whether or not caused by the fault or neglect of Kitco and whether or
not Kitco had knowledge that such losses or damages might be incurred.
4.3.
Force Majeure
Kitco shall
not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder due to fire,
computer viruses, network failure, computer hardware failure, explosion, flood,
lightning, act of terrorism, war, rebellion, riot, sabotage, orders or requests
of any government or any other authority, legislative changes, strikes,
lockouts or other labor disputes, or events or circumstances beyond its
reasonable control, but Kitco shall use commercially reasonable endeavors to
minimize dangers or losses to you as a consequence of such events.
5.
Registration and Privacy
In order to
gain access to portions of the Websites and the Services, You must become a subscriber
by providing your email address and choosing a unique user name or, member name
and password. Kitco may refuse to grant You a user name or member name that is
threatening, abusive, offensive, harassing, derisive, defamatory, vulgar,
obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, impersonates someone else, is
or may be protected by trademark or proprietary rights law, or is hatefully,
racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, or inappropriate, as
determined by us in our sole discretion. In consideration of Your use of the
Website and the Services, You represent that You are of legal age to form a
binding contract and are not a person barred from accessing the Website or the
Services under the laws of the Province of Quebec or other applicable
jurisdiction. You also agree to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and
complete information about yourself as prompted by the Services' registration
form and (b) maintain and promptly update Your registration data to keep it
true, accurate, current and complete.
Our policy with respect to the
collection and use of Your personal information is set forth in our Privacy Policy.
As a member, You also have certain
other obligations relating to Your account:
You may not transfer to or resell
Your use of or access to the Services to any third party;
You are responsible for all
activities that occur under Your account;
A maximum of five simultaneous
log-ins are allowed per account. This simultaneous login limit applies to
the total number of logins at any given time regardless of device type
(i.e., computers, tablets, mobile devices, etc.);
You are responsible for maintaining
the confidentiality of Your user name, member name and password; and
You agree to notify us if You
become aware of any possible unauthorized use(s) of Your account or any
possible breach of security, including loss, theft, or unauthorized disclosure
of Your user name, member name or password. Contact details for our Customer
Service center may be found on our Contact Us page.
6.
Subscription, Renewal and Cancellation
6.1.
The subscription process
Kitco
offers subscriptions to the Services. Kitco reserves the right to vary the Services
that it provides to Subscribers at any time.
Kitco
agrees to process your Subscription promptly but does not guarantee that your
Subscription will be activated by any specified time. By submitting your
payment and other subscription details, you are making an offer to us to buy a
Subscription. Your offer will only be accepted by us and a contract formed when
we have successfully verified your payment and contact details, at which point
we will provide you with access to the Subscription. You will receive written
confirmation when your Subscription offer has been accepted (beginning the
fulfilment of a Subscription does not signify acceptance).
Kitco
reserves the right to cancel any order at any time by contacting You and
refunding You in full. If your credit card is debited and we ultimately refuse
your order, Kitco will refund you any amount debited.
The Site is
currently enabled only to accept orders in English.
6.2.
Payment and pricing
The price to be paid for the Premium Service
will be made clear to you on the Premium Service order pages, or otherwise
during the order process, and may vary from time to time. It is however
possible, despite our efforts, that the Premium Service could be incorrectly
priced. You agree to pay the correct rates at the time you purchase the Premium
Service. We will inform you in advance of any increase in the price of your
Subscription and offer you an opportunity to cancel it if you do not wish to
pay the new price. You will be responsible for paying any sales taxes or
customs duties that apply.
When you purchase the Premium Service, you must
provide us with complete and accurate payment information. By submitting
payment details you confirm that you are entitled to use those payment details
for this purpose. If we do not receive payment authorization, we may
immediately terminate or suspend your access to the Premium Service. If your access
to the Premium Service is terminated by Kitco, you will be entitled to receive
a refund of any amounts which remain unused at the time of termination unless
such access is terminated because you are in breach of these Terms (as determined
solely by Kitco). You will continue to be responsible for any fees or other
charges you have incurred prior to such termination. You are also responsible
for the payment of fees or charges that may be charged by your bank or credit
card provider. If you are entitled to a refund under these Terms, refunds can
only be made to the credit card that was used for the original purchase, unless
it has expired in which case we will contact you.
Upon the commencement of Your initial
subscription (which occurs at the expiration of Your free trial, or if
You are not receiving a free trial, upon Your registration for a subscription)
Your credit card will be billed the applicable subscription fee and Your paid
subscription will commence.
Contact details for our
Customer Service center may be found on our Contact Us page.All promotional offers are limited to one redemption per
customer unless expressly stated.
6.3.
Cancellation
YOU SHOULD READ THESE TERMS CLOSELY BEFORE YOU
SUBSCRIBE FOR A PREMIUM SERVICE.
Unless specifically stated, you have the right
to cancel your Subscription at any time. If you exercise your right to cancel,
unless the terms of any Subscription offer or promotion state otherwise, we
will reimburse all payments received from you, less a pro-rated amount for each
day of Subscription used before you cancelled. During the free-trial portion of
Your subscription, if any, You may cancel at any time and not be billed.
You
can cancel your Subscription online
or call our Customer Service center.  Contact details for
our Customer Service center may be found on our Contact Us
page.
6.4.
Renewal
YOU SHOULD READ THESE TERMS CLOSELY BEFORE YOU
SUBSCRIBE FOR A PREMIUM SERVICE.
Unless
specifically stated when you order your Subscription, you agree that your
Subscription will continue for the period referenced at the time of order, at
the end of the initial subscription period (and of each renewal period thereafter),
renew for the same subscription period (the “Term”) at the renewal rate agreed
at the point of order. You may cancel your Subscription at any time as set out above.
If You do not notify us as described above, the
then-applicable monthly, periodic or annual fee for Your subscription will be
billed automatically to the credit card account You designated during the
registration process (or subsequently changed).
In connection with recurring billing for
subscription renewals, You authorize Kitco to bill Your credit card account
number, regardless of whether the other information associated with Your
subscription has changed, including but not limited to the expiration date of
the physical card with which You subscribed. We may receive updated information
about Your account from the financial institution issuing Your credit card. You
agree to pay all fees and charges incurred in connection with Your user name,
member name and password (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in
effect when the charges were incurred. You agree to pay all amounts due upon
our demand.
7.
Your Obligations and Liability
7.1.
Compliance
You are
responsible for complying with all laws of the jurisdiction from which you
access the Websites or any of the Services, and you shall at all times be
solely responsible for obtaining any authorizations required by any
authoritative body in such jurisdiction.
7.2.
Use
You agree
to use the Websites and the Services only for purposes that are permitted by
the Website Terms of Use, as well as any other terms, conditions, policies,
legal notices and disclaimers to which the Services may be Subject.
You are
solely responsible for the User Generated Content You post. You must comply
with any rules posted by the Websites and the Services
The Websites
and the Services may include article submission and comments capability,
bulletin boards, discussion groups and other public areas or features that
allow feedback to the Websites and the Services, and interaction between users.
While Kitco does not control the information/materials posted by users (the
"User Generated Content"), it reserves the right (which it may
exercise at its sole discretion without notice) to delete, move or edit the User
Generated Content and to terminate your access to and use of the Websites and
the Services.
In addition You agree not to:
Post, link to or otherwise publish
any User Generated Content containing material that is obscene, racist,
homophobic or sexist or that contains any form of hate speech;
Post, link to or otherwise publish
any User Generated Content that infringes copyright;
Post, link to or otherwise publish
any User Generated Content that is illegal, libelous, defamatory or may
prejudice ongoing legal proceedings or breach a court injunction or other
order;
Post, link to or otherwise publish
any User Generated Content that is abusive, threatening or make any form
of personal attack on another user or an employee of Kitco;
Post User Generated Content in any
language other than English;
Post the same User Generated
Content, or a very similar User Generated Content, repeatedly;
Post or otherwise publish any User
Generated Content unrelated to the Websites and the Services;
Post, link to or otherwise publish
any User Generated Content containing any form of advertising or promotion
for goods and services or any chain User Generated Content or
"spam";
Post, link to or otherwise publish
any User Generated Content with recommendations to buy or refrain from
buying a particular security or which contain confidential information of
another party or which otherwise have the purpose of affecting the price
or value of any security;
Disguise the origin of any User
Generated Content;
Impersonate any person or entity
(including Kitco employees or contributors or columnists) or misrepresent
any affiliation with any person or entity;
Post or transmit any User Generated
Content that contains software viruses, files or code designed to
interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Site or any computer
software or equipment, or any other harmful component;
Collect or store other users'
personal data; and/or
Restrict or inhibit any other
visitor from using the Websites or the Services, including, without
limitation, by means of "hacking" or defacing any portion of any
of our websites;
Use the Websites or the Services
for any unlawful purpose;
Modify, adapt, sublicense,
translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of
the Websites or the Services
"Frame" or
"mirror" any content available through the Websites or the
Services  without our prior written authorization;
Use any robot, spider, site
search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or
process to download, retrieve, index, "data mine", or in any way
reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the
content available through the Websites or the Services; or
Harvest or collect information
about users of the Websites or the Services without their express consent.
You also agree that at all times You will:
Comply with all applicable laws,
rules and regulations in connection with Your use of the Websites and the Services
and the content made available therein;
Be responsible for all statements
made and acts or omissions that occur on Your user account while Your
password is being used;
Waive any and all rights against
Kitco and hold Kitco harmless in connection with any claims relating to
any action taken by Kitco as part of its investigation of a suspected
violation or result of its conclusion that a violation of the term of use
has occurred, including but not limited to the removal of posts or a
suspension or termination of Your membership account; or
Maintain and promptly update Your
registration data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete.
Kitco has no control over individuals posting User
Generated Content on any of the Websites or the Services. Kitco cannot
guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of any User Generated Content.
Some users may breach these terms and post User Generated Content that is
misleading, untrue or offensive. You must bear all risk associated with your
use of the Websites and the Services and should not rely on the Websites and
the Services when you make (or refrain from making) any specific investment or
other decision.
It is not possible for Kitco to fully and
effectively monitor infringement of third-party rights in User Generated
Content. If you believe that any content infringes your legal rights, you
should notify Kitco immediately by contacting our customer service center by
using the "Report Abuse" function provided. Repeated misuse of the
“Report Abuse" function will result in your access to the Websites and
Services being terminated.
By submitting User Generated Content to the
Websites and the Services you are granting Kitco a perpetual, irrevocable,
royalty free non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, translate, make
available, distribute and sub-license the User Generated Content in whole or in
part, and in any form. This may include personal information such as your user
or pen name and your expressions of opinion. You waive any moral rights that
you may have in regard to the User Generated Content that you submit.
7.3.
Protection of Electronic Identification Information
It is your obligation to ensure that your Electronic
Identification Information is kept secret.  You hereby agree to keep
your Electronic Identification Information and all components thereof secret
and safe to prevent unauthorized use.
7.4.
Customer liability
Kitco will be under no obligation
to confirm the actual identity or authority of any user of the Electronic
Identification Information or any component thereof. You must
contact Kitco immediately if a transaction or balance recorded in an account is
incorrect or if you suspect unauthorized use of your Electronic Identification
Information. Kitco will not be held liable should you fail to disclose any
unauthorized use of Electronic Identification Information and your Kitco accounts.
You will not be responsible for any unauthorized use of Electronic
Identification Information occurring after notifying Kitco of the suspected
unauthorized use.
7.5.
Indemnification
You agree
to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Kitco, its affiliates and related
companies and each of their respective officers, directors, employees,
consultants and agents, from and against any and all claims, liabilities,
expenses, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and
accounting fees and expenses, arising from or related to: (a) your breach of
any of these Website Terms of Use or any other terms, conditions,
policies, legal notices and disclaimers on the Websites; (b) your access or use
of the Websites or Services; or (c) your use or reliance on, or publication,
communication, transmission or distribution of the Content or
Services.  Kitco reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume
the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to
indemnification by you.  You agree to co-operate as fully as
reasonably required in the defense of any claim.
8.
Intellectual Property
All of the intellectual property rights including without
limitation trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyright and other rights
used or embodied in the Websites or in any of the Services are and will remain
the sole property of Kitco (or its suppliers where applicable).
All Content supplied by Kitco, constitutes part of Kitco's
confidential and proprietary information.  In accessing the Websites
or any of the Services, it is strictly prohibited to copy, reproduce,
republish, store, retransmit, alter, modify, distribute, make public use
thereof, create derivative works from, reverse engineer, disassemble or try to
locate source code, of the Content, and any software or applications used by
Kitco in connection with the Websites or any of the Services, except as
explicitly otherwise authorized by Kitco.
Because we host User-Generated Content as a
part of portions of the Websites or the Services and therefore redistribute
User-Generated Content You give us, we need to obtain certain rights in those
materials. By posting, sending or transmitting to us User-Generated Content,
You grant us and our designees a worldwide, non-exclusive, sub-licensable
(through multiple tiers), assignable, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable
right to use, reproduce, distribute (through multiple tiers), create derivative
works of, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have
made, sell, offer for sale and import such User-Generated Content in any media
now known or hereafter developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or
otherwise, without compensation to the provider of the User-Generated Content.
None of the User-Generated Content disclosed in any part of the Websites or the
Services shall be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality,
attribution, or otherwise, on our part and we shall not be liable for any use
or disclosure of any User-Generated Content.
If You choose to submit content for publication
through the Services, such as guest commentary or guest opinions, such content
shall be exclusive to Kitco, deemed to be property of Kitco, and by submitting
such content You irrevocably assign any and all rights to such content to
Kitco.
"Kitco.com",
"gold-forum.kitco.com", "corp.kitco.com,
"kitcosilver.com","kitcometals.com",
"online.kitco.com", "applications.kitco.com", "Kitco
Gold Index", "KGX", "Kitco Silver Fix", the
"Kitco Logo", "Kitco News" , "Scrapit",
"Metalynx", and certain other marks used on Kitco Portfolio of
Websites are trademarks and/or service marks of Kitco. All other trademarks,
service marks, and logos used on Kitco Portfolio of Websites are the
trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners.
9.
Links to and from Third Party Websites
The
Websites or the Services may include links to other third party Websites and
resources (collectively, “Linked Sites”), enabling you to leave the Websites or
the Services in order to access them, or may incorporate materials or information
from other Linked Sites.  Unless otherwise expressly provided, Kitco
provides these links, materials and information as a convenience and not as an
endorsement or approval of Linked Site, its information, opinions, advice,
services or products.   Kitco is not responsible for the
availability of the Linked Sites or the content or activities of such sites. If
You decide to access Linked Sites, You do so at Your own risk. In addition,
Your use of Linked Sites is subject to any applicable policies and terms and
conditions of use, including but not limited to, the Linked Site's privacy
policy.
You may not
create links between the Websites or the Services and another site without
Kitco’s prior written consent.  Unless otherwise expressly agreed,
such links must not imply that Kitco is associated in any way whatsoever with
another website or that Kitco endorses or approves of its content. You
acknowledge and agree that Kitco may request at any time, at its sole
discretion, that a link be removed.
Kitco is
not responsible or liable for any third party website link to or from the
Websites or the Services, any website link to or from those third party
websites, the content of those websites, or their products or services.
Viral Content Distribution
Kitco may grant you—but only through express
written permission—the limited, revocable permission to engage in certain
expressly described personal uses of Materials as may from time to time be made
available on the Websites for such purposes ("Viral Distribution").
Express written permission for Viral
Distribution may include these personal uses: (a) sending Materials to friends
or acquaintances at no charge; (b) posting and displaying a copy of Materials
on a personal web site; or (c) posting and displaying a copy of Materials on any
online bulletin board, message board, newsgroup, website or chat room
("Third-Party Site") that permits users to post content, so long as
the posting is allowed pursuant to the Third-Party Site terms and conditions,
and provided that the Third-Party Site does not charge for access to those
materials or associate those materials with products, services, or advertising.
If expressly permitted and made available on the Websites, you may engage in
Viral Distribution pursuant to these Terms, but you may not make any use of or
license, distribute, reproduce, or otherwise exploit any part of the Materials
without our express written permission.
Additionally, any limited, revocable permission
to post such links on a Third-Party Site requires that You comply with the
following guidelines:
You may display only an excerpt of
the content not to exceed 75 words that must be followed by a link to the
full content of the Website or the Service. You are not permitted to
reproduce the entire text of content as it appears on the Website or the
Service. You are prohibited from displaying excerpts from the Premium
Service.
The byline must consist of the name
or title of the content and the name of the Website or the Service. (e.g.
"as appearing on Kitco")
You may not not suggest or imply
that Kitco is sponsoring or endorsing any Third-Party Site or its products,
unless Kitco has given its prior written consent.
You may not misrepresent any state
of facts, including the relationship of the Third-Party Site with Kitco or
any of its affiliates.
You may not present false
information about Kitco products or services.
You may not use any logo or mark of
Kitco or any of its affiliates without express written permission from
Kitco.
You must not display any excerpt of
Kitco content linked together with content on such Third-Party Site that
may be construed as distasteful, offensive or controversial.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein, we
reserve the right to deny You permission to link to the website for any reason
in our sole and absolute discretion.
10.     Downloads,
Software and Applications
Kitco may
make some Services available for download from the Websites or from third party
websites (the “Downloaded Services”).  Any and all Downloaded
Services are the copyrighted work of, and owned by, Kitco and its
affiliates and related companies.
Kitco
grants you a personal, limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable
license to use the Downloaded Services for your personal, non-commercial use
only, provided that you not modify the Downloaded Services, that you maintain
all copyright and other proprietary notices, and that Kitco, or any other third
parties, retain full and complete title to the Downloaded Services and all
intellectual property rights therein.
You
acknowledge and agree that the Downloaded Services are protected by copyright
laws, and that, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, copying,
re-selling, disassembling, redistributing or reproducing the Downloaded
Services is strictly prohibited.
You
acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review, assess and
evaluate the Downloaded Services and any other related terms and conditions to
which the Downloaded Services may be subject, and which you may be provided
with during the download process, and that all risk associated with the
downloading and use of the Downloaded Services rests with
you.  Kitco, its affiliates and related companies, will not
be responsible or liable for any damages, difficulties or consequences
encountered as a result of or during the download process or the use of or
reliance on the Downloaded Services.
11.    Modifications
Kitco reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to add to,
remove or change these Terms of Use without notice at any
time.  Except as otherwise expressly provided, changes will be
effective immediately upon posting on the Websites.  Review these
Website Terms of Use regularly.  Your continued use of the Websites
or any of the Services after any such changes are posted will mean you accept
the changes.
Kitco also
reserves the right to unilaterally amend or withdraw any information, products
or services provided or described on the Websites and the Services without
notice at any time.
12.
Miscellaneous
12.1.
Advertising, Third Party Content and other Web Sites.
The Websites may contain advertising or other third party content.
Advertisers and other content providers are responsible for ensuring that such
material complies with international and national law. Kitco is not responsible
for any third party content or error, or for any omission or inaccuracy in any
advertising material. The Site and/or Digital Applications may also contain
links to other web sites. Kitco is not responsible for the availability of
these websites or their content.
12.2.
Changes to Terms and Conditions
Kitco reserves the right to amend these Terms
and Conditions, any applicable fees and charges, or any services, rights or
obligations provided for herein at its sole discretion, at any time, without
prior notice to You. Acceptance of these Terms and Conditions is limited to the
acknowledged transaction and is not applicable to any future transactions. You
will be responsible for accepting the Terms and Conditions for every subsequent
transaction
12.3.
Applicable Law and Jurisdiction
The Website Terms of Use are construed in accordance with and
governed by the laws applicable in the Province of Quebec and the laws of
Canada applicable therein. The Parties hereby irrevocably submit to the
non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the province of Quebec in respect
of all matters or disputes arising from the use of the Websites or of any of
the Services, except as otherwise specifically stated herein.
12.4.
Language
The parties
hereto have expressly required that this agreement and all deeds, documents or
notices relating thereto be executed in the English language.  Les
parties aux présentes ont expressément convenu que cette entente et tout autre
acte, document ou avis y afférent soient rédigés en anglais.
12.5.
Privacy
Kitco respects your
privacy.  Our privacy policy is available at: https://online.kitco.com/help/privacy_policy.html