http://www.ferrariofhouston.com/privacy-policy/
FACTS
WHAT DOES Ferrari of Houston DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial
companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law
gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law
also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your
personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand
what we do.
What?
The
types of personal information we collect and share depend on the
product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balance and payment history
Credit history and employment information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All
financial companies need to share customers' personal information to
run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons
financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Ferrari of Houston chooses to share; and whether you can limit
this sharing.
REASONS WE CAN SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION What do we share? Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes — such as to process your transactions,maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes No
For our marketing purposes—
to offer our products and services to you
Yes No
For joint marketing with other financial companies
Yes No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your transactions and experiences
Yes No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes—
information about your creditworthiness
No We don't share
For our affiliates to market to you
No We don't share
For nonaffiliates to market to you
No We don't share
Questions?    Call 713-772-3868 or go to N/A
WHO WE ARE
Who is providing this notice?
Ferrari of Houston, 6100 Southwest Freeway, Houston, Texas, 77057
WHAT WE DO
How is my personal information protected?
To
protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we
use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures
include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings
How is my personal information collected?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Apply for financing
Give us your income information or provide employment information
Provide account information or give us your contact information
We also contact your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
DEFINITIONS
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfi nancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Ferrari of Houston name
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfi nancial companies.
Ferrari of Houston “does not share with nonaffilates so they
can market to you
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our Joint marketing partners include finance companies
Other important information
I/WE ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I/WE HAVE RECEIVED A COPY OF THIS NOTICE.
Print Customer Name
Customer Signature
Date
Print Customer Name
Customer Signature
Date
This website uses cookies to enhance user experience and to analyze performance and traffic on our website. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. Cookie Information Notice
Accept