http://www.hacos.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Home
Products
Second hand
Exhibitions
News
About
Contact
Search
or
Browse our categories
Privacy Policy
Hacos NV, registered at Industrieweg 11, is responsible for the processing of personal data as stated in this privacy statement. Contact details: www.hacos.com Industrial road 11 2390 MALLE Tel: +32 3 311 70 80
For any additional information or any complaints relating to the processing of your personal data, please contact
- Our Data Protection Officer, at the following e-mail address: export@hacos.com
- The Data Protection Authority, Press Office 35, 1000 Brussels, website www.privacycommission.be
Personal data that we process
Hacos processes your personal data because you use our services and/or because you provide them to us yourself. Below you will find an overview of the personal data that we process:
- First and last name - Gender - Address details - Telephone number - E-mail address - Information about your activities on our website
Special and/or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and/or service does not intend to collect information about website visitors under the age of 16, unless they have permission from their parents or guardian. However, we cannot verify whether a visitor is over 16 years of age. We therefore recommend that parents be involved in their children's online activities in order to prevent information from being collected about children without parental consent. If you believe that we have collected personal information about a minor without permission, please contact us at info@hacos.com and we will delete this information.
For what purpose and on what basis do we process personal data?
Hacos processes your personal data for the following purposes:
- Handling your payment - Sending our newsletter and/or advertising leaflet - To be able to call or e-mail you if this is necessary in order to be able to carry out our services. - To deliver goods and services to you - Hacos also processes personal data if we are legally obligated to do so, such as data that we need for our tax return.
Automated decision making
Hacos does not take decisions on the basis of automated processing operations on matters that may affect individuals. These are decisions that are made by computer programs or systems, without a human being (e.g. an employee of Hacos) being among them. Hacos uses the following computer programs or systems: Mailchimp: a service that ensures that if you have agreed to this, mailings will be sent to you about interesting offers and especially our newsletter with interesting facts about not only Hacos but also the chocolate world in general.
How long do we keep personal data?
Hacos does not retain your personal data for longer than is strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which your data is collected. We use a retention period of the standard 5 years that is prescribed. This period can be extended if it relates to the purchase or sale of goods or services from/to the owner of the data.
Sharing of personal data with third parties
We share your personal information with your consent or as necessary to complete a transaction or to deliver a product you have requested.
(if it occurs) When you provide payment information to make a purchase, we will share payment information with banks and other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and to prevent fraud and reduce credit risk.
Your personal information will not be sold or transmitted to third parties, nor will it be made public. Your information will not be passed on to organizations in countries outside the European Union.
However, Hacos reserves the right to use or disclose your data when this is necessary to safeguard the integrity of the website, when the law requires this, when the processing is of vital importance to you, when the processing must be carried out in order to fulfil a public interest task or when the data processing is necessary to protect a legitimate interest.
Finally, and subject to your express prior consent, we may disclose your personal data to suppliers who are contractually bound to us and who offer services or products that may be of interest to you.
You can revoke your consent at any time.
Cookies, or similar techniques, that we use
Cookies are small files that are temporarily stored on your hard disk via the website. These small files allow easier navigation and contribute greatly to the user-friendliness of the website. Browsing our website can result in the installation of cookies on your computer. They simplify the visit and improve the ergonomics of the dialogue.
Hacos only uses technical and functional cookies, and analytical cookies that do not infringe your privacy. The cookies we use are necessary for the technical operation of the website and your ease of use. They ensure that the website works properly and remember, for example, your preferences. It also enables us to optimize our website. You can unsubscribe from cookies by setting your internet browser so that it no longer stores cookies. In addition, you can also delete any information that has previously been stored via your browser's settings.
Viewing, adjusting or deleting data
You have the right to access, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to revoke your consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by Hacos and you have the right to data transferability. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal data that we hold about you in a computer file to you or another organization mentioned by you. You can send a request for inspection, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or a request for withdrawal of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to info@hacos.com. In order to ensure that the request for access has been made by you, please enclose a copy of your proof of identity with the request. Make your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport) and ID number black in this copy. This is to protect your privacy. We will respond to your request as soon as possible, but within four weeks. Hacos would also like to point out that you have the opportunity to submit a complaint to the national supervisory authority, the Personal Data Authority. You can download the complaint form here: https://www.gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit.be/verzoek-klacht-indienen and then upload it here: https://eforms.gegevensbeschermingsautoriteit.be/privacy-commission/home/public/upload .
How we protect personal data
Hacos takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorized alteration. If you have the impression that your data is not properly secured or there are indications of misuse, please contact our customer service or via info@hacos.com
For chocolatiers that mainly work manually
Artisan
Semi-automatic but still very flexible chocolate machines
Middle range
Fuly automatic lines
Industrial
Sitemap
Home
Products
Second hand
Exhibitions
News
About
Contact
Privacy Policy
My Profile
ArtisanMiddle RangeIndustrial
My Applications
CoatingMouldingEnrobingDosingCoolingDecoratingMeltingTemperingSpinningBakerySpecials
My Chocolates
ClustersMoulded pralinesMoulded TabletsBook moulded chocolatesDeposited pralinesEnrobed chocolatesDeposited trufflesTruffle ballsMini Drops & chipsDropsHollow-figuresBakery decorationsBaked goods
Hacos NV
Industrieweg 11B-2390 Malle (Belgium)
T +32 3 311 70 80info@hacos.com
Call us on skype
About us
Hacos is a specialized manufacturer of chocolate machines located in Belgium.
Webdesign door Bright Sites