http://www.apss.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice sets out how it uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
APSS is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
APSS will keep this Privacy Notice under regular review and reserve the right to change it as necessary from time to time or if required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on the APSS website.
What we collect
The categories of the information that APSS collects, holds and shares includes, but is not limited to:
Personal information (such as name, job title, address, date of birth, national insurance number for employees);
Contact information (which may include phone number, email and postal address);
Financial information (bank details) for employees;
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests;
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers;
Visitors to the APSS websites;
Company information, (financial, staff, professional development records);
Website usage data;
Staff contract information (start dates, hours worked, post, roles and salary information, annual leave entitlement, employment history and professional development) for employees.
If you are asked to provide personal information to us, it will only be used in the ways described in this Privacy Notice.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping;
We may use the information to improve our products and services;
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided;
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. By continuing to use this site you agree to a file being added. This site uses cookie to anonymously analyse web traffic and to allow users to log into the member areas.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to visitors needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate whether or not you wish to receive future contact from us;
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR).  A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to APSS, Kingsley Road, Lincoln, LN6 3TA.
One of the key principles which underpins the GDPR is the right of an individual to request the deletion or removal of personal data where there is no compelling reason for its continued processing. This is also known as the right to be forgotten.
Any requests from individuals to:
have inaccurate personal data rectified (right to rectification);
restrict or suppress of their personal data (right to restrict processing);
obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services (right to data portability);
object to how their personal data is used should be made directly to the above address.  We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
APSS has specific privacy notices for specific areas of activity.  Click on the links to read more:
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Employee Privacy Notice
Talk to us
If you have any questions about our products or services then please do not hesitate to contact us.
Tel: 01522 688771 Email: .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address)
Request a Callback