https://www.g-print.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
The General Data Protection Regulation
Personal data received from customer enquiries to G Print Limited
Contact form details are as follows
Contact names, email addresses, telephone numbers and addresses.
Contacting customers
We will use the contact details given to respond to customer enquiries for work, by email, phone and by post.
Email subscription
We give customers the option to subscribe or not to subscribe to the G Print Limited newsletters and offers on the contact form.
If you wish to change your subscription “please click here”
Customer details
We will always treat your personal details with the utmost care keeping your data secure and will never sell/ share them to other companies for marketing purposes.
Supplier’s details
These are stored for the purpose of purchasing goods and services.
These include contact information, bank accounts and purchase order details.
Data records
We will hold a record of the data for up to 7 years for our accounts records.
Website and social media
We use photos and information about work we have done to promote our services on our website “www.g-print.co.uk” and on our social media pages. We will always request customer permission to use photos and share information of the work we have done for a company and any contact information.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
G Print Limited use the latest up-to-date internet security to protect its operating systems and database.
G-Print Limited cannot be held responsible for security breaches due to a cyber-attack on third party mail servers. G Print Limited will take every effort to notify its customers and suppliers, if there are any security breaches that could affect their personal details.
G Print Limited operate CCTV at our location.
Images are monitored for security purposes.
Contact details:
If you have any queries/concerns about this notice, need further information you can use the details below.
Data Protection Contact: Steve Parkinson
Data Controller: G Print Limited
Data Contact Email: steve.parkinson@g-print.co.uk
G Print Limited
Mill Lodge
Lodge Lane
Salfords
Redhill
Surrey
RH1 5DS
Recent Posts
Vehicle Graphics increase advertising
5 Rules for Effective Signs in Surrey
The Transformation of the Hare & Hounds Public House
Stand out from the rest
Contact Us Telephone: 01293 820861
Email: sales@g-print.co.uk
Address:
Mill Lodge
Lodge Lane
Salfords
Surrey
RH1 5DS
Contact Us Telephone: 01293 820861
Email: sales@g-print.co.uk
Address:
G Print Signs
Mill Lodge
Lodge Lane
Salfords
Surrey
RH1 5DS
Products and ServicesAirline Signs
Internal Displays & Exhibitions
Hotel Signs
Exterior Signs
NHS / Safety Signs
Interior Signs
Vehicle Graphics
LED Signs
Flat Cut & Built up Signs
Shop Signs
Recommend Us
I recommend G Print Ltd they are sign making and vehicle graphics specialists, visit their site at www.g-print.co.uk
PoliciesPrivacy Policy
Scroll to top
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
OK