http://www.aeromet.co.uk/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Whilst Aeromet International LTD attempts to present accurate and reliable information on this web site, information contained on this web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical mistakes. Aeromet International LTD reserves the right to alter or update information contained on this web site at any time without notice, and to terminate, alter, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this web site at any time. Aeromet International LTD reserves the right to impose limits on any/or all services of the web site and to restrict access to all or part of the web site without notice or liability.
Any references contained on this web site to any specific companies, commercial products, processes, or services by company, manufacturer, trade name, trademark, or otherwise do not constitute or imply endorsement, recommendation, or sponsorship by Aeromet International LTD.
All information, materials and/or software made available on this web site, are provided ‘as is’ for information purposes only without any representation or warranty, express or implied, of any kind, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, or fitness for any particular purpose. Use of any/or all of the above is entirely voluntary, and reliance on any of the above is at your sole risk.
Virus Protection
By using this web site you assume full responsibility for the protection of your computer system including computer hardware and software, stored data on your computer system and the stored data and computer systems including hardware and software of third parties who may access or be otherwise connected to your computer system. You assume full responsibility for ensuring that programs or other data downloaded or otherwise received from this web site are free from viruses, or any other items of a destructive nature whatsoever.
Data Security
Aeromet International LTD will take reasonable steps to ensure that unauthorised third parties do not access data transmitted electronically by you to Aeromet International LTD via the web site and stored by Aeromet International LTD. However by using this web site you fully accept the risk that data transmitted electronically to Aeromet International LTD via this web site may be intercepted before reaching Aeromet International LTD or accessed from the Aeromet International LTD’s data storage facility by unauthorised third parties. Aeromet International LTD excludes any and all responsibility and/or liability for the acts of such unauthorised third parties or for guarding against such acts.
Connected Sites
Aeromet International LTD makes no representations or warranties as to the security or propriety of any web site(s) that may be accessed through this web site. Connected web sites accessed through this web site are entirely independent web sites over which Aeromet International LTD exercises no control, whether financial, editorial, or in any other way whatsoever. Connected web sites are in no way endorsed, sponsored or recommended by Aeromet International LTD.
Limitation of Liability
In no event shall Aeromet International LTD, directors, staff or affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential, or other damages howsoever resulting from the use of, or the inability to use, this web site or any part thereof or any web site or part thereof connected to this web site by any means whatsoever.
Indemnification
By using this web site you agree to indemnify and hold harmless Aeromet International LTD, its directors, and affiliates from and against any and all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable legal fees, resulting from any violation on your part of these Terms and Conditions. Aeromet International LTD reserves the right to take over the exclusive defence of any claim for which we are entitled to indemnification under this section and, in such event, you shall provide Aeromet International LTD with such cooperation as is reasonably requested by Aeromet International LTD.
Where Design and Innovation Meet.
Copyright © 2020 Aeromet
Registered address: Aeromet Building, Cosgrove Close, Worcester, England, WR3 8UA / Company number: 01626585
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Careers
Downloads
News & Blog
This site uses cookies: Find out more Okay, thank you