https://www.sancoale.net/privacy-policy-legal-disclaimer/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy, Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy, Legal DisclaimerSancoale Technologies2019-02-06T16:14:12+05:30
Privacy Policy
Sancoale Technologies is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important that you know how we treat the information about you, that we receive from you, on the Internet.
In general, you can visit Sancoale Technologies on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our Web servers do not collect the e-mail addresses of direct website visitors except via email links. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, and miscellaneous web statistics etc. Sancoale Technologies uses this information to measure the usage of our site and to improve our site. Your accessing our site signifies your unconditional consent to allow the collection of the above information.
There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and address. Usually, the personal information we collect is used only by us to respond to your inquiry, process an order or allow you to access specific account information, or to provide you with custom information about Sancoale Technologies’ offering in support of your business needs.
At times we conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will try (but are not obligated) to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect information from you on the Internet. We will, however, not make public any personally identifiable information submitted by you during this survey.
You recognize and understand that there is no compulsion on you to provide us with your personal information and any and all personal information provided by you to us is with your full consent, own volition and desire to provide such personal information. You also understand that we are under no obligation to verify the source from which the personal information about you is provided to us, and they are deemed to be provided by you, unless you demonstrate to us within a period of fifteen days from the date of providing of such information to us, to our satisfaction, that the information was provided to us without your free consent.
Sancoale Technologies’ Web site may contain links to other sites such as Sancoale Technologies partners and affiliates. While we try to link only to responsible sites, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.
Legal Disclaimer
This Website and the information, tools and material contained in it (this “Site”) are not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject Sancoale Technologies or its affiliates to any registration or licensing requirement within such jurisdiction.
This Site is subject to periodic update and revision. Materials should only be considered current as of the date of initial publication appearing thereon, without regard to the date on which you may access the information. Sancoale Technologies maintains the right to delete or modify information on this Site without prior notice.
LIMITED LICENSE
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Sancoale Technologies will grant a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to access this site and the materials thereon.
You hereby agree and confirm that:
Access to this site and the information contained herein is not unlawful under the applicable laws of the jurisdiction where I am resident and from where I am accessing this site. I shall not circulate copies of this information in any manner (including but not restricted to photocopying and email) of the information and data on this site. I agree not to reproduce, retransmit, distribute, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate the contents to anyone.
You agree not to:
Interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of the site in any way. Intrude or attempt to intrude into the site in any way. Post any obscene, defamatory or annoying materials on the site. Obscure any materials, including this notice, already posted on the site. Use the site or any contents thereof to defame, intimidate, annoy or otherwise cause nuisance or breach the rights of any person.
Sancoale Technologies authorizes to view and download the information (“Materials”) at this Web site (“Site”) only for personal, non-commercial use.
This authorization is not a transfer of title in the Materials and copies of the Materials and is subject to the following restrictions:
Retain, on all copies of the Materials downloaded, all copyright, trademarks and other proprietary notices contained in the Materials; consent.
Not modify the Materials in any way nor reproduce or display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose
Not transfer the Materials to any other person unless you give them notice of, and they agree to accept, the obligations arising under these terms and conditions of use. You agree to abide by all additional restrictions displayed on the Site as it may be updated from time to time. This Site, including all Materials, is copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. You agree to comply with all copyright laws worldwide in your use of this Site and to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Materials. Except as expressly provided herein, Sancoale Technologies does not grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or trade secret information.
The information, material or services included in or available through this site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically made to the site/services and to the information therein. Sancoale Technologies and/or its respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the site/services at any time. Advice received via this site should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.
You specifically agree that Sancoale Technologies shall not be responsible for unauthorized access to or alteration of your transmissions or data, any material or data sent or received or not sent or received, or any transactions entered into through this site. You specifically agree that Sancoale Technologies is not responsible or liable for any threatening, defamatory, obscene, offensive or illegal content or conduct of any other party or any infringement of another’s rights, including intellectual property rights. You specifically agree that Sancoale Technologies is not responsible for any content sent using and/or included in this site by any third party.
In no event shall Sancoale Technologies and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of this site/services, with the delay or inability to use this site/services or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, products, services and material obtained through this site, or otherwise arising out of the use of this site/services, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if Sancoale Technologies or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of this site/services, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using this site/services.
The foregoing are subject to the laws of the Republic of India and the courts in Goa, India shall have the exclusive jurisdiction on any dispute that may arise out of the use of this site.
Please proceed only if you accept all the conditions enumerated herein above, out of your free will and consent.
Search for:
About UsSancoale Technologies is a Digital Marketing Company that goes the extra mile to help boost business of our clients with proven strategies. Since 1998, we have delivered results for our clients in 3 continents. As a corporate citizen with a conscience, we at Sancoale Technologies lead and participate actively in significant community initiatives Beyond Business.
Read More ...Testimonials
Call Now
Go to Top