http://www.atma.com.au/privacypolicy
Member Login
Username
Password
Need help?
Login
Home
About UsWho is the ATMA
ATMA Vision & Mission
Role of the ATMA
History
Office Branches
Who's Who
Member ServicesMy ATMA / Member Login
ATMA By Laws
Constitution
ATMA Pronouncements
Quality Assurance
Recognition & Accreditation
ATMA SMSF Audit Requirements
Public Practice Certificate
ATMA Exchange
Update your CPD ONLINE
JoinJoin the ATMA
Membership Levels
Benefits
ATMA Public Practice Certificate
Fee Structure
Payment Methods
Join Online
Events
Event Policy
CPD Obligations
Update your CPD ONLINE
NewsATMA News
ResourcesResources available to ATMA Members
Update your CPD Online
SMSF Audits
Useful Links
ComplaintsComplaint Resolution Information
ATMA Disciplinary Process
AGM
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
The ATMA acknowledges and respects the privacy of individuals. The ATMA is bound by the National Privacy Principles. The ATMA reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If it is changed, the changes will be posted on the ATMA website so that you are always aware of the sort of information collected, how it may be used and under what circumstances it may be disclosed by the ATMA.
What Sort of Information does the ATMA Collect?
Personal information that we collect and hold usually falls into the following categories:
• Name and contact details including email addresses
• Membership information (including qualifications, positions held and appointments, training and research interest areas etc) submitted and obtained from the memeber
• Education and Training Information
• Information obtained to assist in providing additional services for the member
• Complaints and Compliments about the member
• Information contained in submissions from members on various topics of interest to ATMA members
Why is the information being collected?
ATMA primarily holds personal information for the following:
• Offering of member benefits and services
• Delivery of information
• Registration for CPD activities and other events
• Professional recognition and accreditation
• The conferring of prizes and awards
Disclosure of Personal Information
The ATMA may use and disclose personal information collected about you:
• For the purpose outlined at the time of collection
• For purposes directly related to thise purposes outlined at the time of the collection
• For direct marketing purposes
• To keep you informed of CPD activities and events
• When it is reasonably necessary to protect or enforce the ATMA's legal rights or interests or to defend any claim made against the ATMA by any person
• When otherwise permitted by the Act
• Where we are under a legal duty to do so, including circumstances where we are under a lawful duty of care to disclose information
We will also confirm membership of the ATMA to members of the public, other professional bodies, etc.
We will provide only such information as is required to suppliers and business partners to enable a particular service to be fulfilled.
The ATMA develops aggregate (i.e. non individual) reports, which incorporate some of the information. The reports are for use by our business partners or by the ATMA to review statistics or analyse trends. However, these reports do not include any personally identifiable information.
The ATMA will not use the website to send unsolicited advertising either from itself or from any commercial partner unless the user requests it or is notified that by using a service or area of the website the user may receive such advertising. However members of the ATMA may receive from time to time advertising or other electronic material either from the ATMA or its commercial partners as a result of their membership status with the ATMA or is requested by the user.
The ATMA is not responsible for any information gathered by an Advertiser nor does it have control over such information or for the policies of any advertiser. When linking to an advertised site, the user takes full responsibility for such an action and the ATMA makes no guarantees or warrantees about the content, safety or other matters relating to advertisers sites.
Disclaimer
Opinions expressed on this website do not necessarily represent those of the ATMA. No responsibility is accepted by the ATMA for the accuracy of any statement, opinion or advice contained in any of the supplied information. No reader should act on the information contained in this site without appropriate professional advice that addressess all relevent circumstances. Readers should rely on their own enquiries inmaking any decisions.
This site is linked to servers or web sites maintained by other organisations. The ATMA cannot provide any warranty about the accuracy or source of any data set out on those servers or web sites or the content of any file that the user downloads from such a third party site. The ATMA does not represent or warrant that any files obtained from or through this site are free from computer viruses or other defects. The user must assume all reposibility for any loss, damage or consequence resulting directly or indirectly from the use of those files.
© 2020 ATMA   |   ABN 32 002 876 208   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Privacy Policy   |   Site Map   |   Contact