https://www.data-axle.com/how-we-help/acquisition/
Skip to content
Search for:
Who We Are
Our Data
Business DataAccess nearly 300 attributes about millions US and Canadian businesses, in real-time.
Consumer DataAlmost 200 consumer attributes updated in real-time and compiled from over 90 sources.
B2C LinkPersonal and professional data attributes in a single profile for a 360-view of your audience.
Donor DataHundreds of attributes on your donor community to inform effective online and offline campaigns.
What We Do
Services
Data ProcessingData hygiene, enhancement, appends, and more to make your data actionable.
Agency ServicesData sciences, consulting, creative, campaign execution, media planning.
Database ServicesMarketing, prospect, and analytic databases built to power your growth.
Lead GenerationB2B and B2C lead gen via opt-in digital placements and co-branded emails.
Data MonetizationMonetize your data with our end-to-end list management service.
Products
Data Axle Apps
Acquisition Platform
Credit Solutions
Inboxable
Local Listings
Reference Solutions
Data Axle USA
Data Axle Genie
Local Results
How We Help
By Need
AcquisitionContinually acquire profitable new customers to grow your business.
IntelligencePower learning opportunities to improve performance and deepen insights.
RetentionReduce attrition and increase lifetime value and loyalty to increase profitability.
Data LicensingLicense our data to build and improve products, applications, and services.
By Vertical
Agency
B2B Technology
Government
Financial Services
Insurance
Library & Academia
Nonprofit & Political
Retail
Resellers
Small Business
Customer Success
Case Studies
Testimonials
Recognition
Design Gallery
Resources
Thought Leadership
Blog
Expert Q&A
News & Media Coverage
Contact Us
866-DATAXLE
Acquisition
Lower your costs while converting prospects to customers
We combine data, analytics, intelligence, consulting, and campaign execution services to you continually acquire profitable new customers
Acquire new and profitable customers quickly and effectively
Our acquisition solutions combine the best of our data, intelligence, consulting, campaign execution and analytics services to lower your cost per acquisition, increase new customer volume, and ensure we are adding profitable customers with high lifetime value to your customer base.
"With Data Axle’s average partnership duration of 12 years, we are confident we will prove ourselves and deliver on your acquisition goals."
Tom Zawacki, Chief Digital Officer
Data Axle
Stop Chasing Cost per Acquisition
Most companies measure the success of their acquisition programs in terms of cost per acquisition (CPA) and the number of new customers acquired. But these metrics can be misleading. If a client sets an acquisition goal of a $10 CPA and 1 million new customers per year and achieves an $8 CPA and 1.2 million customers, their program looks like a success. But what if those new customers spend less and have a much higher than average attrition rate?
Let's chat!
Start Measuring CPqA: Cost per Quality Acquisition
We aim to succeed. To do so, we use CPqA as our key metric – Cost Per “Quality” Acquisition. We work with you to lower your cost and exceed your volume goals, but we also focus on the long-term value of newly acquired customers by applying sophisticated artificial intelligence/machine learning lifetime value modeling to pinpoint the right prospects and the right channel to engage them.
Start the conversation
Resideo drives 20% growth with new marketing strategy
Residential technology company Resideo wanted to be positioned as the go-to brand for powering the connected home with smart technology. To do so, the team knew they’d need to update their strategy to engage consumers and homeowners using real-time data to develop and optimize their efforts.
78%
increase in activations
19%
lift in new product activations by existing users
30%
increase in revenue from retained customers
Find out how
"Data Axle’s analysis allowed us to redirect our efforts and reach consumers when they were most engaged and ready to consider a new purchase – resulting in a 19% lift in activation from existing users."
Lorrie Mizuko, Director, Digital & Ecommerce for Consumer Products, Resideo
See other related products and services within the Data Axle suite
Acquisition Platform
Manage the data, technology, and best practices for effective, compliant email prospecting.
Learn more
Consulting
We partner with you to create and implement custom communication strategies consumers love.
Learn more
Data Science
By knowing what will happen next, our clients can take decisive steps toward greater marketing return.
Learn more
Campaign Execution
24/7 campaign execution support for cross-channel campaign delivery and optimization.
Learn more
Consumer Data
Up-to-date data on millions of customers and households.
Learn more
Transactional Data
Use our unique database of discretionary purchase records representing over 145 million individuals.
Learn more
Digital Data
Access hundreds of standard and custom audience segments across programmatic platforms.
Learn more
B2C Link
Get a single unified profile of your audience at work and at home.
Learn more
Content Spotlight
expert Q&A
Customer acquisition models
Acquiring new customers is critical to the success of your business. But how do you know which prospects to target?
Learn more
case study
How Spartan used social sharing to grow their customer base
The new customers Spartan acquired through the Consumer Data campaign spent 4.5 times more than it cost to acquire them.
Find out how
blog
Spam trap 101
Obtaining an unverified email list from a questionable 3rd party is an easy way to get spam traps into your database.
Read the full story
We'd love to chat! Reach out to us.
We respect your privacy. Data Axle will use the information you provide in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of all marketing communications at any time.