http://www.turnerandsmith.com/privacy-statement-and-cookie-policy
Skip to Navigation
Register
Login
At Turner and Smith we provide a range of services to businessfrom payroll preparation to full statutory accounts and business planning
Home >
Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy
Our Privacy Statement
By using our site, you consent to us processing your data and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Information about us
We are Turner and Smith Westgate House
Royland Road
Loughborough
Leicestershire
LE11 2EH
United Kingdom
For more information, please see our Contact Us page and/or the footer of this website.
This Website is designed and hosted on behalf of Turner and Smith by PracticeWeb a trading division of Sift Media Limited (company registration number 05923499) a subsidiary of Sift Limited (company registration number 03230061) who provide some of the information which is on this Website. This Website may have links to another website hosted by Sift Limited ("Sift Website") which enables you to access third party services.
In these terms and conditions: "Sift Limited" means Sift Limited (company registration number 03230061) whose registered office is Bridge House, Baldwin Street, Bristol BS1 1QP and any company which is at the relevant time a subsidiary or holding company of Sift Limited and any subsidiary of any such holding company (and "subsidiary" and "holding company" shall have the meanings set out in sections 736 and 736A of the Companies Act 1985).
Personal information
We do not collect any personal information about website users other than:
information provided by Users when completing forms on the website including but not limited to the contact and website registration form.
that facilitated by the use of "cookie" technology. "Cookies" are designed to enhance your online visit and permit you to access the full service within the website.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your postcode) the User can update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us in the User's personal profile page or by sending an email to webmaster@turnerandsmith.co.uk.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how Users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any information requested. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and delivery address), and demographic information (such as postcode, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the functionality of the site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration form asks users to enter information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as the user profile page, the lock icon in the address bar of Web browsers such as Internet Explorer, Chrome and Firefox becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked or open, as will be the case for most of the time that a user is browsing the web.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@turnerandsmith.co.uk.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If you register as a user of the website you will be asked for some basic information. Please note that registration is not required for all areas of the website, however we do encourage you to register in order to gain full access to the website content/information and online services. There are technological and operational security systems in place that provide protection for personally identifiable information from loss or misuse.
Where links are provided to other websites it should be noted that they are not and cannot be governed by our Privacy Statement. We cannot guarantee your privacy when you access other websites through any link provided on this  website.
Notices and Disclaimers
These disclaimers also extend the above rights to our website provider - see service agreement, terms and conditions.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file written to your hard drive that contains information about you. Cookies do not contain any personal information about users.
The website provider (PracticeWeb) uses cookies to personalise your experience of the Website. Most web browsers allow you to control how cookies are accepted by adjusting your web browsers settings. If you set up your browser to reject the cookie, you may still use the Website.
Services delivered via the website such as video or embedded content from external providers may also place cookies on your machine (computer).
By continuing to use this site you are deemed to be accepting the terms and conditions and consenting to the website placing cookies on your machine (computer) as set out in the Cookies information page.
Home
About us
Business servicesAcademies
Accountancy & audit
Bureau services
Company services
Computer services
Financial planning
Management services
Tax clinic
Taxation
Personal servicesCapital gains tax
Financial planning
Inheritance tax
Tax clinic
Tax planning
Tax returns
Document library
Resource centreBusinessStarting a business
Limited companies
Running your business
Partnerships
Your employees
Selling your business
PersonalIntroduction to the tax system
Planning aspects
Home aspects
Saving and investing
Retirement and pensions
TaxSpring Budget 2020
Tax rates and allowances
VAT
PAYE and NI
IR35
Tax and business calendar
Budgets and Statements archive
CalculatorsCapital gains tax
Business start-up
Car benefit
Corporation tax
Unincorporated profits
Loan
Millionaire
Payslip
Property taxes
Savings
VAT
Inheritance tax
Break even
Gross profit
Fuel cost
Site Map
Contact us
Business newsBusiness tax
Government Announcements
PAYE and NI
Pensions savings investments
Personal tax
Regulations
VAT
© Turner and Smith
T: 01509 212 890
E: webmaster@turnerandsmith.co.uk
Cookies
Terms and conditions
Copyright
Accessibility statement
Privacy statement