http://www.refcu.org/index.php/privacy-policy
header 1
header 2
header 3
skip to main content
LOCATIONS & HOURSCONTACT USSITE MAP
font size
decrease font size
increase font size
Print
Privacy Policy
Rev 1/18
FACTS
WHAT DOES ROCKLAND EMPLOYEES FDERAL CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all of the sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security Number and account balances
Account transactions and credit history
Credit scores amd transaction history
When you are no longer our member, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share members' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list reasons financial companies can share their members' personal information; the reasons Rockland Employees Federal Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your information
Does the
Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
YES
NO
For our marketing purposes - to offer our product and services to you
YES
NO
For joint marketing with other financial companies
YES
NO
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences
NO
We don't share
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
NO
We don't share
For non-affiliates to market to you
NO
We don't share
Questions?
• Call (877) 922-2822 or go to refcu.org
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Rockland Employees Federal Credit Union
What we do
How does Rockland Employees Federal Credit Union protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards, and secured files and buildings.
How does Rockland Employees Federal Credit Union collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
open an account or make a wire transfer
provide employment information or apply for financing
show us your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Rockland Employees Federal Credit Union has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Rockland Employees Federal Credit Union does not share with our nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include CUNA Mutual Group's MEMBERCONNECT.
back to top
In an effort to protect our members and employees from the spread of COVID-19 (coronavirus) we have temporarily adjusted our office hours.
Rockland Employees FCU
Tel: (877) 922-2822
Fax: (845) 371-2652
Email: info@refcu.org
Address: 170 East Central AveSpring Valley, NY 10977
Main Office Hours:
mon
tue
wed
thu
fri
8am - 4pm
8am - 4pm
8am - 4pm
8am - 4pm
8am - 4pm
Quick Links
Locations & Hours
Financial Calculators
Applications & Forms
Careers
Disclosures
FAQs