http://www.eigca.org/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Menu
Home
About
About the EIGCA
Mission Statement
History of EIGCA
Organigram
President’s Message
The Harry Colt Award
Members
Membership
Find a Member
Become a Member
CPD
FAQs
Latest
Latest from EIGCA
Subscribe to Newsletter
Newsletter Back Issues
Design
Design
Build a golf course
Select a golf course architect
Architectual design competition
Golf course design fees
Resources
Library
Downloads
Events Diary
Covid 19 Help Page
Partners
Partnership Directory
Partnership Programme
Education
Become a golf course architect
Career path examples
Careers-Vocational Qualification
Sustainability
Golf course sustainability
Sustainable golf course development
Regulators and other authorities
Sustainable golf course development CPD
EIGCA Sustainable Design Register
Accessing this site means you agree to our cookie policy.
EIGCA Privacy Policy
The EIGCA is committed to protecting your privacy and respecting the personal data you supply to us.
This is carried out in accordance with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Collection of data
We collect your personal data when you:
join as a member, partner, affiliate, patron, or employee, or submit your details on https://eigca.org/contact, https://eigca.org/subscriptionform,
https://eigca.org/MembershipForm, https://eigca.org/member-referral-service, https://eigca.org/apply-golf-partnership.
We collect the minimum personal data necessary to fulfil your contract with us or to provide the information, product or service you have requested.
We are committed to keeping your personal data complete and up-to-date. Financial information
We may hold financial information including, but not limited to, bank details provided to make payments. Processing of data
Your personal data enables the EIGCA to keep you updated with relevant information which forms part of your contract (for members, partners and patrons) or to deliver the information you have requested. Our communications with you may be via email, social media, telephone, fax or post. By providing the EIGCA with your personal data, you consent to it being processed to:
Provide and administer the products and services you have requested Keep you up-to-date with the EIGCA and industry, member, partner and patron news Inform you about the EIGCA and relevant products and services Publish your name and company on event attendee lists Be sent requests through the Member Referral Service Allow the EIGCA to discharge its responsibilities to regulate professional practice and manage complaints under its Code of Conduct Publish a list of members, partners, affiliates and patrons on the EIGCA website (https://eigca.org/member-directory, https://eigca.org/PartnershipDirectory, https://eigca.org/Affiliates) Administer payments Determine eligibility for membership To manage participation in the EIGCA Continuous Professional Development (CPD) programmes
We will not sell your details to 3rd parties for any purpose. Sharing your personal data
We will share your personal data with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship we have with you, or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so. Our third parties are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.
We do not allow our third-party suppliers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specific purposes and in accordance with our instructions. EIGCA Members
The EIGCA has a policy of transparency with regards your membership. As an EIGCA member, you consent to us collecting information from you such as, but not limited to your full name, biography, membership information, practice name, contact information, CPD status projects and profile information to be listed in the EIGCA Membership Directory (https://eigca.org/member-directory). Additionally, you consent to the profile information you provide us with to be included on https://eigca.org/Member-Profiles. For the purposes of this policy, ‘member’ includes all categories of membership plus candidates for membership and students.
EIGCA Partners
The EIGCA has a policy of transparency with regards your company’s partnership. As an EIGCA partner, you consent to us collecting information from you such as, but not limited to your company’s logo, name and contact details being listed in the EIGCA Partnership Directory (https://eigca.org/PartnershipDirectory). EIGCA Affiliates
The EIGCA has a policy of transparency with regards you being an affiliate. As an EIGCA affiliate, you consent to us collecting information from you such as, but not limited to your full name, profession, contact details and biographical information being listed on the EIGCA Affiliates page (https://eigca.org/Affiliates). EIGCA Patrons
The EIGCA has a policy of transparency with regards your association’s patronage. As an EIGCA patron, you consent to us collecting information from you such as, but not limited to your association’s logo, name and contact details. EIGCA’s CRM database
If you have given your consent to be kept up-to-date on the EIGCA, our members, partners, affiliates and patrons, your personal data will only be retained for the purpose for which you entrusted it to us. EIGCA employees
The EIGCA has a policy of transparency with regards you being an employee. As an EIGCA employee, you consent to us collecting information from you such as, but not limited to, that obtained through your application and recruitment process, either directly from you or sometimes from an employment agency or background check provider. We may sometimes collect additional information from third parties including former employers, credit reference agencies or other background check agencies e.g. CRB.
We will collect additional personal information in the course of job-related activities throughout the period of you working for us. Website visitors
As a visitor to our website, you consent to us collecting information on you such as, but not limited to, your IP address, geographical location of where you accessed our website, information on how you use our website, that collected by cookies, and the type of device and browser you use to access our website.
This information is anonymised and we use this for a legitimate interest to help us provide a website in the most effective manner for you. Read our Cookie Policy .
Retention of your personal data
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the personal risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. Removing your personal data
To submit a request to have your personal data removed, email our Data Protection Officer, at info@eigca.org.
We will process your request within one week. Alternatively, you are able to unsubscribe from our marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email sent to you. Objecting to the processing of personal data
To submit a request to object to us processing your data, email our Data Protection Officer, at info@eigca.org.
We will process your request within one week.
We will process your request within one week. Alternatively, you are able to unsubscribe from our marketing emails (weekly events and training information, industry updates and network news) by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email sent to you. Managing your communication preferences
You can amend your communication preferences by contacting our Data Protection Officer, at info@eigca.org.
We will process your request within one week. Contact our Data Protection Officer
To discuss any concerns you have with the personal data we retain on you, please contact our Data Protection Officer, at info@eigca.org. Date published: 21st May 2018
Back
Golf Course Design
Read More
Covid-19 - How we are helping you ...
Read More
© 2020 EIGCA
Tel: +44 1483 891831
Email us
Contact us
Privacy / GDPR
Cookie Policy
×
Members Area
Cancel
Login
Forgotten your Password?
If you have forgotten your password, enter your email address and press "send".
New Password Sent! Check your E-mail Address!
E-mail Address not found!
Send