http://www.natlforests.org/get-involved/ways-to-give/privacy-policy
Donate
Support Our Forests
Remember or Honor a Loved One
Plant Trees
Plant Trees in Honor or Memory
Launch a Business Partnership
Menu
Our Forests
Overview
Find a Forest
Your National Forests Magazine
Our Forests, Our Water
National Forest Week
It's All Yours Campaign
Grant Programs & Resources
Overview
Matching Awards Program
Community Capacity
Stewardship Funds
Campaign Projects
Innovative Finance for National Forests Grant Program
Grantee Resources
Collaboration Resources
Conservation Connect Overview
Tools Search
Learning Topics
Who We Are
About NFF
Staff
Board
National Forest Leadership Council
Regional Offices
Our Impact
Jobs
Annual Reports
Press & News
Recent Press and Media Inquiries
Contact Us
Get Involved
Ways to Give
Tree Planting Programs
Conservation Finance Program
Volunteer Opportunities
Request for Proposals
Events
Sporting Clays Invitational
National Forest Excursions
Stewardship Funds
Youth Engagement
Tree Planting
NFF Tree Planting Program
Donate to Plant Trees
Start a Fundraiser
Corporate Tree Planting Partnerships
Small Business Partnerships
Planting for Our Climate
Treasured Landscapes
Corporate Partnerships
Blog
Keywords
Ways to Give
Privacy Policy
This notice describes the National Forest Foundation's privacy policy as it relates to donors and visitors to www.nationalforests.org, www.natlforests.org, www.becomeafriend.org, www.carboncapitalfund.org, www.nationalforestfoundation.org and www.friendsoftheforest.org web-sites (collectively: the web-site). The web-site is owned and operated by the National Forest Foundation (NFF). Our intention is to provide an informative tool for those interested in conservation and a mechanism for participation. We recognize that donors and visitors to the web-site may be concerned about how we use the information they provide us. The NFF is committed to honoring a visitor's privacy preferences. However, please remember that by visiting the web-site, you are accepting the policies described in this document. Periodically, this policy may be revised. Please check back from time to time to view any changes.
This policy is intended to be used by the web-site visitors and donors to determine consumer choice, informed consent, what information can be collected and how it can be used, and other pertinent privacy information.
Consumer Choice
We believe a visitor to the web-site or a donor is the best person to determine:
When and under what conditions to provide personally identifiable information that may be used to identify, contact, or locate a person.When the information may be shared with a third person.When to remain anonymous.
Informed Consent
If personal information is collected, we believe a visitor to the web-site or a donor has the right to:
Know when personal information is being collected.Know what personal information is being collected.Have the choice to prohibit the NFF from sharing the information with a third party.
Personal Information
We may request your name, email address, address, phone number, and other similar information.This information is collected when you request additional information about the NFF or our programs, submit a donation online, subscribe to tree-mail™, etc.
Non-personal Information
The NFF gathers non-personal information using cookies. We use Google Analytics and Google AdWords to collect web-site use anonymously and report web-site trends, without identifying individual users. This information is used by the NFF to monitor the web-site's traffic and to better manage our site by providing history of the different parts of the web-site that have been visited. It also helps users and online donors by recognizing them when they come back to the web-site. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
How Information is Used
The information you provide us is used to process and reply to the inquiry or purpose you requested.It is the policy of the NFF to respect your privacy. We do not exchange, rent or sell any personal information we receive from our web-site visitors or donors, both online and offline, to other organizations. If you have questions about our use of your information, please contact us:
National Forest Foundation Building 27 Suite 3 Fort Missoula Road Missoula, MT 59804 Phone: 406-542-2805 Fax: 406-542-2810 info@nationalforests.org
We provide links to third-party sites. As we do not control these sites, please take the time to read their privacy statements.
Security of Credit Card Information
If you choose to provide the NFF with your credit card information, we will use it only for the purposes for which you provide it.Using encryption and secure collection methodologies, we make every effort to ensure the protection of your sensitive information.If you are concerned about giving out your credit card information online, you can still contribute to the NFF by calling us or mailing a check to our address above.
Children (13 and Under)
The NFF does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please talk to an adult before supplying any personal information.
To Unsubscribe
If you wish to terminate receipt of information from the NFF or change any information previously provided, please contact us via email, regular mail, or telephone (all information provided above).
Questions
If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact us via email, regular mail, or telephone (all information provided above).
Last Revised: November 2016
×
Give a Gift That Grows
Support our National Forests for future generations. Give the gift of nature this holiday season to your loved ones.
Donate Now
No Thanks