https://www.nrmca.org/privacy/
Skip to content
NRMCA PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to National Ready Mixed Concrete Association (NRMCA). Maintaining the trust of our members and visitors is fundamental to the success of our organization.
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.NRMCA.org and any other sites and services operated by NRMCA, including  www.FlowableFill.org,  www.ConcreteStreets.org,  www.SelfConsolidatingConcrete.org, www.DecorativeArchitecturalConcrete.org, www.GreenRoofTops.org, www.PerviousPavement.org, www.GreenConcrete.info, www.ConcretepParking.org, and www.ConcreteBuildings.org. This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on our policies regarding:
–What Personal Information is collected
–Who collects the Personal Information
–How the Personal Information is used
–With whom the Personal Information may be shared
–The choices available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the Personal Information
–How you can correct any inaccuracies in the Personal Information
–What kind of security procedures we use to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of your Personal Information under our control
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is information that would allow someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your full name, address, telephone number, Social Security number, or email address. Personal Information does not include aggregated information that, by itself, does not permit the identification of individual persons (like statistics about how many persons visited our web site last month, or how many visitors are male and how many are female).
If you feel that NRMCA is not abiding by its Privacy Policy, you should contact us by e-mail: privacy@NRMCA.org.
Acceptance
This Privacy Policy applies to use of the NRMCA website and other sites operated by NRMCA. This Privacy Policy only addresses activities from our servers and those of our contractors that serve our sites. Other sites (including those that we link to and third party sites or services which we may co-brand) may have their own policies, which we do not control, and thus are not addressed or controlled by this policy.
Please note that if you provide any information on your own or directly to parties who provide service to our web site or any other sites you encounter on the Internet (even if these sites are identified with our branding), different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the Personal Information you disclose to them. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing information to third parties.
(1) What Personal Information Is Collected
You may provide certain Personal Information to us in a number of ways, including when you: (a) register for services, (b) register for free newsletters or other information, (c) complete questionnaires or surveys, (d) order products and services from us and (e) send email messages, submit forms or send other information to us. In addition, through the NRMCA Web sites or by other means, we encourage members and users to provide company information and contact information for some employees. This information is used to contact employees about NRMCA services for which they may have a targeted interest. It is optional for you to provide such Personal Information, but encouraged so that NRMCA can provide more personalized value to users and employees of members.
If you choose to pay for NRMCA services by credit card, you will be required to provide us the name of your credit card issuer, credit card number and expiration date.
We may use a feature of your browser called a “cookie.” A cookie is apiece of data stored on your hard drive containing information about you. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. One type of cookie that we may use, a “session cookie,” assigns an unique number that automatically identifies your computer when you visit the site. Once you close your browser, the session cookie simply terminates and is not saved on your computer disk drive. For instance, by setting a session cookie on our site, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. The second type of cookie that we may use is an “affiliate cookie.” This cookie is created on your computer only if you access our site from one of our affiliates. The affiliate cookie remains on your computer unless you intentionally remove it. However, like session cookies, affiliate cookies contain no information about you that can be linked to any personally identifiable information.
(2) Who Collects the Personal Information
NRMCA, which owns and operates the NRMCA web sites, is the organization that collects Personal Information on our site. Our mailing address is:
NRMCA, 66 Canal Center Plaza, Suite 250, Alexandria, VA 22314
Our customer service email address is customerservice@NRMCA.org.
(3) How the Personal Information Is Used
We use your Personal Information to provide you with content and services that are tailored specifically to the profile you provide.
We do not sell or provide your Personal Information to third-party marketers or other third parties unless you expressly agree in advance to let us do so (“opt-in”). In particular, we do not use your credit card information (if you choose to provide it to us) for any purpose other than payment processing and order confirmation.
We use your information on an aggregated basis (not personally identifiable) to do such things as operate our site, enhance our site and deliver messages. We may disclose aggregated information about our users but that information contains no Personal Information.
(4) With whom the Personal Information may be shared
Although your privacy is very important to us, due to legal rules beyond our control, we cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other Personal Information will not be disclosed to third parties. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, including sharing information with law enforcement to identify those individuals who use this site for fraudulent or other illegal activities. Additionally, in the unlikely event we need to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. In addition, we may share Personal Information with our contractors on a need-to-know basis in order to maintain our services provided that such contractors have agreed to the non-disclosure and confidentiality requirements that are consistent with the NRMCA Privacy Policy.
(5) The Choices Available to Users Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of the Personal Information
You are given the opportunity to “opt-in” to having your information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, our registration form may include an “opt-in” mechanism so only those users who wish to share Personal Information with companies other than NRMCA can authorize distribution of that information to third parties.
You may also “opt-out” of receiving non-essential communications directly from NRMCA. If you no longer wish to receive our non-service related mailings, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to the email and placing “unsubscribe” in the subject line of the email or email us at privacy@NRMCA.org.
(6) How Users Can Correct Any Inaccuracies in the Personal Information
If Personal Information changes, or if you no longer desire that we maintain any Personal Information about you, we will provide a way for you to correct, update or remove your Personal Information. This can usually be done for you at the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support or privacy@NRMCA.org.
(7) What Kind of Security Procedures We Use to Protect the Loss, Misuse, or Alteration of Your Personal Information Under Our Control
NRMCA takes precautions to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via our website, that information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration and personal profile forms ask users to enter Personal Information, that information is protected using industry-standard SSL encryption. While on a secure page, such as our profile form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just browsing.
SSL is an acronym for Secure Sockets Layer, and is a protocol for transmitting private documents via the Internet. SSL works by using a private key to encrypt data that’s transferred over the SSL connection.
We hope this policy clarifies our procedures regarding your Personal Information. If you have any questions about the security at our website or facilities, please send an email to:
privacy@NRMCA.org .
Concrete Credentials Podcast
This podcast covers experts from the design, development, construction, and other industries who understand the many benefits of using concrete. Listen here…
On-Demand Webinars
Various Online Learning Classes.
Click here to see more.
Pave Ahead Webinar Series
The Concrete Pavement webinar series focuses on technical topics related to design, construction, maintenance and rehabilitation of concrete pavements and concrete trails.
Click here to view
Build With Strength Webinar Series
The Build With Strength webinar series focuses on the design and construction of concrete buildings.
Click here to view
COVID-19 Resources
See All of Our Sponsors
Global Concrete Summit, November 30 - December 10, 2020
40% discount: Use coupon code NRMCA40 at check out!
Conference Website
Please submit your question below and our team will follow up.
×