http://www.cccu.com/about/accessibility-policy
Skip Content
Search
Search
X
For You
Borrow
Mortgages
Mortgage FAQ
Home Equity Loans
Student Loans
Auto Loans
Personal Loans
Loan Rates
Apply For A Loan
Manage
Direct Deposit
Forms
Mobile Banking
Online Banking
eStatements
eStatements FAQ
Bill Pay
Reorder Checks
Digital Wallet
My FICO Score
Save
Health Savings Account
Savings Accounts
Youth Savings Accounts
Deposit Rates
Investing
Spend
Checking
ATM/Debit Cards
Open Checking
Refer A Friend
Credit Cards
Gift Cards & Prepaid Cards
For Your Business
Borrow
Secured Loans
Commercial Construction Loans
SBA Loans
Commercial Real Estate Loans
Ready Reserve Line of Credit
Standby Letters of Credit
Term Loans
Manage
Direct Deposit
Merchant Processing
Mobile Banking
Online Banking
eStatements
eStatements FAQ
Bill Pay
Reorder Checks
Small Business Resources
Save
Business Deposit Rates
Business Savings Accounts
Spend
Business Checking
Business Credit Cards
Financial Education
Financial Fitness Center
Classes & Events
Calculators
Financial Counseling
Greater Good
Money on the Bookshelf
Fraud & Identity Theft
Banking Security Resources
Fraud FAQ
About Us
CCCU Overview
Careers
News & Promotions
Eligibility
Schedule an Appointment
Find a Branch/ATM
Contact Us
SEARCH
×
×
Login to CCCU Online
Federally Insured by NCUA
×
Just a Heads Up
By selecting ‘Continue’ you will be leaving the City & County Credit Union (CCCU) website.
CCCU is not responsible for accuracy, security, content, or services offered by other websites and their privacy and security policies might differ from ours. CCCU does not represent either the third party or the user if you enter into a transaction on the linked site.
We hope you will visit us again soon.
Continue Cancel
Home
About
Accessibility Policy
Accessibility Information
City & County Credit Union is strongly committed to providing a website that is as accessible to our Membership as visiting our branches in person. We have made our best efforts to implement the recommendations of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) as published by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) of the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C).
While there is no single definitive test of conformance to Level AA of the WCAG, we have used a variety of methods for assessing our accessibility, not limited to but including physical tests using screen readers and keyboard only. City & County Credit Union is aware that our brand colors do not always meet conformance standards. If you find text on a page that you cannot read, please contact us immediately so that we may provide the text in a more readable format.
If you find a part of the site that you feel does not conform to Level AA of the WCAG or are having difficulty getting the information you need, please use one of the methods below to let us know so that we can rectify any problem.
Contact us by phone at (800)-223-2801
Contact us via our Contact Us page.
Although City & County Credit Union strives to make every page accessible to users, we cannot guarantee that every page conforms to WCAG 2.0 Level AA.
Please note some pages have partial conformance due to the use of 3rd party vendors. As such City & County Credit Union does not claim full site-wide Conformance, as defined by WCAG Level AA 2.0. City & County Credit Union cannot ensure conformance of crucial third-party plug-ins and widgets.
Furthermore our conformance claims only extend to pages within the www.cccu.com domain.
Known limitations for our site:
Maps on our website are controlled through iframes: iframes containing Google Maps will have frameborder applied utilizing HTML attributes. Due to utilizing a third-party service to supply maps, this is not something that we can alter at this time. If the embed code for Google Maps is updated in the future to allow us better control, we will update our code at that time.
Maps on our website do not have titles: iframes containing Google Maps will not have a title supplied. Due to utilizing a third-party service to supply maps, this is not something that we can alter at this time. If the embed code for Google Maps is updated in the future to allow us better control, we will update our code at that time.
Page content is contained within a form that does not have a submit button or action: our website is built utilizing ASP.net webforms this means that all of the content for our page is contained within a form element and there is no submit button or action associated with the form. This is a requirement of the CMS platform we are on, and will not be able to fix without re-platforming our website.
Event Calendars are formatted using tables for displays: The calendar on our events page and events detail utilizes a table for displaying the data. This is the most appropriate choice to build something like this out and while we understand it can potentially cause some accessibility errors in reports, we have taken every effort to make this as accessible as we can. If an update to the third party tool we utilize for events is made available that increases accessibility we will update our code at that time.
If any of these issues prevents you from being able to utilize our website, please contact us via our Contact Us page or by phone at (800)-223-2801.
City & County Credit Union has used WCAG guidelines for conformance as suggested by the Department of Justice. Though some of the conformance found in WCAG conforms with 508 Compliance, we are not 508 Compliant.
City & County Credit Union chose to use WCAG for conformance because they are determined by the W3C, the consortium that makes the guidelines for the Internet, worldwide.
City & County Credit Union uses automated testing as a baseline for conformance but understands W3C's position that there is as yet no tool that can perform a completely automatic assessment on the checkpoints in the guidelines, and fully automatic testing may remain difficult or impossible'.