http://www.intecpharma.com/terms-of-use/
About
Management
Board of Directors
Technology
Narrow Absorption Window Drugs
Poorly Soluble Drugs
Manufacturing
Partnering
Pipeline
AP – CD/LD
AP – CBD and/or THC
Publications
Investors
News & Media
Events and Presentations
Stock
Financials
Governance
Investor FAQs
Contact IR
Email Alerts
Clinicians & Patients
Clinicians
Patients & Families
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Copyrights
Copyright © 2014 Intec Pharma Ltd. All rights reserved. The material on these web pages is copyrighted by Intec Pharma Ltd. (hereinafter “Intec Pharma”). Please respect the rights of Intec Pharma.
Permission is given to view the material on the Intec Pharma web pages and save that material only for personal non-commercial reference. No copying, modifying, using or distributing the material in any way is permitted unless you obtain the permission of Intec Pharma. Intec Pharma is not able to inspect or confirm that the materials contained on the web pages that are linked to this web page are correct in every case.
Intec Pharma provides the information on these web pages as is and without any warranties, including merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will Intec Pharma be liable for any loss of profit, business, use, or data or for indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages of any kind, whether based in contract, negligence or other tort. Intec Pharma may make changes to the web page materials and the product information and prices at any time without notice and without obligation to update the materials contained on these web pages.
Privacy Statement
Intec Pharma recognizes the public’s concern about privacy issues and personally identifiable data. We appreciate and acknowledge the importance of respecting individual’s privacy with regards to personal information submitted by visitors and users of our website. Accordingly, we have created this privacy statement, which we believe to be of great importance and concern to the public, and to you as a user and visitor to our website. The following is our privacy policy and practices in relation to http://www.intecpharma.com/.
We do not seek or collect any personally identifiable data from users and visitors of our website, rather we receive and store information which was voluntarily, intentionally and willfully submitted to us by those users and visitors. Such information may be submitted for the purpose of downloading software, entering a contest or sending us comments and feedback. The information may include contact information (i.e. e-mail address) and demographic information (i.e. age, zip code). The information submitted is then received and stored by us and is only used for the purposes for which it is submitted. Moreover, we provide our users with the option of changing or modifying information previously provided by them.
Any individual who has submitted information to our website has the option of changing, modifying or removing information previously provided by him/her by sending us an e-mail specifying the requested modification or removal of certain information submitted.
For any further information or questions please contact: info@intecpharma.com.
© 2000-2020. Intec Pharma Ltd. All Rights Reserved.   Sitemap  |  Terms of Use