http://www.torontocampingcentre.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyOur Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Toronto Camping Centre website. On some pages, you can request a service appointment, and contact us to request more information. The types of personal information collected on these pages are:
first and last name
email address
phone number
your RV year, make and model
type of servicing required
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when it is necessary to contact you in regards to your inquiry. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not shared with outside parties.
The information you submit on our website will not be used for any other purposes other than contacting you in regards to your inquiry and to inform you of upcoming events, promotions and service specials. You may, at any time, unsubscribe to the emails we send you to avoid receiving emails from us in the future.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have any other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-888-668-7852 or send us an email at info@tccrv.com.
Get In Touch
First Name (Required)
Last Name (Required)
Email (Required)
Phone
Please Include me in your email list...
Message