https://www.rubys.com/privacy-policy/
https://www.rubys.com/privacy-policy/
Order Online
Menu
Locations
Food Truck
Fundraising
About Us
Join Our eClub!
Menu
Locations
Order
eClub
Order Online
Menu
Locations
Food Truck
Fundraising
About Us
Join Our eClub!
Privacy Policy
All associated events & promotions only pertain to the Ruby’s Diner, Inc. locations.
RUBY’S and RUBY’S DINER are registered service marks of Ruby’s Diner, Inc.
What information do we collect: We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for:
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
And to send periodic emails. The email address you provide may be used to send you information and updates, in addition to receiving company news, updates, and related information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information:
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use cookies:
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only:
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent:
By accessing this site and providing information to us, you are consenting to our Privacy Policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified in June 2013.
Contacting Us:
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
– See more at Ruby Wants To Know!
Ruby’s Diner, Inc.
Home Office
4100 MacArthur Blvd. Suite 310
Newport Beach, CA 92660
Contact Us
Ruby’s In The News
Careers
Privacy Policy
Join Our eClub!
Sign Up
Copyright © 2020 Ruby's Diner All Rights Reserved
© 2020 Ruby's Diner
Ruby's uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume that you are happy with it.OKNOPrivacy Policy