http://www.arkansasbusiness.com/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
ArkansasBusiness.com is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following statement to understand how we and third parties use your personal information. The ArkansasBusiness.com website is owned and operated by Arkansas Business Limited Partnership of Little Rock.
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to enhance your experience on our website and the web. We use aggregated information and information tied to user logins to develop and serve content targeted to user interests and to improve the website user experience. ArkansasBusiness.com is committed to your privacy; we will not share any personal information with any third party other than as provided herein, after receiving your specific consent, or unless required by law.
What Our Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy covers the website and activities of ArkansasBusiness.com. Other Arkansas Business Limited Partnership sites linked to from this website have their own privacy statements.
Please be aware that ArkansasBusiness.com sponsors, advertisers and partners or affiliates with co-branded modules or sections on ArkansasBusiness.com may collect personally identifiable information about you while on our website. Personally identifying information includes information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, job title and industry. The information practices of those parties are not covered by this privacy statement. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by us.
Gathering of Information
Voluntary Submissions
ArkansasBusiness.com will collect personally identifying information about users in these scenarios:
You register to become a member of ArkansasBusiness.com.
You register for ArkansasBusiness.com e-newsletters.
You nominate yourself or others for awards like Arkansas Business of the Year or 40 Under 40.
In those cases, we’ll likely ask for basic personal information, like your email address, job title and industry.
In addition, we may collect information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses) if you contact us, your search queries on the website, and the contents of a user's public comments and postings on the site.
We’ll also collect personally identifying information when you order something from the ArkansasBusiness.com store. In addition to the basic personal information, we may request your address, telephone number and credit card information in order to complete the purchase.
We may also collect personally identifying information when you are logged in to our website. That information may include what pages you visit and what products you buy on ArkansasBusiness.com. We do not share this information with any third party. Our purpose in collecting this information is to enhance your experience on our website by offering highly personalized, relevant content and more effective customer service.
Users always have the option not to provide the information we request. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the ArkansasBusiness.com website, but you may be unable to access certain options and services.
When you register or become a member of ArkansasBusiness.com or provide information to ArkansasBusiness.com in any other manner, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed ("your Contributions") on public areas of the website, or transmitted to other users of the website or third parties. Your Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the site with whom you may choose to share your Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your computer's hard drive by your web browser. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that a website will use to track the pages and number of times you have visited. ArkansasBusiness.com uses cookies to track web and advertising analytics throughout ArkansasBusiness.com and subscriber status so that you don't have to login each time you visit the website.
ArkansasBusiness.com uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use this site. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. "Anonymous" means that no personally identifiable information is collected about you unless you explicitly submit that information on this website.
Business partners of ArkansasBusiness.com, vendors providing hosting and other services for ArkansasBusiness.com, third party analytics providers, as well as advertisers who contract directly with a third-party service to serve their advertisements on our website may set their own unique cookies through your browser. We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, choose to accept cookies only from certain websites or to refuse all cookies. And if you'd like to specifically opt out of Google Analytics cookies, you download this browser plug-in here.
Note that if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our website, you may not be able to use certain features of the site.
Registered Users
When logged into your ArkansasBusiness.com account, a unique identifier is passed along to Google Analytics to help us better understand how our customers are using the website. We never upload any data — like names or email addresses — that allows Google to personally identify an individual, or data — like a mobile phone’s unique device identifier — that permanently identifies a particular device. This unique identifier would allow Arkansas Business — but never a third party, including Google — to connect the data collected by Google Analytics back to your Arkansas Business account information.
Log Files
ArkansasBusiness.com web and ad servers log information about a site user's IP address, browser type and the current URL the user is requesting. This information is always provided by each and every user's browser. These log files are stored in a secure location and used — in an aggregated, anonymous manner — in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our website. This information is automatically logged by most websites.
Use of Information
Our primary goal in collecting user information is to enhance your experience on our website. We do this:
To Target Content and Advertising
We develop and provide content and advertising to you that are targeted to your interests. We use the analytics collected by the systems described above to determine which areas of our website you prefer based upon the frequency of your visits and engagement with those areas. We may make reasonable assumptions based on your browser-provided data and login information to target relevant content and advertising to you on our site and elsewhere where we may be acting as a third party. We may also make reasonable geographic and demographic assumptions based on your presented IP address to target relevant content and advertising.
To Provide Communications from ArkansasBusiness.com
To enhance your experience we may communicate with you via e-newsletter to the email address that you provide to us. Such communications are provided only to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to receive them as part of their user profile.
From time to time we may provide emails highlighting new features, promotions or contests on the website to those users who have expressly provided us with their permission to send such communications as part of their user profile.
Control of Your Information
Registered users may change the information stored in their subscriber profile, such as email address, zip code, country, title and industry, and they may elect to stop receiving newsletters or marketing material from ArkansasBusiness.com. Users may choose to stop receiving such communications at any time by visiting the website and logging into their profile.
Users in some countries have the right to request the review, update, and/or deletion of their personal information. We respect these rights. You can request any of these actions by contacting us through the website or by making a request by mail:
ATTN: Customer Service Team
Arkansas Business
P.O. Box 3686
Little Rock, AR 72203
We will respond to requests within 30 business days from receipt of a request.
If you delete your Contributions from the website, copies of your Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other site users.
Sharing of Information
When you are on ArkansasBusiness.com and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with ArkansasBusiness.com as well as business partners and vendors providing hosting and other services for ArkansasBusiness.com.
We use third parties to provide credit card processing and email service on our site. When you sign up for such services, we will share your personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. If you do not want your information to be shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of your information by not using that particular service.
In addition, if you provide any personally identifiable information via an advertiser promotion, please be aware you are directly providing your personally identifiable information to that advertiser.
From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you, such as your name and email address. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether to disclose this information. We use this personally identifiable information to for internal purposes only.
We may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company will be prohibited from using our users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personally identifiable information you provide through a contest or survey with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
We also have features allowing you to send an email to yourself and/or others about an item on our website. If you choose to use our email referral service, you will be required to provide the email address or addresses that will be used in the notification. Upon form submission, an email will be generated to your recipient(s) inviting them to visit the URL you have recommended. We do not store this information other than for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Aggregate, Anonymous Information With Advertisers
ArkansasBusiness.com derives the majority of its revenue from advertising and sharing information is essential to keeping our services affordable to users. In order to attract and retain advertisers we use the aggregated, anonymous information that we gather (as well as information from third-party market researchers) to describe our services to partners and to assist our advertisers and sponsors to better understand our audience. We do not disclose personally identifying information about our users to these parties.
As Necessary to Provide Services to You
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of e-newsletters, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service.
In some instances these companies may collect information directly from you (such as for credit card processing for the purchase of products like our lists or subscriptions). In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the external service provider. In all cases, these companies are subject to agreements that require them to maintain the confidentiality of your information and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
As Required By Law
ArkansasBusiness.com may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on ArkansasBusiness.com or to protect and defend the rights or property of ArkansasBusiness.com.
Your information is stored on ArkansasBusiness.com's servers located in the United States. We use industry standard procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy, including encryption, "firewalls" and the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. But "perfect security" does not exist on the internet.
Privacy of Children
Children under 13: Do not send any information about yourself to us — including information such as your name, address, or email address. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our privacy statement, please feel free to contact us by email. We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one. Our mailing address is Online Editor, ArkansasBusiness.com, P.O. Box 3686, Little Rock, AR 72203 or (501) 372-1443.
How Will I Know if the Privacy Policy Is Changed?
This statement may change from time to time, so please check back periodically. Any material changes to our privacy policy will be posted to this statement, the ArkansasBusiness.com home page, and other places we deem appropriate.
Search
Editors Picks
High Court Lets 2015 Arkansas Law Regulating PBMs Stand
US Steel Buys Remaining Stake in Big River Steel Plant for $774M
Metal Recycling Corp. Buys Assets of Sol Alman Co.
Express Rx Buys 7 AllCare Pharmacies
ACDS Touts ReSkill Program for Pandemic-Affected Arkansans
Bubbus Behind Mabelvale Project Facing I-30
Virus Diaries: Small Businesses Continue to Weather Pandemic Storm
Most Read
High Court Lets 2015 Arkansas Law Regulating PBMs Stand 21 hours ago
Metal Recycling Corp. Buys Assets of Sol Alman Co. 22 hours ago
WLR Dental Property Sold for $1.1M 4 days ago
Update: Highland Pellets Closes $135M Deal to Fund Expansion 2 days ago
Land Bought for $1.19M to Become Bear Den Estates 3 days ago