https://www.pppltd.com/privacy-policy/
+44 (0) 1296 653029
u2us@pppltd.com
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Privacy Policy
Introduction
At Premier Plastic Parts, we take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the services that you have requested from us. We will not share your information with other third parties unless specifically requested by you.
This privacy policy details how we collect and use personal information during and after your working relationship with us, in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The kind of information we hold about you
Personal information is information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
The information that we collect in relation to you (in a business capacity) that we hold and use to administer your account with us, includes: your name, email address, postal address, bank account details and contact telephone numbers.
We will also record your account preferences when you consent to receive email updates or postal updates.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information to administer your trading account with our business. This will include but is not limited to: Obtaining product information to fulfil a quotation, providing design advice, processing orders, quality processes and financial transactions.
We will only use your personal information for the purposes that it was collected for, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Protecting your data
We adopt industry appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Information. Data is stored both in on-site servers and in the cloud. Access to your name and email address is restricted to our employees who need to know such information in connection with providing Premier Plastic Parts’ services to you and are bound by confidentiality obligations.
These measures have been put in place to protect the security of your information and procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach. Details of these measures are available upon request. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so.
How we share your data
We will only share your data with third parties (including third-party service providers and other entities in the group) where you have requested that we do so, including third-party service providers and other entities in the group.
We require third parties to respect the security of your data and to treat it in accordance with the law.
We will share your personal information with third parties where required by law, where it is necessary to administer the working relationship with you or where we have another legitimate interest in doing so.
How long will you use my information for?
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
Should you cease trading with our company your records will be retained for a minimum of 7 years for accounting purposes. Any email addresses names and contact telephone numbers will be deleted from our system by our Accounts team ensuring that the only information held is in relation to financial transactions and order history.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
What are your responsibilities?
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes during your working relationship with us.
What are your rights?
Upon request and once we have verified your identity we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. Those who wish to correct, update or remove any Personal Information may do so by contacting Premier Plastic Parts at u2us@pppltd.co.uk. Such changes may take up to 48 hours to take effect. We respond to all enquiries within 30 days. Contact Premier Plastic Parts If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about Premier Plastic Parts’ personal data practices or this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to get in touch at the address below.
Cookies & Privacy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. Cookies are small data files and the cookies we use are “analytical” cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around the site when they are using it. Cookies are used to allow us to provide you with a quality website experience and to collect information about browsing behaviour. By using and browsing the Premier Plastic Parts website, you consent to cookies being used. If you do not consent to the use of cookies you should disable these within your web browser or refrain from using the Premier Plastic Parts website.
If you contact us through our website by form we may keep a record of that correspondence, but the data will be kept no longer than necessary and processed in accordance with current legislation. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers.
Complaints
If you have any questions about this privacy notice or how we handle your personal information, please contact our data protection contact. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues.
Should a data breach occur we will carry out all required investigations within a 30-day period, this will be managed by our Data Compliance Officer.
Changes to this privacy notice
We reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time, and we will provide a new privacy notice when we make any substantial updates.
How to contact us
Premier Plastic Parts Ltd. Ladymead Business Park, The Willows, Quainton, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, HP22 4AN UK
www.pppltd.co.uk u2us@pppltd.co.uk 01296 655 555
Registered in England No. 3053913 VAT No. 719 1610 45
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled