http://www.cioview.com/about_us/about_privacypolicy.html
expertise
|
resources
|
support
|
about us
CIOview Software
Complete Software Listing
SnapShots
SecurityNOW!
TCOnow! for
:: Disk
:: Enterprise Storage
ROInow! for
:: Consultant - ROI for Any IT Project
ROI/TCO SnapShots
:: About SnapShots
About Us
About CIOview
IT Analysis
Fact Sheet
The Team
President's Letter
Strategic Partners
Contact Us
Sitemap
About
Your Privacy While Visiting Our Site
At CIOview, we are concerned that your privacy is respected. You can freely access our Web site without providing any personal information. We use any information that you may choose to provide us only to serve you better. We do not sell or rent your personal information to any other companies or individuals.
You may choose to share your name and email address with us. For example, you may choose to share your email address in order to be kept informed of CIOview news, or to access certain members-only areas on our Web site. This sign-in is optional. If you access certain features of the Web site from a CIOview Partner's Web site, and choose to sign in for more information, your sign-in may be shared with that Partner so that they may fulfill your request for further information.
We do use cookies on our site in order to customize your experience and learn how to improve our services.
When you visit our site, our computers may automatically collect statistics about your visit. This information does not identify you personally, but rather collects information about a visit to our site.
We may monitor statistics such as how many people visit our site, which pages people visit, from which domains our visitors come and which browsers people use. We use these statistics about your visit for aggregate purposes. These statistics are used to help us improve the performance and substance of our Web site.
In the course of purchasing CIOview products online, you may encounter our trade partners, Authorize.Net and Volusion. CIOview works with Authorize.Net to serve as a trusted intermediary to handle e-commerce transactions with our customers. Authorize.Net handles e-commerce on a secure server that encrypts all of our customers' personal information. To learn more about how Authorize.Net manages the privacy of information in conjunction with these e-commerce transactions, please see their complete privacy policy statement (www.authorize.net/company/privacy/). In addition, CIOview utilizes an SSL certificate issued by trusted partner Volusion. (www.volusion.com) to additionally secure our online store. SSL encrypts or scrambles any information sent from your browser to the server you are connected to, making it virtually impossible to intercept and tamper with the information on the way.
Please feel free to write, call or send us an e-mail message with any questions or comments you have about our privacy policy.
CIOview Corp. • P.O. Box 2165 • Acton • MA 01720 • P (+1) 978.456.0333
Copyright © 1999-2015 CIOview Corp. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy