http://www.scholzenproducts.com/privacy-policy.html
HomeCatalogHistoryDeliveryCredit ApplicationMeet The TeamOur MissionSales TermsArea InformationContact UsPrivacy Policy
Username
Password
Remember me
Lost Password?
Forgot your username?
Your Cart is currently empty.
Catalog
Fencing
Plumbing
Pumps
Roofing
Sprinkler
Steel
Tools / Hardware
Waterworks
Welding
Manufacturers
General Manufacturer
Makita
Miller Welding
Moen
Rainbird
Toro
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Scholzen Products Company website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-435-635-4441 or send us an email at
This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
.