https://www.bizmanualz.com/about-bizmanualz/bizmanualz-terms-conditions
Safe Shopping Guaranteesafe shopping guaranteeYou can’t go wrong when you make a purchase from Bizmanualz. Our policies and procedures manuals are written with your needs in mind and, as a result, are being used by thousands of happy customers around the world!Secure Credit Card ProcessingFor all online transactions, we use premium Secure Socket Layer(SSL) certificate which provides industry standard data encryption of information (including credit card numbers and passwords).  This ensures a safe and secure transfer of information from your computer to our website. We are very serious about protecting your sensitive information.Shop with ConfidenceIndustry Standard Compliance. We have partnered with Stripe, a leading payment gateway, to accept and store credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.  Bizmanualz, Inc. does not store your credit card information on any of our computers or servers.  The Stripe Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks.Stripe adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).Compliance with EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Stripe Privacy Policy.7-day Money Back GuaranteeBizmanualz products are returnable for credit within one week of purchase if you are not fully satisfied. To contact us for a refund, call 314-863-5079 or email sales@bizmanualz.comBBB Accredited BusinessBizmanualz is a Better Business Bureau Accredited Business with a BBB rating of A+Flexible (and Diverse) Payment MethodsYour payment choices include credit card, bank wire transfer, or PayPal. Company purchase orders and business checks drawn on U.S. Banks greater than $100 are accepted upon prior approval by Bizmanualz, for U.S. orders only. For more information, contact Bizmanualz by phone, fax or email.Major Credit Cards AcceptedBizmanualz respects the privacy of our customers, training participants, and visitors. While we may collect specific personal or professional information (such as name, title, mailing address, email, etc) we use this data internally only. You can also be taken off of our mailing list about future promotions, courses, and offers by sending an email message to: sales[at]bizmanualz[dot]com. We accept all major credit cards including Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases with Bizmanualz. Please provide the billing address and telephone number where you receive your credit card statement. Incorrect information may cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon processing your order.No information is provided to outside parties for any purpose. Credit card information collected on the Internet is not stored on any of our computers. We use Authorize.net as our Internet merchant provider and as such we are not provided with your credit card number at the time of the sale.PayPal verification  Send money to anyone with an email address to many countries in the PayPal network. PayPal is free to use and your information is kept secure. Your Product will be shipped upon completion of the transaction, just like using a credit card. Use PayPal Credit and Get 6 Months to PayOn orders of $99 or more, just check out using PayPal and choose PayPal Credit.Money Orders, Cashier’s Checks, Company Checks, And Personal Checks, Too!Bizmanualz accepts money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, and company checks in U.S. Dollars and drawn on a U.S. bank only. Orders are processed upon receipt of your money order or cashier’s check. For personal and company checks, please allow 7-10 banking days after receipt for clearance of funds before the order is processed. Send your check along with a copy of the web order form to:Bizmanualz, Inc. 7733 Forsythe Blvd – Suite 1100 Clayton, MO 63105, USAPhone: 314-863-5079 Fax: 314-863-6571 Sales: 800-466-9953 (in USA)Product will be released when your check clears our bank. NOTE: We will charge a $25 fee on all returned checks.Wire Transfer InstructionsPlease contact us for instructions and bank wire information. To avoid any delay in your order shipment, please include your Order ID in the wire transfer message and notify us when the wire has been sent. Let us know via email, phone, or fax the country of origin, exact amount wired, and the Bizmanualz product you desire. We will ship your order upon receipt of the wire; allow 7-10 days for shipping to international destinations.MISSOURI SALES TAXBizmanualz is located in St. Louis County, Missouri and is, therefore, obligated to withhold sales tax for deliveries within the state of Missouri.Satisfied Customers WorldwideBizmanualz customers include thousands of satisfied organizations and individuals from around the globe. Some  procedures may refer to US laws and regulations, but they are based on standard best practices and are generic enough to be used in all settings regardless of industry or geography.Microsoft Office DocumentsAll prewritten policies and procedures templates are written in Microsoft Word and are very easy to edit and customize. Occasionally, some documents might be in other MS Office formats like Excel, PowerPoint or Visio. Documents are compatible with MS Office 2003 and above.Please note that guides and ebooks are available in Adobe PDF format and are not editable.OpenOffice CompatibleSince Bizmanualz documents are written in MS Office programs, you can easily use other compatible software like OpenOffice to edit them. Please note that all features and formats may not be fully compatible. Microsoft Certified PartnerBizmanualz is a Microsoft Certified Partner, which means that we have access to the latest versions of Microsoft software. This allows us to understand the requirements of different versions of any particular software(like Microsoft Office) and make the required adjustments so that you are covered no matter what version of Microsoft Office you have.Delivery OptionsDOWNLOAD IMMEDIATELYAll products from Bizmanualz are available for instant download. You can download your order as soon as your order is processed and/or when we have received payments. In the case of credit card orders, your order is processed virtually immediately and you will be able to download as soon as you complete your order.If you purchase a manual, you will download a self-extracting zip file containing MS Word files. If you purchase any of our individual policies or procedures, you will download a Microsoft Word document. You can download by logging into your Bizmanualz account.Use and LicenseALL RIGHTS RESERVEDThe information contained in all publications for sale are the property of Bizmanualz and are original copyrighted works registered with the Register of Copyrights in Washington, D.C. No part of any of these publications may be reproduced or translated beyond that described in sections 107 or 108 of the 1976 United States Copyright Act except by the original purchaser for use in connection with the maintenance of company records or manual preparation.REGISTRATIONAll text and electronic forms and derivatives of all publications developed by Bizmanualz are registered to a specific licensee (“original purchaser”). If you are in possession of any printed or electronic text version of these publications and you are not a registered licensee, you are in violation of federal copyright laws and may be subject to substantial penalties.Your purchase grants you the right to alter, redesign and reproduce any or all parts of these publications for your company’s sole use. This registration is for your use in providing assistance with manual development, implementation and related training programs. Applicable codes and laws of state and federal jurisdiction strictly prohibit any other use of these publications.Your purchase does not transfer ownership of any part of these publications to you or your company.CONDITIONS OF USEThe information contained in these publications are original or derived from other printed and electronic text materials developed by Bizmanualz. These publications are designed to provide accurate and authoritative information regarding the subjects addressed. Bizmanualz is not engaged in the rendering of any legal advice, nor other professional advice beyond its scope and level of expertise.LICENSEThe licensee is granted the right to alter, redesign and reproduce any or all parts of these publications for its sole use in providing in-house manual creation and training programs for all of its present subsidiaries. This license does not entitle the licensee to limited, partial or sole ownership of the material or its copyright. Any other use of this publication is strictly prohibited by applicable codes and laws of state and federal jurisdiction.The licensee agrees to hold harmless Bizmanualz, its officers, employees and agents from all claims, except of gross negligence or of willful misconduct by the party or their agents, employees or independent contractors. This agreement extends to the information contained in this publication and all training and consulting services conducted in conjunction with these publications.This license is issued by Bizmanualz, the holder of the copyright under which this publication’s copyright is registered. Receipt of these publications indicates agreement with all terms and conditions as described.DISCLAIMERALL PRICES SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICELIMITATION OF LIABILITY: The foregoing states buyer’s exclusive remedies in connection with the performance of products sold; seller makes no other warranty or guarantees, expressed or implied, with respect to the products sold thereunder. Seller expressly disclaims any implied warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose on said products. Buyer assumes full responsibility for the use of the products purchased. Seller shall not be liable for any damages that may arise as a result of, but not limited to, loss of anticipated profits or benefits resulting from the use of any products purchased. In no event will seller’s liability exceed the buyer’s purchase price of the products.This disclaimer by the seller in no way affects the terms of the manufacturer’s warranty. All goods are guaranteed by the manufacturer as described in the warranty or licensing agreement for each product. In addition, manufacturer’s warranties for exported goods may vary or even be null and void. Title to goods herein being purchased is retained by the seller until goods are paid for by the purchaser and at that time title passes to purchaser.Notwithstanding the above, with respect to all users of our site, Bizmanualz reserves the right to disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (including personal information or private electronic communication transmitted on our site): (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Bizmanualz.com; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Bizmanualz or its users, sponsors, providers, licensors, or merchants. Bizmanualz also reserves the right to reject any order or to request additional information from any customer. 0HomeContact UsAbout UsHelpMy Account