http://www.securityimaging.com/privacy.html
Badge Supplies
HID Access Cards
ID Card Systems
Visitor Management
Contact
Company
Cart
Badge Clips
Badge Holders
Badge Reels
Lanyards
Luggage Tags
HID Proximity Cards
HID or B-Prox Access Cards
HIDClass Cards
Printers
Cleaning Kits
ID Badge Software
PVC and Overlays
Slot Punches
Ribbons
Wristbands
Lamination Supplies
Employee ID Badges
HomePrivacy Statement
Contact InfoSecurity Imaging has been in business since 1996 serving companies in need of photo ID equipment and supplies. Address:13716 32nd Ave NE #123Seattle, WA 98125 Contact Info:Toll Free: 1-877-369-7033 or Local: 206-527-8819Fax:206-527-4918General Email: info@securityimaging.com Hours:Monday - Friday 8am - 3pm P.S.T.Payments AcceptedVisa, Master card, American Express, Cash, Net 30
Contact Us
Privacy StatementBasic Policy Security Imaging, Inc. is sensitive to the issue of confidentiality in online dealings and is committed to protecting your privacy. In some cases, Security Imaging, Inc. requests personally identifiable information from you in order to satisfy the underlying transaction or purpose of your accessing the Site. Examples of personally identifiable information include names, e-mail addresses, mailing addresses, and the like. If identifiable personal information is collected from you, Security Imaging, Inc. will abide by the following policy. For matters not covered here, we will treat the information in a manner Security Imaging, Inc. deems appropriate given the nature and extent of the information.General Data Collected When you visit our site, our web server automatically recognizes only your domain name, but not your e-mail address. We collect the domain name and monitor general site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site and the products and services we offer. Security Imaging, Inc. uses web server logs to collect data for metric purposes. Examples of the types of data collected on the logs are IP addresses, referral pages, date and time of Site access, and Site visited. We may use collected data to customize the content and/or layout of our pages for each individual visitor. Additionally, Security Imaging, Inc. may collect registration data in order to monitor compliance with the terms of use governing the Site.Cookies SecurityImaging.com is committed to continually improving our visitor's experience with our web site. Cookies are currently the only way to effectively identify a unique anonymous visitor and understand how they navigate our web site. An anonymous visitor to our site remains anonymous in all cases. We do not attempt to identify visitors if they do not voluntarily enter contact information on our web site or request to be contacted through our web site. Security Imaging, Inc. may use cookies for tracking purposes and to make your use of any personal page areas of the Site easier. A cookie is a data file written to your hard drive by the server controlling the Site. If you want to be warned before a cookie is placed on your hard drive, you may set your browser to provide a warning before it accepts a cookie. With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you choose to prevent the use of a cookie, some functionality of your use of the Site may be impaired.Orders All orders are to be placed over the phone and you will only be contacted at your request. No contact information will be sent to Security Imaging, Inc. without your knowledge and express consent by clicking a 'Request Information' button or its equivalent. We use this information to fulfill your order and to communicate with you about your order and future offers from Security Imaging, Inc. only. If you so desire, you may request not to be contacted at any time and Security Imaging, Inc. will remove you from all mailing lists, both conventional post and electronic.Disclosure We do not rent, sell, or trade any personally identifiable information about you (e.g., e-mail addresses) to third parties. We may disclose information to third parties assisting us in processing a transaction requested by you (e.g., credit card service providers). In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas, or court orders, to protect Security Imaging, Inc.'s systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of Security Imaging, Inc.'s business and systems, Security Imaging, Inc. may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate under the circumstances.External Links For the convenience of our Site visitors, Security Imaging, Inc. may provide links to web sites that are external to Security Imaging, Inc. These web sites are not operated or controlled by Security Imaging, Inc., and Security Imaging, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such external web sites.Children The law has special requirements for sites with respect to children under the age of 13. Security Imaging, Inc. asks children under 13 not to transmit any information to the Site. Security Imaging, Inc. welcomes the parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 to use the Site and provide any information, service, or product gained from the Site to their child.RevisionsFrom time to time, Security Imaging, Inc. may revise this privacy statement at its discretion. Security Imaging, Inc. advises you to check back periodically to review the privacy statement because users of the Site will be prospectively bound by the then-current version of this privacy statement.International Data TransmissionIf you are one of our international guests, we realize that you may want to know whether your personal information will be transferred out of your country of origin. Please be aware that when you request information through our Site, the Security Imaging, Inc. web site transfers your personal data to computers in the United States in order to process your request.
Order safely through our secure online checkout
Custom designs available in our ID Badge Service
Most items have low minimum order quantities!