https://www.dgough.co.uk/privacy
Derek Gough LLP
About us
About DGA
Why Us
How to find us
Our Team
Testimonials
Careers
Our team
Services
Case studies
Life of a project
Blog
Contact us
Cheshire
call us: Cheshire 01565 831 999
London
London 02038 188 303
Liverpool
Liverpool 0151 541 6909
Get a quote
DGA Privacy Policy
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
GDPR stands for General Data Protection Regulation, a new privacy law that regulates the processing of personal data relating to individuals in the European Union. It gives you control over the data that organisations have about you and how they market to you.
GDPR strengthens the rights that individuals have regarding their personal data, and seeks to unify data protection laws across Europe.
We will not rent or sell or share your email with any third party, and we never have. However, we use third party analytics software from Google, Facebook, Insightly, and Call Rail. In some cases, we may place a cookie on your side to enable us to better understand who is visiting our sites and how they use them.
We don’t serve ads to our site visitors using any third-party tools. When we run ads on Facebook, LinkedIn or Google, we may use audience data to serve you and people like you ads based on your visits to our sites.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you complete the contact us form on our site, place an order, share your details on the phone, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or request a callback.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We use Insightly as our CRM (Customer Relationship Management system). This is where we store most of our data concerning any enquires, products, and services you use and information about you, your business and projects e.g. names, phone numbers, email addresses and physical addresses. This information is also used with our other internal systems used for billing, quoting and invoicing; primarily Xero and PandaDoc.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalise your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
We use a third-party provider, MailChimp, to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorised with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website here.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us here.
I have used the services of Derek Gough Associates for numerous jobs and tenders over many years. They are always very professional, knowledgeable, and always meet deadlines. I have no hesitation in recommending them.
Over 125 years combined experience.
Derek Gough Associates Ltd. | Quantity Surveyors
COVID-19 CONSTRUCTION HELP & DGA SERVICE »»
Read More