http://www.moserrides.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy website www.moserrides.com
Date this information notice enters into force: 15.06.2012
Reason for this information notice
This page describes how this website is managed in relation to the processing of personal data of users who visit it.
This notice is provided pursuant to art. 13 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 - Code regarding the protection of personal data for those who interact with web services accessible electronically from the address: www.moserrides.com
This information notice applies only to the website in question and not to other websites potentially accessed by the user via links.
The information notice is also inspired by Recommendation no. 2/2001 that the European authorities for the protection of personal data gathered by the Group established on the basis of Article 29 of Directive n. 95/46/EC, adopted on 17 May 2001 to establish minimum requirements for collecting personal data online, and, in particular, the manner, timing and nature of the information that data controllers must provide to users when they connect to web pages, regardless of the purpose of the connection.
“Data controller”
Following consultation of this website, the data of persons identified or identifiable may be processed.
The “data controller” is Moser’s Rides S.r.l., with offices in Strada Statale 12 Via Abetone Brennero, 15B - 46035 - Ostiglia (MN) ITALY
Place of Data Processing.
Processing related to web services of this website takes place at IT1 Data Center - Via Gobetti, 96 52100 Arezzo ITALY and is only handled by employees, collaborators, technical staff of the office in charge of data processing, or others designated for occasional maintenance operations.
No data deriving from the web service is communicated or broadcasted.
Personal data provided by users who submit requests for information materials (bulletins, CD-ROMs, newsletters, annual reports, answers to questions, deeds and provisions, etc.) is used only to provide the service or assistance requested and is disclosed to third parties only if necessary for that purpose.
Types of data processed.
Navigation data
The IT systems and software procedures used to operate this website acquire, during normal operations, some personal data and the transmission of it is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols.
This information is not collected in order to be associated with identified persons, but due to its very nature could, through processing and association with data stored by third parties, identify users. This category of data includes IP addresses or domain names of computers utilized by users that connect to the website, addresses in URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) notation for requested resources, time of request, method used to submit the request to the server, size of the file obtained in reply, numerical code indicating the status of the response given by the server (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters regarding the operating system and computer environment of the user.
This data is used solely to obtain anonymous statistical information on website usage and to make sure it is functioning correctly and is deleted immediately after processing. Data could be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical IT crimes perpetrated against the website: except for this possibility, data on web contacts are not stored for more than seven days.
Data provided voluntarily by users
The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mail to addresses listed on this website implicates the subsequent acquisition of the email address of the sender, needed to answer requests, as well as any other personal data included in the email.
Specific summary information will be gradually reported or displayed on pages of this website dedicated to particular request-based services
Cookies
On the www.moserrides.com website, cookies are used for the sole purpose of recording, at your request, for a limited number of days, the access identifier (id) so as to allow safe and efficient navigation of the website (for more information contact the data controller).
No personal data is intentionally acquired from the websites.
We do not use cookies to transmit personal information, nor are systems used for tracking users.
The so-called cookies used on this website avoid resorting to other IT techniques potentially detrimental to the privacy of user data and do not permit the acquisition of personal identification data.
Navigation data and statistics collected by third parties (modified 15.06.2012)
As has become customary on the Internet, this website uses statistical analysis tools provided and operated by third parties that may collect and "trace" some navigation data.
It is worth noting that many Italian and foreign websites normally make use of this technology and solutions in "outsourcing", but very few people report it in their "Privacy Notice". We have tried to do this and inform you in the most correct and open way as possible. We are always at your disposal for any further information or clarification.
Since it is collected via different tools and Companies with respect to the manager of the website, this data is not physically possessed by Moser’s Rides S.r.l. which can only consult it but cannot edit or delete it themselves. For these operations or in order to receive extensive information on the privacy policy applied to such data, the user needs to contact the Data Controller or to the Company that provides the statistical service used directly.
The tools belonging to third parties used within this website are the following:
- Google Analytics (provided by: Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway - Mountain View CA 94043, USA)
Information relating to GOOGLE ANALYTICS
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google").
Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files that are placed on your computer to help the website analyze how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address to any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser, but this may prevent you from using all the features of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Useful addresses in order to better understand the privacy policy of Google Analytics:
- http://www.google.com/analytics/it-IT/tos.html
- http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Any queries concerning the data relating to this processing should be addressed to the owner (Google Inc.).
Optional nature of Data provision.
Apart from what is specified in navigation data, users are free to provide personal data via forms or as indicated in contacts to request dispatch of informative materials or other communications.
Failing to provide such data may make it impossible to obtain what you request.
For the sake of completeness, we remind you that in some cases (not covered in the ordinary management of this website) the Authority may request information under Article 157 of Legislative Decree. N. 196/2003, in order to control the processing of personal data. In these cases, replying is obligatory or administrative penalties apply.
Processing methods.
Any personal data is processed by automated tools for the time strictly necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
Specific security measures are observed to prevent loss of data, illegal or incorrect use and unauthorized access.
We inform you that, in order to provide a complete service, our website contains links to other websites that are not managed by us. We are not responsible for errors, contents, cookies, publication of unlawful moral content, advertisements, banners or files that do not comply with current regulations and the Privacy Law by websites managed by us which are referred to.
To improve our service, we appreciate receiving immediate notification of any malfunction, abuse or suggestions to the following email address: moser@moserrides.com.
Rights of interested parties.
Those to whom this personal data refers have the right, at any time, to obtain confirmation of the existence or otherwise of such data and to know the content and origin, verify its accuracy or request its integration or updating, or correction (art. 7 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003).
Under the same article you have the right to request elimination, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed unlawfully, and to oppose, in any case, for legitimate reasons, its processing.
Requests should be addressed to the Data Controller by writing to moser@moserrides.com.
Processing methods.
If you have questions regarding this Notice, please contact first of all the data controller by sending an e-mail to moser@moserrides.com.
Processing methods.
Moser’s Rides S.r.l. reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy to adapt it to applicable law, as well as taking into due account suggestions submitted by employees, customers, collaborators and users. In the event of changes to this Privacy Policy by Moser’s Rides S.r.l., the word 'upgrade' will be displayed next to the link to the Privacy Notice on the main page of www.moserrides.com.
If there are material changes to the Privacy Policy, Moser’s Rides S.r.l. will publish such changes in a prominent way.
×
We use Cookies - By using this site or closing this you agree to our Cookie Policy.