https://www.hfcu.org/website-privacy-agreement.html
Skip to Main Content
Temporary Changes to Branch Availability
Click here to see temporary changes to branch availability at our Bedford, Coast Guard, Dorchester, McCormack, Moakley, and O'Neill branches.
Website Privacy Agreement
In order to effectively deliver comprehensive online banking services, Hanscom FCU must collect personal information about members and others who visit and use its internet web site. As with information we collect through other means, we use the information members provide online to respond to member needs, service member accounts, and provide members with information about other services Hanscom FCU offers.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECTHanscom FCU may collect any personal information you share with Hanscom FCU when you use Hanscom FCU’s website(s) to perform your banking on line, such as when you apply for a loan, pay bills, make payments on a loan or a credit card, and when you use Hanscom FCU’s website(s) to inquire about Hanscom FCU’s products and services, such as when you request information about products and services, or answer an on-line survey.
Hanscom FCU also collects certain non-personal information when you visit Hanscom FCU’s website(s). For example, our servers keep an activity log that tracks all visitors to the Hanscom FCU Credit Union website(s). The information in the activity log is anonymous and therefore does not identify you individually. The anonymous information our server collects may include among other data: your IP address, browser type, your registered domain or home server, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, number of clicks, software crash reports, session identification number, search terms, search results, access times and referring website’s addresses.
This information is collected through use of cookies. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores directly on the computer a member is using. Cookies can contain a variety of information, from a simple count of how often a member visits a website to information which allows customization of a website for member use. Hanscom FCU Credit Union uses cookies to gather data about the usage of our website. Anytime a cookie is used, personal information is encrypted for our use only and is protected from third party access. Under no circumstances can a website other than those from our domain read or interact with the cookies created by our domain.
Google Analytics Hanscom FCU’s website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect anonymous traffic data to help us analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by a cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for us and providing other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. The data generated by Google Analytics is used solely by Hanscom FCU for the purposes of evaluating the demand for, and offering, its own services and products.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, customize Google Display Network ads by clicking here. For more information about opting out, click here. The data generated by Google Analytics is used solely by Hanscom FCU for the purposes of evaluating the demand for, and offering, its own services and products. Though this data is processed and stored by Google or its third party affiliates, the data remains Hanscom FCU’s property, and neither Hanscom FCU nor Google, nor third parties employed by Google, may sell this data.
Third Party Links Hanscom FCU Credit Union provides links to business partner websites and to other resource websites as a courtesy. A notification message appears as members click on our credit union partner links to advise that they are leaving the Hanscom FCU Credit Union website and entering an external website outside of our domain. Users are also notified that at that time, they may cancel this action and return to our website or continue to the external site. A business partner website will be identified with our logo. In addition, Hanscom FCU’s website may direct you to social media sites, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and LinkedIn. Hanscom FCU may collect any personal information you share on these social networking sites.
Some search engine websites and social media platforms (e.g., Facebook) that display our search-based ads or relationship-based ads offer their own opt-outs. Please visit those sites and platforms for more information. For more information about opting out of Facebook for example, click here. Please remember that when a member leaves our site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Once members visit another website, their web privacy and security is defined by that website's own policies. This includes social media and networking sites where Hanscom FCU maintains an online presence. When accessing any third party content within, or through, the Hanscom FCU website, we encourage members to review the privacy policy and security offered on that site before providing any personal information. Hanscom FCU does not guarantee or assume liability for any third party product or service obtained through our website. Hanscom FCU Credit does not represent either the third party or the member if the two enter into a transaction. Please also remember that social media and email are not secure methods of communicating with Hanscom FCU.
HOW YOU CAN MANAGE YOUR COOKIE PREFERENCESMost browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. Please refer to your browser’s support document for information about blocking and deleting cookies for your specific version and operating system. Blocking cookies may impact your user experience on HFCU.org and Online Access; not all features may be available if cookies are blocked.