http://www.sazerac.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: June 21, 2017
INTRODUCTION
This website and/or mobile application (collectively “Site” or “Sites”) is provided by Sazerac Company, Inc., a Louisiana corporation and/or its affiliates (“Sazerac,” “we,” or “us”). Sazerac includes, without limitation, businesses operated under the following brand names: Click here to view the brands page These Terms of Use (“Terms”) apply to all Sites where they are posted and/or referenced. By using this Site, you accept these Terms. Please read them carefully. By using this Site, you also certify that you are 21 years of age or above. Some services offered on this Site may be subject to additional terms and conditions, which can be found at the location where such services are offered.
If you are under 21 years of age or do not accept these Terms in their entirety, please leave the Site immediately.
MODIFICATION
We reserve the right to modify these Terms at any time. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such modifications, you accept the modified Terms.
PRIVACY
Any personal information you provide through the Site will be used by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference.
YOUR ACCOUNT
You are responsible for the confidentiality of your account (if any), your password (if any), as well as all statements made and acts or omissions that occur on your account. If you believe someone has used your password or account without your authorization, you must notify us immediately. Your account may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, in our sole discretion. We may also change, restrict access to, suspend, or discontinue the Site, or any portion of the Site, at any time without notice.
CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
When you visit the Site or send an email, text message, or other communication from your devices to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text, in-app push notices or by posting notices and messages on this Site. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
SITE CONTENT
We, our suppliers and/or Site visitors may post content on the Site including, without limitation, merchandise information, product descriptions, reviews, and comments (collectively, “Site Content”). Site Content is presented for educational and informational purposes only. Despite our efforts to provide useful and accurate information, errors may appear from time to time. We do not warrant that Site Content is accurate, complete, reliable, current, timely or useful. We are not responsible for and cannot guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by third party advertisers on our Site or others to whose sites we link. Product information contained on the Site may be different from information contained on the product materials due to manufacturing changes. If you find a product is not as described on the Site, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition to the store from which it was purchased (excluding products that are not eligible for return).
COLORS
We attempt to display the colors of the products shown on the Site as accurately as possible. However, we cannot guarantee that the color you see on the Site matches the product color, as the display color depends, in part, upon the monitor or screen you use.
PRICING, SITE ERRORS AND OMISSIONS
Pricing or other errors or omissions may occur on the Site from time to time. Sazerac attempts to correct all pricing and other errors or omissions as soon as they are discovered, or as soon as we receive notice of an error. We reserve the right to cancel any promotions or offers containing pricing or redemption value errors or other errors, with no further obligations to you, even after your receipt of a confirmation from Sazerac.
THIRD PARTIES
References on the Site to any names, marks, products, or services of third parties, or links to third-party sites or information are not an endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation of the third party, its information, products, or services. We are not responsible for the content of any third-party linked site or any link contained in any linked site. Your use of a third-party site linked from our Site is at your own risk and will be governed by such third party's terms and policies.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT
Site visitors may be permitted to post and submit reviews, comments, photos, videos, and other content to the Site, so long as the content is not, in Sazerac’s sole discretion, illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of unsolicited commercial electronic messages. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content you post on the Site or submit via the Site. If you post or submit content to us, and unless we explicitly state otherwise, you grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media, whether now known or unknown. You grant to us and our sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post or submit; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify us for all claims resulting from content you supply. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor or edit or remove any activity or content on the Site. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any content posted or submitted by you or any third party.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
All copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, other intellectual property and materials on the Site (collectively, the “Intellectual Property”) are owned, controlled or licensed by Sazerac, one of our affiliates, or by third parties who have licensed their materials to us and are protected by U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. You may access, view, download, and print the Intellectual Property and all other materials displayed on the Site for your personal, non-commercial use only; provided, however, that you (1) retain all copyright, trademark, or other proprietary designations contained on all Intellectual Property; (2) do not modify or alter the Intellectual Property in any way; and (3) do not provide or make available the Intellectual Property to any third party in a commercial manner.
No license, right, title, or interest in any materials or software is transferred to you as a result of your use of the Site or your accessing, viewing, downloading, or printing of the Intellectual Property. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Intellectual Property, the Sites, or any related software without the prior express written consent of Sazerac. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Sazerac without its prior express written consent. You may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Sazerac’s name or trademarks without the prior express written consent of Sazerac. You may not misuse the Site. You may use the Site only as permitted by law and/or as set-forth in the Sazerac policies governing such use. The licenses granted by Sazerac shall automatically terminate if you do not comply with these Terms.
All software used on the Site is the property of Sazerac or its suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms are reserved and retained by Sazerac or our licensors, suppliers, publishers, rights-holders, or other content providers. Sazerac names and logos, and all other graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts and service names included in or made available through the Site are trademarks or trade dress of Sazerac. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not ours, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Sazerac. All other trademarks or marks not owned by Sazerac that appear on the Sites are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with or connected to Sazerac.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Sazerac harmless from any and all claims, proceedings, damages, injuries, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys; fees and litigation expenses), relating to or arising from your use of the Sites and/or any breach by you of these Terms.
COPYRIGHT
If you believe any Site Content infringes your copyright, you should send written notice of copyright infringement to our designated copyright agent at the address given below. Your notice must meet the requirements of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (as required under 17 U.S.C. § 512) by providing the following information:
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
Your address, telephone number and email address;
A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law;
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the owner of the copyright at issue or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; and
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright at issue.
Our designated copyright agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Site may be reached at the following address:
Sazerac Company
Copyright Agent
Compliance Department
10101 Linn Station Road
Suite 400
Louisville, Kentucky 40223
COPYRIGHT COUNTER-NOTICE
If you believe that your content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) pursuant to a Digital Millennium Copyright Act notice we received is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to law, to post and use the content in your content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent at the address listed above:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in Louisville, Kentucky, USA, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Sazerac may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Sazerac’s sole discretion.
DISPUTES
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of the Site will be resolved by binding arbitration in the federal judicial district in the Western District of Kentucky], except to the extent that you have, in any way, violated or threatened to violate any Sazerac intellectual property right. Any Site visitor who intends to seek arbitration must first send to Sazerac by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”). The Notice must be mailed to Sazerac Company, 10400 Linn Station Road, Suite 300, Louisville, KY 40223, Attention: Chief Compliance Officer/Arbitration Demand. The Notice shall describe the nature and basis of the claim or disputes and the specific relief sought. If we cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after the Notice is received, either party may commence arbitration.
All arbitrations required by these Terms will be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator’s award is binding and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration brought under, or with respect to, the Site (including, without limitation, any Sazerac advertisement or disclosure, any email or text message or other communication that Sazerac sends to or has with you, or the collection or use of any information about you in connection with the Site), these Terms or your status as a Site visitor is to be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these Terms whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. Unless Sazerac and you agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one Site visitor’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative, private attorney general, or class proceeding.
For arbitration claims you assert against Sazerac in accordance with this section (but not for any arbitration claim against you), Sazerac will pay all of your administrative, hearing, and arbitrator’s fees and costs for the arbitration (but not the fees, expenses, and costs of your lawyers, experts, or witnesses) in excess of any filing fee you would have been required to pay to file the claim as a lawsuit in a state or federal court (whichever is greater) in Louisville, Kentucky. Unless unlawful, Sazerac will pay its, and you will pay your, lawyers’, experts’, and witness fees, expenses, and costs with respect to all claims. The arbitrator may award money or equitable relief in favor of only the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party’s individual claim. Similarly, an arbitration award and any judgment confirming it apply only to that specific case; it cannot be used in any other case except to enforce the award itself. To reduce the time and expense of the arbitration, the arbitrator will not provide a statement of reasons for his or her award unless requested to do so by all parties.
To the extent permitted by law, you will not agree to act as a representative or a private attorney general, or in any other representative capacity, or participate as a member of a class of claimants in any lawsuit against Sazerac in any court, or in arbitration, with respect to any claims relating in any way to the Site (including without limitation Sazerac advertisements and disclosures, email and text messages Sazerac sends to you, or relating to the collection or use of any information about you in connection with the Site), these Terms, or your status as a Site visitor. This section (confidential arbitration) will survive the termination of the relationship between you and Sazerac. Sazerac or you may seek injunctive relief in any state or federal court in Jefferson County, Kentucky, USA, and Sazerac and you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts in Jefferson County, Kentucky, USA, as described herein for injunctive relief purposes. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY SAZERAC ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. SAZERAC MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE SITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, SAZERAC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, SAZERAC DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR ANY MERCHANDISE OFFERED, INCLUDED, REFERENCED OR ADVERTISED ON THE SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY PRODUCT WARRANTY OFFERED BY THE MANUFACTURER OF AN ITEM. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL SAZERAC OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF SAZERAC HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WILL SAZERAC BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF ONE-HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00) IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE SITE.
APPLICABLE LAW
By using the Site, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Kentucky, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Sazerac.
MISCELLANEOUS
No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of these Terms, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Sazerac in any respect whatsoever. We may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to these Terms, by email, regular mail, or posts on the Site. These Terms, which shall be deemed accepted by you upon your use of the Site and constitute the entire agreement among you and Sazerac regarding use of the Site. Sazerac’s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of the enforcement of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. These Terms are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you, except with our prior written consent. The headings in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect.
CONTACT AND VIOLATIONS
Please contact us with any questions regarding these Terms. Please report any violations of the Terms by emailing info@sazerac.com.
SAZERAC COMPANY, INC.
101 Magazine Street
New Orleans, LA 70130
866.729.3722
info@sazerac.com
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF USE
HUMAN RIGHTS POLICY
ACCESSIBILITY POLICY
CA Privacy Notice
Code of Conduct
CAREERS
NUTRITION
CUSTOMER SERVICE
NEWS & MEDIA
Sitemap
Do Not Sell My Personal Information