https://www.reprisk.com/reprisk-privacy-and-cookie-policy
RepRisk Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
RepRisk appreciates your visit to our website and your interest in our products and services. Your privacy is important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our site. We take care to protect any personal data we collect, use, or otherwise process, during visits to our site.
In the course of serving you as an individual client or as a visitor to our website, RepRisk may obtain certain personal information about you (“personally identifiable information” or PII). PII, as used in Swiss privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Obtaining this information is important to our ability to deliver the highest level of service to you, but we also recognize that you expect us to treat this information confidentially and appropriately.
This policy describes the types of personal information we may collect about you, the purposes for which we use the information, the circumstances in which we may share the information, and the steps that we take to safeguard the information to protect your privacy.
What kind of information does RepRisk collect?
When you visit the RepRisk Website, our web server automatically records details about your visit (for example your IP address, the website from which you visit us, the type of browser software used, the RepRisk Website pages that you actually visit including the date, and the duration of your visit).
We collect personal information only when it is voluntarily offered by you and it is reasonably necessary for the purposes of conducting our business. For example, during the course of our business relationship with you, you might provide your name, address, email address, and contact numbers. If necessary, we may ask to you provide additional information from time to time. We may collect this information from you via webpage, mail, email, telephone, text message, or in person. You can update your preferences at any time.
Our website also uses web-analytics tools for website analysis. These tools collect data related to the type of device or browser you are using, your anonymized IP address, and on-site activities to measure user interactions on our website, to get a sense of where in the world visitors to our website come from, and to help us maintain, improve, and develop our services. The information we collect is anonymized and is not shared with the web-analytics tools providers or any other third parties.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our website, request a trial registration to our RepRisk ESG Risk Platform; place an order on our Webshop; subscribe to our mailing list to receive our research, publications, newsletters, and more; respond to a survey; or fill out any other form on our website.
For what will RepRisk use your personal data?
For the purposes of technical administration as well as research and development of the RepRisk Website
For client and user administration and marketing
For marketing purposes including direct marketing (for example, to email newsletters) and to inform you about our research, publications and news, and products and services that may be of interest or that you may have signed up to receive, where you have consented to receiving such information
To facilitate our internal business operations, including assessing and managing risk, and fulfilling our legal and regulatory requirements
To conduct surveys, where you have consented to receiving such information
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis using Malware Scanning for known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is stored in secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of RepRisk employees who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all login attempts and access to sensitive information are logged. All information transferred from and to our information systems is encrypted using TLS/SSL per default.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order, enters, submits, or accesses his or her information to maintain the security and privacy of your personal information.
All payment transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
To whom do we disclose your information collected from the RepRisk Website?
RepRisk is committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information. We limit access to your personal information to authorized RepRisk staff, who, like our service providers are held to stringent standards of privacy. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information against loss, misuse, damage or modification, and unauthorized access or disclosure.
RepRisk uses commercially reasonable best efforts to abide by applicable laws and regulations in its use of personal data. RepRisk does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
We may disclose your information to governmental agencies or entities, regulatory authorities, or other persons in line with any applicable law, regulations, court order or official request, or under any and for the purposes of any guidelines issued by regulatory or other authorities, or similar processes as either required or permitted by applicable law.
Third-party links: Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
We will communicate any changes to our Privacy Policy on our Privacy Policy Page.
Users are able to change their personal information:
Email us at support@reprisk.com
Call us at +41 43 300 54 40
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow cookies) that enables the website's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device. Cookies play a variety of roles, including helping you to efficiently navigate between pages, remembering your preferences, and generally improving the user experience.
Our website and the web-analytics tools may also set cookies on your browser or read existing cookies to measure user interactions with our website. You can use incognito mode to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser. Cookies are deleted after you close your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. You can update your cookie preferences anytime.
How does RepRisk use cookies?
We use cookies on our website to:
Understand the total number of visitors to our sites on an ongoing basis and the types of internet browsers (e.g. Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g. Windows or Macintosh) used by our visitors
Monitor our sites' performance, including how visitors navigate our website, and to improve our website in order to better serve you
Customize and enhance your online experience
Managing and Deleting Cookies
RepRisk respects our clients’ and website visitors’ privacy and understands that you may want to control which cookies are set as part of your visit to our website. You can manage the use of cookies on your devices by using functions available on most internet browsers, and cookies can also be deleted by your device's storage medium at any time. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You can do this through your browser (e.g. Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you choose to delete or refuse a cookie, please bear in mind that you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website, and any communications you receive from us may be less relevant to you than they might otherwise have been. To learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them, click here http://www.aboutcookies.org/
2020
This website uses cookies that are essential for the website to work, as well as tracking cookies and tools. We do not use these cookies or tools to identify you, and you can opt out at any time. Please confirm that you agree to the use of cookies and website tracking and refer to our Privacy and Cookie Policies.