https://www.choicebizops.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy policy
Home » Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us at Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. we are committed to safeguarding your privacy. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated.
This privacy policy applies to the information we collect about you, when and how we collect that information and what may happen to that information. We do not sell, trade or share your email, phone or address information with any other company.
Browsing: You may visit our website without revealing who you are or providing any personal Information. We may collect anonymous usage information, but it is not linked to any personal information. We use this to understand how our website is being used, and how our visitors connect to our website.
Personal information you provide us: This policy applies to all information you submit to Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. The types of personal information we may receive include: Name(s), Addresses, Phone Number(s), Email Address(s), Professional Background and Personal Financial Information, or such other information as you choose to provide.
How we use personal information: Our seller clients expect that we obtain your qualifications prior to providing detailed financial information on their business. We may share all personal information you provide with any of the of the business opportunity sellers we represent or potential sellers you authorize us to contact on your behalf, and/or their advisors. You represent and warrant the accuracy of the financial information you provide us. We will not share your personal information with anyone other than as disclosed herein without your authorization. Phone numbers and email addresses are used solely for our communication with you and are not shared with outside parties other than as disclosed. We will never send unsolicited e-mail to anyone.
Cookies and Ad Servers: We do not use cookies or partner with or have any relations with any ad server companies. Contact Us: Should you have questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please call us at 303-758-4200 or via Email . Our address is 1777 South Harrison Street, Ste GL-70, Denver, Colorado 80210. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy, visit our website periodically to review any changes.
Disclaimer: Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. makes no warranty; express or implied, concerning the information contained in this web site and expressly disclaims any warranty of accuracy, completeness, merchantability and fitness for a particular use. You use of this website and all information and services available through this website at your own risk. You agree that Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. will not be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages or any other damages whatsoever arising out of your use or inability to use this website or any information or services of Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd., whether based on contractual, statutory, tort or other grounds. Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. disclaims any and all responsibility for any actions taken as a result of the information displayed on any pages of this website.
Copyright: This website is copyrighted © 2005 and all rights are reserved. All logos, trademarks, trade names, and materials comprising this website are owned by Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. and/or third parties. No part of this information service may be captured and reproduced in any form or by any means for the purpose of distributing the information to other parties without permission in writing from Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. Certain hyperlinks found in this website may lead to resources maintained by third parties over whom Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. has no control. Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. makes no representations or warranties as to the accuracy of or any other aspect relating to those resources.
Questions? Comments?
Name:*Email:*
Phone:Enter your comments in the space provided:*Captcha
Testimonials Our attempt to sell the business ourselves proved to be inadequate and frustrating. After months of confusion and misdirection, we contacted Mr. Doran at Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. To this day, we consider ourselves lucky we did. From the beginning to the end it was a pleasant and profitable experience. The cost and procedures of selling a business were clearly reviewed. Recommendations were made and explained, but the final decisions were left up to us. Every contingency was anticipated and planned for. The entire operation was professionally organized and conducted. The closing was amicable and effortless. The end result was a clean smooth sale with little or no problems. We are amazed at the quick resolution involving the entire transaction. Without hesitation we would use Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. again. (Seller)R B.,
Your references indicated your company has a track record of satisfied clients; PUT ME ON THE LIST. Having sat on all sides of a closing table in my life, it is a sincere pleasure to watch a pro at work. Your pre-closing efforts to “dot the I’s and cross the T’s” prior to closing made an emotional time a pleasant experience. Thanks. (Seller)J. S.,
From the initial meeting through the follow-up conversations to after closing, Choice Business Opportunities has been a very professional organization providing honest opinions (both pros and cons) and strategies for the transaction all with a low pressure atmosphere. I would highly recommend anyone looking to sell or purchase a business to at least contact Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. before signing a contract with a broker.  You will be glad you did. (Seller)C. H.,
Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. was dedicated to making sure that I knew as much of the risks, trials, and tribulations of the purchase process as possible. They didn’t so much as try to turn me away, but taught me how it REALLY is. Even this cynical business owner believes that they actually cared about the long term success of the deal for both me and the previous owners. (Purchaser)J. B.,
I couldn’t have been more pleased or impressed with Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. although they were technically representing the seller I never felt there was any partiality. The intricacies of buying and selling the business were handled fairly and adeptly. If I had to single out what impressed me the most I would have to say that it was the refreshing frankness of our discourse. Mark is a straight shooter. He didn’t candy-coat the trials and tribulations of owning a small business; rather realistically explained the possible frustrations and satisfactions that accompany this sort of undertaking. I will certainly look forward to working with them in the future. (Purchaser)A. M.,
Over months I encountered a number of brokers who were unsatisfactory. Others just didn’t provide good service. I called Mr. Doran at Choice Business Opportunities. He was honest. What a refreshing change. He was patient, always available for my questions and requests for information. Mark does everything possible to make a transaction a win-win for the seller and buyer. (Purchaser)M. W.,
Mark provided a take charge service that takes the worry out of buying a business. In two transactions for my wife and I they applied a professional approach each time. We are very satisfied with their services. (Purchaser)K. C.,
Buying and selling a business is frightening. The seller is vulnerable to disclosure to customers, competitors, and to the company staff. Buyers and seller might misrepresent themselves. It is a high stakes venture into the unknown. Two qualities in a broker are absolutely indispensable; Trust and Competence. I hold Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. to be first class in both qualities. I found them to be both trustworthy and competent professionals. What difference does it make which broker I choose? Well, the difference between a top dollar offer and a poor offer; between a wasted year at best (great loss at worse) and a successful transaction, between a buyer who is ill-suited to succeed and a buyer with a high probability for success; between buying a lemon with cooked books and buying a business with reasonable expectations for continued success. Of course, this all brings us back to Trust and Competence. When the time comes to buy or sell again, I’ll call Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. (Seller)J. S.,
Thank you for all the information and knowledge you passed on to me. I’ve visited a lot of brokers over the past year, but there is no one that I have me that has even come close to the level of effort and integrity that you put into your business. When the time comes to sell, I guarantee that you will be the first person that I call. (Purchaser)S. P.,
Choice Business Opportunities took on what I thought was going to be an impossible task selling my business. He was always looking out for my interests and trying to maximize the income from the sale. Mark got the job done in short order. The closing was simple and smooth and I was happy with the deal and so were the buyers. If I had another opportunity to sell, I would not hesitate to turn to Choice Business Opportunities. (Seller)W. K.,
I am writing to let you know how great an experience it has been to work with you in the sale of my business. When I contacted you I was totally naïve about the process of selling my business. Someone less ethical could certainly have taken advantage of my lack of knowledge. Instead you immediately went to work on my behalf and educated me in the process as it unfolded. I felt very comfortable with the entire process and was pleased at the price you were able to secure for my company. Your knowledge of all types of businesses as well as your high standard of integrity combined to make it a surprisingly low stress event. Your support since the sale has been truly more than I could have hoped for. I would highly recommend your services to any business owner or prospective business owner. Thanks again for all of your support. (Seller)M. C.,
I have had the pleasure of doing business with Choice Business Opportunities for over 20 years. Mr. Doran brings a presence to the business opportunities profession of insight, competence and integrity.J. I.,
Mr. Doran's transactions are characterized by an accurate business valuation, fair and incite-filled dealings with all parties, and comprehensive and complete attention to detail. The parties fully understand the nature and results of the transaction. Mark’s practice is based extensively on repeat and referral business. We are very appreciative of our long professional relationship with him and highly recommend using his services for conducting business acquisitions.P. Nemkov, Attorney,
Choice Business Opportunities has a reputation for a high degree of professionalism. I frequently recommend them to those of my clients who are in need of services in the area of the purchase and sale of businesses.J.K.,
Choice Business Opportunities, Ltd. helped me sell a business for my client’s estate. They were knowledgeable, professional, courteous and responsive. With their negotiation skills and transaction knowledge we were able to structure a transaction, which not only brought top dollars to the estate but solved other family and estate issues. I am certain I could never have done this without their professional services. (Seller)M. Bailey CPA,
The purchase and sale of a business is a very complicated transaction requiring the structuring, supervision and management skills of an experienced professional. My firm has worked closely with Choice Business Opportunities and Mr. Doran for over 20 years, engaging in over 150 business acquisitions during that time.B.S.,
“I definitely recommend Mark to those wanting to sell their business. His realistic approach to valuation and straight-forward common-sense approach gets the job done. Because of this he was able to sell my retail business in a declining market. Additionally, as a commercial real estate agent I only refer clients to people that I trust will be professional and ethical"L. B.,
“Mark is highly experienced, fair and an expert adviser. I have recommended him to several prospective clients.”S.S.,
“When you buy a business don't trust an evaluation from your friends, who are CPA/controller - hire a professional. Mark is one. His explanations, analysis and report were great. I believed his numbers. From my side it was well spent money by consulting with Mark"I.G.,
“Mark did an excellent job in selling and marketing my business. He was spot on with evaluations, time frame and knowledge of my business. I still meet with Mark from time to time for some expert advice. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND MARK.”D.H.,
“I have known and worked with Mark Doran for over 10 years. Having interfaced with many business brokers over the past 20 years, I can state that Mark is head and shoulders above most. His integrity is very high. He is very creative, diligent, and able to get "deals" done when others cannot. I would be pleased to talk to anyone about my business relationship with Mark.”L.T.,
“Thank you Mark for saving me from buying a "bad" business. I am glad I had a chance to work with you and I am looking forward to working with you again. Marek K., Denver CO”M.K.,
“Mark Doran DELIVERS! I shopped over a year for someone to sell my business, met with dozens of business brokers. When I met Mark, he was by far the most imformative & took tons of time to educate me through all the in's & outs. He seemed the most honest & direct & I truely believed he tells the truth, NOT just what you want to hear. I had great respect for the straight facts. When we decided to sell it & completed the paper work, it was UNDER CONTRACT IN LESS THAN ONE WEEK!!! FULL ASKING PRICE. I will use him again & I currently use him as a yearly business/tax consultant because he is so knowledgeable.”B.F.,
“Mark is a merger and acquisition pro who skillfully handles all elements of a transaction. He works well with both buyer and seller and creates a win-win deal for all.”T.B.,
“If you're looking for a no nonsense, tell it like it is, business broker, hire Mark. He worked hard, did a ton of research, and sorted candidates carefully to bring us qualified buyers to sell our company for a fair price. His experience and knowledge proved invaluable during the sales process. If I were listing a company for sale, I would hire Mark again. Next time I buy a company, Mark will be the first person I call. Give him a call, and you'll see what I mean.”C.L.,
"Mark Doran is impressively ethical. He asks a lot of questions, listens carefully and will only take on clients who are a good match for his expertise. Mark is one of the few people you can trust to do what is right for the business as well as what is right for the buyers and sellers."T.S.,
“I have had the privilege of working with Mark for over 25 years in the business acquisitions field. Mark has contributed a high degree of professionalism, competency and client satisfaction in each of his business transactions. I recommend clients to use Mark's expertise on a regular basis.”P.N.,
“I have purchased one business through Mark and hired his firm to represent me in the purchase of two others. He is a huge asset in either buying or selling a company. I would highly recommend Mark and his company to anyone looking to purchase or sell a business in Denver.”M.B.,
“Mark understands both sides of the deal. He walks you through the process and explains in detail what each step will entail. I highly recommend Mark if you are looking to buy or sell a business”R.F.,
Site MapHome
Insights
About
Testimonials
For Sellers
Seller FAQ’s
For Buyers
Finding a Business
Buyer FAQ’s
Business Valuation
Multiple of Seller’s Discretionary Earnings
Resources
Consulting
Contact