http://www.wbresearch.com/cookie-policy
Worldwide Business Research
Jobs
Conferences
Connect Events
WBR Insights
About Us
Cookie Policy
Last updated 24th June 2019
This Cookie Policy explains how cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookie(s)”) are used when you visit WBR websites as well as any other services that display this Cookie Policy. This policy explains what these technologies are and why they are used, as well as your right to control their use.
We may change this Cookie Policy at any time. Please take a look at the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page to see when this Cookie Policy was last revised. Any change in this Cookie Policy will become effective when we make the revised Cookie Policy available on or through the Site. If you have any question, please contact us by email at dpo@wbresearch.com.
1. What Is A Cookie?
A cookie is a small text file (often including a unique identifier), that is sent to a user’s browser from a website's computers and stored on a user’s computer's hard drive or on a tablet or mobile device (collectively, “Computer”). A Cookie stores a small amount of data on your Computer about your visit to the Site.
We may also use “web beacons” (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies on our Site to enable us to know whether you have visited a web page or received a message. A web beacon is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an email or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote website on the internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a web page or message. A web beacon helps us to understand whether you came to our website from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, measure successes of email marketing campaigns and improve our website performance. They may also enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your personal information. In many instances, web beacons rely on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
We place and access Cookies on your Computer; these Cookies are known as “first-party Cookies.” Cookies may also be placed and accessed by some of our third-party vendors, which are known as “third-party Cookies” and are described below. Some Cookies are "session Cookies," which means that they are temporary Cookies that are only stored on your device while you are visiting our Site. Other Cookies are "persistent Cookies," which means that they are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Site.
You can choose whether to accept Cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you disable this function (or keep this function disabled, as set by default by certain browsers), your experience on the Site may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
2. What Cookies Do We Use?
Below we list the different types of Cookies that are used on the Site that you are visiting.
To the extent any personal information is collected through first-party Cookies, our Privacy Policy applies and complements this Cookie Policy. Personal information collected through a third-party Cookie is subject to the privacy policy of that third party, and not our Privacy Policy.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Cookies Used
Purpose
event_id
These cookies are used to make sure visitor page requests are routed to the correct application site.
channel_id
These cookies are used to make sure visitor page requests are routed to the correct application site.
XSRF-TOKEN
Ensures visitor browsing -security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the web site and visitor.
ecochannels_eco_app_session
These cookies are used to make sure visitor page requests are routed to the same server in all browsing sessions.
_gat_gtag_UA_55941384_1
This cookie is associated with Google Tag Manager which we use to load scripts into our website pages.
__smVID
Necessary for the sign-up function on the web site
_gat_gtag_UA_55941384_1
Allows the web site to recognize the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Cookies Used
Purpose
_vwo_uuid_v2
Used by Visual Web Optimizer to ensure a visitor always sees the same version of a page and is used to track behaviour to measure the performance of different page versions.
feathr_session_id
Used by Feathr - Identifies user activity that is close together in time in order to group interactions.
__utma
Google Analytics gathers information allowing us to understand interactions with our websites and ultimately refine that experience to better serve you.
__utmz
As Above
_gid
As Above
__utmb
As Above
__utmc
As Above
__utmv
As Above
utm_campaign
As Above
utm_source
As Above
utm_medium
As Above
_ga
Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data onhow the visitor uses the website.
_gat
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate
_vis_opt_s
Used by Visual Web site Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment.
_vis_opt_test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
_vwo_uuid_v2
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the web site's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
Collect
Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels.
v.gif
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the web site, which optimizes the web site's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
vwoSn
This cookie is set to make split-tests on the web site, which optimizes the web site's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website.
wistia
Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Cookies Used
Purpose
mac
Used to determine a 'Marketing Action' you may have been referred by.
disc
Used to pass discount codes & promotions from 'Marketing Actions'.
ssource
Used to determine a Sales Person involved, as a result of a 'Marketing Action'.
sales_method
Used to determine the method of the 'Marketing Action'. Could be from a download, a referral or direct telephone enquiry.
elq_camp_id
Used for tracking of Marketing Campaign in Eloqua.
ext_treat_id
Used to track Marketing Action in Eloqua.
__smToken
This cookie is used to determine if the visitor is logged in or not.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Cookies Used
Purpose
__gads
DoubleClick for Publishers service from Google. Its purpose is to do with the showing of adverts on the site.
_fbp
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
ads/ga-audiences
Used by Google Ad Words to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behavior across websites.
bcookie
Used by the social networking service, Linked In, for tracking the use of embedded services.
BizoID
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's references.
Bscookie
Used by the social networking service, Linked In, for tracking the use of embedded services.
ELOQUA
Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device up on return visits. Used for auto-populating forms and to validate if a certain contact is registered to an email group.
ELQSTATUS
Used to auto-populate forms and validate if a given contact has subscribed to an email group. The cookie is only set if the user allows tracking.
Fr
Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers.
IDE
Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the web site user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user.
Lidc
Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services.
test_cookie
Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies.
UserMatchHistory
Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences.
Social Buttons
On many of the pages of the site you will see 'social buttons'. These enable users to share or bookmark the web pages. There are buttons for: Twitter, Google +1, Facebook 'Like', LinkedIn 'Share', and StumbleUpon. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of WBR. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on WBR's site. So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases these sites will be registering the fact that you are visiting WBR, and the specific pages you are on, even if you don't click on the button if you are logged into their services, like Google and Facebook. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
External Web Services
We use a number of external web services on the WBR site, mostly to display content within our web pages. For example, to display images we often use Flickr; to display slideshows we sometimes use SlideShare; to show videos we use Vimeo and YouTube. This is not an exhaustive or complete list of the services we use, or might use in the future, when embedding content, but these are the most common. As with the social buttons we cannot prevent these sites, or external domains, from collecting information on your usage of this embedded content. If you are not logged in to these external services then they will not know who you are but are likely to gather anonymous usage information e.g. number of views, plays, loads etc.
Email tracking
Some emails that we send you have no tracking in at all e.g. service emails. Other emails we send we put in tracking so that we can tell how much traffic those emails send to our site but we do not know who has clicked so the data is anonymous e.g. our daily newsletter. We use Eloqua as an email service provider:
Eloqua employs cookies in order for its server to recognize a return visitor as a unique user. Cookies are small text files placed in the 'Cookies' folder on a visitor's hard disk and allow Eloqua to remember the visitor. The cookies placed by the Eloqua server are readable only by Eloqua, and cookies cannot access, read or modify any other data on a computer. All web-browsers offer the option to refuse any cookie. If a visitor refuses the Eloqua cookie, Eloqua does not gather any information on that visitor, but doing so will require you to re-enter certain information at each visit, or prevent us from customizing the site's features according to your preferences. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive. Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information. We do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. For more information on Eloqua’s privacy policy: www.eloqua.com/about/privacy/
3. How do I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers:
Google Chrome
Microsoft Edge
Mozilla Firefox
Microsoft Internet Explorer
Opera
Apple Safari
To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer's website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We use cookies and similar technologies to recognize your visits and preferences, as well as to measure the effectiveness of campaigns and analyze traffic.To learn more about cookies, including how to disable them, view our Cookie Policy
Close