http://www.scandvik.com/index.cfm?method=customerservice_legal
Toll Free: 1.800.535.6009   l   Phone: 772.567.2877   l   Fax: 772.567.9113   l
Scandvik, Inc. Legal Disclaimer
Privacy Policy:
You may give us personal information about you, such as your name, your contact email and other contact details on various places on our website. This privacy policy describes how we collect and use your personal information.
How and where we collect personal information:
1. Voluntarily "Opt-in" for our electronic newsletters
2. Customer Registration through Scandvik, Inc. Quote System
3. Customer Registration through Scandvik, Inc. Online Purchase System
How we use your personal information:
The information you give us is absolute safe with us. We will never rent, sell, share or otherwise disclose your personal information to third parties. We might contact you from time to time regarding your purchases or the services (such as close-out sales and promotional offerings) you have subscribed to.
We may also send you promotional announcements from time to time about new products and services that you might find useful.
You may also opt out from receiving information from us at any time and ask us to remove your contact information from our database.
Disclaimers:
All the information on this website is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. We do not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information on our website is strictly at your own risk. and we will not be liable for any losses and damages in connection with the use of our website.
From our website, you can visit other websites by following hyperlinks to these sites. While we strive to provide only links to useful and ethical websites, we have no control over the content and nature of these sites and the links to other websites do not imply a recommendation for all the content found on these sites.
Please be also aware that when you leave our website, other sites may have different privacy policies and terms which are beyond our control.
Terms of Use:
All content, verbage, articles, graphics, photography and media on www.scandvik.com are copyright protected and website visitors may only download one copy of any file for personal use.
Brand Names and Registered Trademarks are all the trademarks are the property of their respective holders.
If you are in need of assistance or further clarification, then please contact Scandvik, Inc.
Customer Support   l   Warranty Information, Ordering Online and Return Guidelines   l   Sign up for Our Newsletter   l   Scandvik Catalogs and Resources   l   Legal Disclaimer© Copyright Scandvik, Inc.. All Rights Reserved 2020.
Website design and Development by Custom Internet & Graphics