http://www.adecco.com/cookie-policy
Back to main page
YouAreHere
Cookie Policy
Cookies Policy for www.adecco.com
Latest Update: 28-03-2020
Adecco Group AG, Bellerivestrasse 30, 8008 Zürich, Switzerland (“Adecco”, “we” or “us”) is committed to providing you
with the best online experience while visiting the adecco.com website (the “Website”). To achieve this, we utilise our
own and standard third-party cookies to obtain data about your online behavior while you are on the Website, and we
also track how often you visit the Website. The information we collect is anonymous and does not identify you as an
individual, unless you provide us with your information by completing in a form, or through another feature offered on
the Website. Where personal information is collected by Adecco, such collection is covered by our Privacy Policy,
available here.
There is an index below, so you can go straight to the bits you want if you prefer.
Index:
What we track
How to manage cookies
Third-party cookies
Cookies used on adecco.com
Changes to this Policy
Contact
What we track
We do not use any intrusive cookies on the Websites to collect your personal information. We use industry
standard third-party cookies such as Google Analytics to track your behavior online and gain statistical
information at an aggregated level in the following ways:
We track the number of visits to the Website, where each visitor came from (i.e. the website you visited
prior to coming to the Website) and where each visitor goes to from the Website (i.e. the website you visit
after leaving ours).
A cookie is stored on your device for no longer than the period defined in the section “Cookies used on
adecco.com” section below which is linked to your IP address. Cookies are small text files that your
web browser stores on your device. This allows us to track whether you return to the Website
How to manage cookies
The first time you visit our Website, you will be displayed with a banner providing you with information
about cookies and linking to this Cookie Policy and informing you that by continuing your navigation you will
accept to the placing of cookies on your terminal.
Unless you have adjusted your browser settings so that it will refuse cookies, our systems will issue cookies
each time you access the Website.
In the Cookie Preference Center, which you can access via this link, you can manage your preferences to allow or refuse the storing of cookies per category.
Do note that if you disable certain categories of cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website or use certain functionality.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the
storing of cookies. This will remove all details from the cookie. However, if you select this setting you may
be unable to access certain parts of the Website or use certain functionality.
Third-party cookies
Throughout your journey on the Website you may also notice content from third parties. We may also offer you
the opportunity to further engage with us and share information with others using social networks such as
Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. This content is added so we can keep you up to date with carefully selected
information that you may find relevant or of interest, however this can result in these third-party providers
storing additional cookies on your device that we have no control over. Consequently, we suggest you check the
websites of any such third parties and their privacy policies for more information about their cookies and how
you can manage them.
Cookies used on adecco.com
Please click on this link to access to this information.
The Website may contain links to third party websites. If you follow a link to any of these third-party
websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy and cookie polices and that we do not accept
any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal
data to these third-party websites.
Please note however that if you choose to access third party sites through adecco.com that the cookies
listed
may not form a comprehensive list.
Changes to this Policy
The terms of this Policy may change from time to time. We shall publish any material changes to this Policy
appropriate notices either on this website or contacting you using other communication channels.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Policy are welcomed and should be addressed press.office@adecco.com.
Share this Page on