http://www.exemplas.com/terms-conditions/
Terms & Conditions
Exemplas Holdings Limited
The following terms and conditions apply to all access to and use of our website (the “Website”). Please read them carefully. We recommend that you print these Terms and Conditions off or save them to your computer so that you have a copy of them for future reference.
Access to and any use of our Website constitutes your agreement to abide by the terms and conditions below, as amended from time to time. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions, please leave the Website immediately.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of all personal information obtained from you during your visits to this Website.  This privacy policy explains what personal information we may collect from you and the purposes for which it will be used. By using this Website you give your agreement to the data practices described in this policy.
The data controller for this Website is:
Exemplas Holdings Ltd, registered in England with company number 2763292, registered office address: College Lane, Hatfield, Herts, AL10 9AB.
When you register and use the Website we collect five different types of information which we use to offer personalised information, to notify you of changes to our service, to ask your opinions and to help us improve our service to you. The types of information and uses are explained below:
Information that you provide to us
We collect and process information that you provide for specific purposes. This may include demographic information such as your name, email addresses, mailing address and telephone number. We use the information to provide you with the specific information, product or services that you request from us and to communicate with you. If you contact us we may keep a record of that correspondence.
You will be asked to provide information about yourself when you use certain site facilities, including the following:
“Contact us” – you will be asked for contact information when you use the contact facility of the Website.
“Download report” – you may be asked for contact information when you select to download report.
Website usage information
We receive and store certain information whenever you interact with us. We collect Website usage information from a number of sources:
Our web server.
URLs passed to us when you enter our site.
“Tags” placed in web pages that send information to us or our processors. Some tags run a small piece of javascript on your machine (see below for more on javascript).
Some information entered by you on forms on the Website. In web usage information where information is entered by a user who has not logged in, truncated postcodes (excluding the last two characters) and telephone area codes may be used to measure regional demographics, but are not traceable back to you.
A selection of Internet service providers.
A selection of search engine companies.
IP addresses.
We collect web usage information during your visits to our site including information on the date, time, page viewed or searched for, publications ordered, guides printed, tools used, subscriptions and referrals made and other information relating to your browsing activity on our Website.
We collect web usage information to help us:
assess the effectiveness of marketing campaigns
develop and deliver services and information that better meet your needs
inform you of events, services and products which we believe to be relevant to you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
IP Addresses
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Javascript
We use javascript, a simple web scripting language, for interaction with users. We also employ it to collect web usage information for the purposes described above.
Disclosure of information
We may disclose information to government bodies and law enforcement agencies for their enforcement purposes. We may also disclose information provided by you to other third parties where this is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, to Exemplas operators and to suppliers that we engage to process your information on our behalf. We will not sell, rent or disclose your information to any third parties other than those set out in this privacy policy without your consent. We do not transfer your personal information outside of the European Economic Area.
Linking to other websites
This Website contains links to many other websites. Anonymous visit or session information may be passed to other websites for the web usage information purposes described above. None of this information can be related to an individual user of the Website. The operators of other sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own data protection policy.
This privacy policy applies only to our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices within any other websites. You should always be aware of this when you leave this Website and we encourage you to read the privacy statement on any other Website that you visit.
1. PARTIES
These Terms and Conditions, and your acceptance thereof, form a contract between us and you (“You”).
2. COPYRIGHT AND TRADE MARKS
The copyright in any material on this Website, and all other product or company names and devices, logos, icons, graphics or designs referred to on this Website are copyright and trade marks of their respective owners and are exhibited only in such a manner as is intended to be for the benefit of such owners and we intend no infringement of such copyright or trade marks. In addition, certain names, words, titles, phrases, logos, icons, graphics or designs on any of the pages of the Website may constitute our unregistered trade marks or trade names. The display of any of the above trade names or trade marks on this Website does not imply that any licence has been granted to You or any other third party in respect of the same. The appearance or absence of products, services, companies, or organisations, or advertising of third parties on this Website does not imply any endorsement or non-endorsement thereof by us. All rights to use any of our trade marks are reserved by us.
3. DISCLAIMER: CONTENT (NO WARRANTY)
The information, materials and functions contained in the Website including text, graphics, links or other items are provided on an “as is” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all warranties, representations and undertakings whatsoever, express or implied, specifically including but not limited to warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from computer viruses, and non-infringement of third parties’ rights. We reserve the right at any time and without notice to change, amend or otherwise vary these Terms and Conditions and the Website. Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information provided on this Website is correct at the time of publishing, no warranty, express or implied, is given as to its accuracy and as far as is permitted by applicable law we do not accept any liability for any error or omission. Any information published on this Website or in any general information update email or newsletter does not constitute specific advice or recommendation in relation to any intellectual property technology or research and you should consult your professional advisors should you require specific advice.
4. YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE
You agree not to attempt to breach any security or privacy mechanisms associated with any part of our Website.
You agree not to use our Website or any part of it to post or transmit any content which is unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene or pornographic.
We reserve the right in our absolute discretion to remove or edit content or materials on our Website or any part of it and we will not be liable to You if we do so.
We will be entitled to terminate or suspend Your use of the Website or any part of it and / or our service for any reason at any time in the event that the You are in breach of any part of these Terms and Conditions.
We refer you to our Privacy Policy for information on how we will collect and use any personal data you provide to us over our Website.
5. DISCLAIMER: LIABILITY
We will not be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential loss or damage whatsoever or for loss of profits, contracts, data, goodwill, work stoppage or computer failure resulting from the use of or inability to use this Website, any interruption or availability of this Website, its operation or transmission, computer viruses or otherwise in respect of the use of the Website and howsoever caused even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages. We exclude any liability for any errors or omissions from information, materials and functions included in this Website except to the extent that such liability may not be lawfully excluded under any applicable law. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all such liability arising from our employees’, partners’ or subcontractors’ negligence.
We are not responsible for nor shall we be liable for the content of other websites or home pages which are linked to this Website. We will have no liability in respect of material hyperlinked to this Website which may be misleading, inaccurate, defamatory, threatening or obscene or otherwise not in accordance with such regulations as may be from time to time in force. The provision by us of a link to another Website from this Website does not constitute any authorisation by us to You to access materials held at that location, nor is it evidence of any endorsement by us of the material held there.
6. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
This privacy policy will change from time to time as we develop the range of services on the Website. When this privacy policy changes, we will place an updated version on this page and where appropriate we will give you the opportunity to review the revised privacy policy and ask you to agree to it. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties. You should continue to check the privacy policy before using this site, even if you have visited it in the past. This ensures that you will be aware of any changes.
7. YOUR RIGHTS
If your use of this site falls under the Data Protection Act as a personal user, you have a right to request a copy of any information held about you. If you wish to do this, please contact us, explaining that your interest is to review your personal information. Except where the law obliges us to keep your data, Exemplas will ensure that your data is gathered and/or purged from our servers.  We will need to receive appropriate identification that proves you are the correct person to request the information.
8. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. You agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. You are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this Website.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE YOU WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO BEING BOUND BY THE FOREGOING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.
If you have any queries please contact us:
By Email: info@exemplas.com
Post: Exemplas Holdings Limited, Titan Court, 3 Bishops Square, Hatfield, AL10 9NE
Contact us
Get in touch
Visit us.
Exemplas Holdings Ltd
Titan Court
3 Bishops Square
Hatfield
Hertfordshire
AL10 9NE
Email us.
info@exemplas.com
Youtube icon
Twitter icon
Linkedin icon