https://www.copa.ca/privacy-statement/
Privacy Statement
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy StatementPLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE AND ANY PAGES THEREOF, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THESE CONDITIONS AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS THIS SITE, OR ANY PAGES THEREOF.
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the Canadian Office Products Association website.
Personal Information
At copa.ca, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information. In general, you can visit copa.ca on the web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name and mailing address. It is our intent to let you know before we collect personal information from you on the Internet.
If you choose to give us personal information via the Internet that we may need to correspond with you, process an order or provide you with information about COPA, for example — it is our intent to let you know how we will use such information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes. We do keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and then we discard it.
Information Security and Quality
We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We have implemented appropriate technical and managerial procedures to maintain information that is accurate, current, and complete. We will make a sincere effort to respond to your requests to correct personal information inaccuracies in a timely manner.
Business Relationships
The copa.ca site contains links to other websites. copa.ca is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Cookies
There are various technologies, including one called “cookies”, which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some copa.ca pages use cookies or other technologies. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
COPA is also in favour of the development of technologies that will let you manage and control the release of your personal information wherever you go on the Internet.
If you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices, you can contact us at info@copa.ca.
This website will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law.