https://www.kitchensolutions.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and ConditionsKitchen Solutions2020-04-14T18:24:28+00:00
Terms and Conditions
Please read through our terms & conditions as by using our website you are agreeing to them, and they form the basis of our agreement when you buy from us.
Kitchen Solutions is a UK Limited Company, 20 Prince Road, Kings Norton Business Centre, Birmingham, B30 3HB Tel 0121 399 0016Company Registration Number: 05153080VAT Registration Number: GB180131545
Making A PurchaseMaking a purchase could not be easier. Whilst browsing our store, add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished browsing, and are happy with your selection, click on ‘Checkout’ and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.
We accept all credit or debit cards except American Express.
You may send your credit card information via phone, fax, or over the Internet.
No charge is made to the customer for credit card payments.
Credit Card SecurityWhen you order from our website all of your information is secured and encrypted so that nobody can snoop on your details. Your credit card details are passed directly over this secure link to our bank without ever being stored on our server.
Conditions of UseAll orders are subject to our full terms and conditions of sale as outlined below. These terms and conditions should be read, and if not understood please call Kitchen Solutions to clarify any questions you might have.
Order AcceptanceAll orders are accepted subject to these terms and conditions of sale.
Kitchen Solutions reserves the right to decline any orders made.
No contract exists between the Buyer and Kitchen Solutions for the sale of any goods until Kitchen Solutions has received and accepted your order and the Kitchen Solutions has received payment in full (cleared funds).
If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be contacted with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait
Kitchen Solutions may change these terms of sale without notice to you in relation to future sales.
Description & Price of GoodsThe description and price of the goods you order will be as shown on Kitchen Solutions website at the time you place your order.
The goods are subject to availability. If on receipt of your order the goods you have ordered are not available in stock, Kitchen Solutions will inform you as soon as possible and refund or re – credit you for any sum that has been paid by you or debited from your credit card for the goods.
We reserve the right to change the prices shown at any time and we will contact you before we confirm your order if there are any changes.
All prices exclude VAT, which will be charged at the prevailing rate.
Goods are not sold on a trial basis. Buyers should check full product descriptions and suitability before ordering. Goods returned without fault, will be subject to a restocking fee of a minimum of 25%.
Any returns must first be agreed with Kitchen Solutions, and the product must be returned in its original packaging, without having been used.
Customers are responsible for returning all goods ensuring that they are packaged suitably and for obtaining proof of delivery and receipt.
Carriage charges for returning any goods to Kitchen Solutions shall be the responsibility of the customer.
Payment / Title of GoodsBy credit or debit card via the website. We also accept bank transfers and cheques.
There will be no delivery until cleared funds are received, with the exception of customers who have a credit account.
For account customers we reserve the right to charge interest at the rate of 1.5% per month or part month thereafter on amounts remaining unpaid after 30 days.
Title of goods shall not pass to the Buyer until full payment has been received. Upon default of payment Kitchen Solutions reserves the right to repossess the goods.
DeliveryOrders over £50 excluding VAT are delivered to mainland U.K. free of charge. Orders under £50 will incur a £4.95 carriage fee. All deliveries outside of mainland U.K are price on application.
We aim to make all deliveries within 5 – 7 working days of the order being placed, however Kitchen Solutions reserves the right to charge any additional delivery costs to areas outside the mainland. Delivery periods and dates are given in good faith, but are not subject of any warranty condition, and time shall not be of the essence of the contract in these respects. No Liability will attach to Kitchen Solutions if delivery period or dates are not met for any reason whatsoever.
For urgent delivery requests call our sales office on 0121 399 0016.
All deliveries are to ground floor doorstep only.
Claims for non-delivery must be via email or post within seven days from date of order.
Acceptance of DeliveryThe Buyer must examine the Goods upon delivery. Please check that the exterior packing is undamaged. You may unpack the Goods to check the delivery is ok. Do not sign the carriers documents unless you are totally satisfied with the delivery. Carriers documents signed for unexamined are not acceptable. Some carriers use computer pads, please check what you are signing for.
Please advise your Goods in Department, or the persons who are likely to receive the delivery of what is expected of the.
In the event of goods being received damaged, you must inform us within 24 hours of receipt of delivery. This must be done via email, or by calling our sales team on 0121 399 0016.
Warranty of GoodsAll goods supplied by Kitchen Solutions are warranted. All products have a minimum 12 months parts and labour and some items carry extended warranties. Please check the items descriptions for details. Some items have a return to manufacturer warranty.
All warranty calls must be placed by calling Kitchen Solutions on 0121 399 0016. A warranty form must be filled out before an engineer can visit. These can be emailed, faxed or posted.
The warranty does not cover defects caused by unsuitable storage conditions or processing, abnormal use, misuse or neglect, or installation by unauthorised or unqualified personnel. If the engineer deems that the call is not covered by the warranty, an invoice will be raised for the call. The buyer will be informed of this as soon as the engineer’s report becomes available. The buyer is responsible for this invoice.
Kitchen Solutions shall not be liable in any way for any loss or expense, profit, suffered by the Buyer arising out of Kitchen Solutions negligence or a breach by Kitchen Solutions of this contract.
Nothing in this clause shall exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Kitchen Solutions.
Kitchen Solutions shall be under no liability in respect of any defect in goods arising from any drawing, design or specification supplied by the customer.
Kitchen Solutions shall be under no liability if the defect or failure, within reason from Kitchen Solutions, arises from wilful damage or misuse, negligence by the customer or third party, failure to follow the manufactures instructions, or alterations or repair to goods without prior notice from Kitchen Solutions.
Access & InstallationThe measurements and dimensions, contained on the website constitute only an approximate guide, and are given in good faith by the manufactures. Please note that dimensions given are for unpackaged items.
The Buyer should check product specifications and suitability before ordering. Please check carefully the dimensions of the equipment and that there is sufficient access for the equipment into your premises.
A Corgi Registered Engineer must install all gas appliances. A competent engineer or electrician must install all other appliances, apart from units arriving with 13amp plug. Always read manufactures installation and maintenance instructions. Failing to do this will invalidate any manufacturers warranty.
Technical AdviceFor any technical advice, no matter how small, please call Kitchen Solutions on 0121 399 0016 or alternatively, email your question to sales@kitchensolutions.co.uk.
Leasing AgreementsAll leasing agreements must be agreed with the specified leasing company’s terms and conditions of lease.
Force MajeureKitchen Solutions shall not be liable to the customer, or deemed to be in breach of any contract with the customer, by reason of any delay in performing, or any failure to perform, any of Kitchen Solutions obligations to the goods. If the delay or failure was due to force majeure or any other cause beyond Kitchen Solutions control.
Copyright Statement
All content on this site, including but not limited to design, graphics, other files, and their selection and arrangement are Copyright © 2020 or are the proprietary property of Kitchen Solutions Ltd. All rights reserved. The Content may not be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form or by any means, in whole or in part, without prior written permission, except that you may download and print content for uses that are not competitive or derogatory, provided that you keep all copyright or other proprietary notices intact.
Please note that this limited consent may be revoked at any time and does not include consent to republish content on any Internet, Intranet or Extranet site or to incorporate the information in any other database or compilation. Any other use of the content is strictly prohibited. You further agree that you will not systematically extract, collect or harvest, through electronic means or otherwise, any data or data fields from this site, including but not limited to customer identities.
LawEnglish law governs the terms and conditions and use of this site and any disputes shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the English courts.
STAY UPDATED
Get all the latest information on new and reconditioned commercial catering equipment, and stainless steel fabrication.
Sign up for the newsletter today
Contact Details
ADDRESS
20 Prince Road, Kings Norton Business Centre, Birmingham, B30 3HB
PHONE
0121 399 0016
EMAIL
sales@kitchensolutions.co.uk
COMPANY INFO
About us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact us
My Account
MAIN CATEGORIES
Fabrication
Cooking
Refrigeration
Beverage
Display and Storage
Warewashing
Grease Management
Reconditioned
Takeaway Kitchens
© Copyright 2020 Kitchen Solutions Ltd
Company No: 05153080
VAT No: GB180131545
OPENING TIMES
Mon - Fri: 8:30AM - 5:00PM
E-commerce website by Distortion
About Us
Fabrication
Shop
Fabrication
Cooking
Refrigeration
Hot Storage
Food Preparation
Display
Beverage
Warewashing
Grease Management
Reconditioned
Takeaway Kitchens
FAQ
Blog
Contact Us
My Account
Cart
Log In
This website uses cookies to improve your experience, but you can opt-out if you wishCookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.