http://www.backtrackcanada.com/privacy_policy.html
Back-Track
INVESTIGATIONS & SPECIAL SERVICES LTD.
HomeCompany InfoAgriculture ComplaintsSpecial ServicesContact Us
Discretion is our Profession
Back-Track Investigations Privacy Policy
Sites covered by this Policy Statement
This Privacy Statement applies to all owned websites and domains, and our wholly owned subsidiaries
Links to non websites
The websites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave the website. Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd’s. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to give to unrelated third parties is not covered by the Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any company before submitting your personal information. Some third-party companies may choose to share their personal data with; that sharing is governed by that third-party company's privacy policy.
Types of information we collect
This Privacy Statement covers personal information, non-personal data collection and aggregate reporting.
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. Uses personal information to understand better your needs and interests and to provide you with better service. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship with Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. We take seriously the trust you place in us. Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others.
On some pages and links at , you can order products or services, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register yourself, or apply for a job at . The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data.
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific personal identity. Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd collects and analyzes non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the website.
Non-personal data we collect may include the pages visited on the websites, unique URLs1 visited within our website, browser type and IP address. Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies.
Children’s Privacy
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests, Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. does not target its website to children under 13.
How we use your information
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. uses your personal information to provide you with services and to help us better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to provide service and support, to update you on services and benefits, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize the Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. website. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding products or services. We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding such communications. You may, at any point, contact us to request an opt-on on future communication. Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. This information is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services, unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases.
Personal data collected online may also be combined with information you provide Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. through other sources such as product registration, call centers or public events such as trade shows or seminars.
Personal data given to Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. may be transferred across state, provincial and/or country borders for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management.
Non-personal data is aggregated for reporting about Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. website usability, performance and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
Who we share your information with
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others, Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. will not share your personal information with third parties except in responding to your requests for products or services. Your permission will be requested when you submit your information. Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. shares customer information across Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. -owned business entities and companies working on our behalf, but only as required to meet your product or service requirements.
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. occasionally may contract with third-party service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions. Suppliers and service providers are required to keep confidential the information received on behalf of Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd .and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd.. These service providers may change or we may contract with additional service providers to better accommodate our customers Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. will not share personal information with any other third parties without your permission, unless required by law enforcement action, subpoena, or local law.
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or some or all of their respective assets could be acquired. If such a combination or acquisition occurs, Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. will make every reasonable effort to notify you in the event we share with the merging or acquiring entity some or all of your personal information to continue serving you.
Your Choices
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product- and service-specific information and Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. -wide marketing communications. YOUR BUSINESS NAME -wide communications may include new product information, special offers, or an invitation to participate in market research. We give you a choice regarding delivery of Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd.-wide communications by postal mail, e-mail and telephone. You can make or change your choices at the data collection point. We will make every effort to honour your preferences. This option does not apply to communications for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings or driver updates.
Your information and third-party companies Certain Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. services are linked with those from unrelated third-party companies, some which offer you the option to share with both Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. and the third party personal data you provide. We will not share your personal information with those third-party companies unless you make that choice.
Access to and accuracy of your information
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology, management processes and policies to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you with access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to change your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd.’s websites may limit access to specific individuals through the use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
Keeping your information secure
Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us. This security measure is working when you see either the symbol of an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser) on the bottom of your browser window.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes. As part of real-time payment processing, Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. subscribes to a fraud management service. This service gives you and Back-Track Investigation & Special Services Ltd. an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud to protect your financial data.
Contacting us
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to ryan@betterbusinessmarketinggroup.com.
This privacy statement applies to Canada
Menu
Home
Company Info
Civil & Domestic
Consumer Complaints
Corporate & Criminal
Surveillance/equipment
Agriculture Complaints
Special Services
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Professional, discreet private investigative services, tailored to our clients' needs and budgets.
Nation Wide Investigations
(306) 384 - 1400
Saskatoon, SaskatchewanToll Free: 1-866-882-4779 Email: info@backtrackcanada.com
1st Hour of Consultation is Free!
© BACK-TRACK Investigations & Special Services Ltd. - Privacy Policy
Another Saskatoon Web Design by M.R. Website Development Studio
We Accept