http://www.cascadeng.com/privacy-information
Skip to main content
Privacy Information Page
Cascade Engineering cares about protecting the privacy of individuals who visit the Cascade Engineering web site for information, products and services. This policy explains how we at Cascade Engineering ensure the responsible use and protection of any personally identifiable information that we receive online.
Scope of Privacy Policy/Links
This Privacy Policy applies only to this site. Although this site may provide you with links to other web sites, those web sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Collecting Information
When you visit the Cascade Engineering site, we may collect and store information about your visit using “cookie” technology. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your hard drive. Cookies may tell us the time and length of your visit, the pages you look at on our site, and the site you visited just before coming to ours. We may also record the name of your Internet service provider. This information allows us to measure site activity and to tailor information to suit your individual preferences. The goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit.
Submitting Resumes
We may use this site to post job openings. We encourage you to submit your resume via e-mail to be considered for potential employment opportunities. If you submit a resume to us, you will of course be disclosing personally identifiable information you have included in your resume. We may use and circulate this information internally as necessary to consider your application and to contact you regarding our employment process. We may also use this information from time to time to inform you of other employment opportunities that may be of interest to you. Please contact us as specified in the Contact Us section if you no longer wish to receive such information or be considered for employment opportunities.
Ensuring Data Security
Any personally identifiable information that Cascade Engineering maintains is stored in password-protected, secure environments that can be accessed only by authorized personnel. Cascade Engineering instructs all personnel who handle personally identifiable information to use appropriate privacy and security precautions when processing this information. Although we take reasonable steps to protect personally identifiable information you provide via this site from loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration, no system is 100% secure or error-free. Therefore, we do not guarantee the security or accuracy of the information we collect via this site, and you acknowledge that you are assuming this risk in transmitting any information to us. Cascade Engineering will share information with government agencies as required by federal law.
Copyright Notice
The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files and their arrangement on the Cascade Engineering web site are all subject to copyright and other intellectual property protection. These objects may not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor may these objects be modified or reposted to other sites. The Cascade Engineering web site also contains images that are subject to the copyright rights of their providers.
Trademark Notice
Unless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on the Cascade Engineering web site are subject to the trademark rights of The Cascade Engineering Family of Companies or its strategic partners, including corporate names, logos, brand names and brand logos.
Licensing Notice
It is important that The Cascade Engineering Family of Companies and its strategic partners protect their intellectual property, including their patents, trademarks and copyrights, therefore no license to The Cascade Engineering Family of Companies or its strategic partners intellectual property has been granted by this web site.
Changing the Privacy Policy
Cascade Engineering reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.
Cascade Engineering understands the importance of personal privacy online. You take online privacy seriously, and so does Cascade Engineering. It is our way of sustaining your trust in Cascade Engineering and our products and services. If you have comments or questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
By using this Site, you acknowledge that you have reviewed, and agree to, the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Your comments, suggestions and questions regarding this website are welcome. Please contact the webmaster.
Contact us directly:
Name *
Email *
Message *
93218435154313513
To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty.
Submit