http://www.homelite.com/privacy-policy
Homelite - Site Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 10, 2020Homelite Consumer Products, Inc. (“Company” or “we” or “our” or “us”) respects your privacy.  As detailed further below, this policy applies to this site or app (collectively “Services”) and is intended for our customers and visitors from the United States, Canada, and Mexico.  Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you may not use our Services. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to this privacy policy.What information do we collect about you?What are our sources of information?How do we use your information?When and how do we disclose your information?How do we secure your information?How long do we retain your information?What are your choices about how we use and disclose your information?How do you remove or correct your personal information?What is excluded from this policy?Will this privacy policy change?How to contact us?What information do we collect about you and how we collect it?We collect several types of information from and about you either:  (i) directly from you when you provide it to us; (ii) from our systems, such as the date and time you create your account; and (iii) from third parties that provide analytics and other marketing services.  In the last twelve (12) months, we have collected the following information about you through our Services:
Categories of Personal Information
Sources of such Personal Information
Business Purpose for such Personal Information
Categories of Third Parties with whom information is shared
Contact information and other personal identifiers including name; registration ID; home, billing and shipping address; email; phone number and fax number.
Collected from you directly through the Services, and as otherwise described in “What are our sources for this information?” below.
We use such information to provide you with information related to our Services; to provide you with information or services that you request from us; to register and maintain your account; to personalize our Services for you; to send you marketing communications about our goods and services; to operate, evaluate, or improve the Services and our business and our affiliates’ businesses and to process job applications that you submit to us.
We share such information with our affiliates, service providers and advertising partners.
Online identifiers such as cookie information, IP address, operating system, avatar and social media account information.
Collected from you directly through your use of our Services, and from our partners who collect the information from you directly when you visit our partners’ sites or use their services, and as otherwise described in “What are our sources for this information?” below.
We use such information to personalize our Services for you; to send you marketing communications about our goods and services; to operate, evaluate, or improve the Services and our business and our affiliates’ businesses; and to deliver targeted advertising about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We share such information with our service providers and advertising partners.
Internet activity including browsing history such as the amount of time you spend on our Services and the websites you visited before or after you used our Services; search history; and information regarding your interaction with our Services, websites, applications or advertisements.
Collected from you directly through your use of our Services, and from our partners who collect the information from you directly when you visit our partners’ sites or use their services, and as otherwise described in “What are our sources for this information?” below.
We use such information to provide you with our Services; to register and maintain your account; to personalize our Services for you; to send you marketing communications about our goods and services; to operate, evaluate, or improve the Services and our business and our affiliates’ businesses; and to deliver targeted advertising about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We share such information with our service providers and advertising partners.
Demographic information including gender, age, height, weight, nationality, national origin, race or ethnic origin, sexual orientation, date of birth, citizenship status, marital status, language preference and income.
Collected from you directly through your use of our Services, and as otherwise described in “What are our sources for this information?” below.
We use such information to to deliver targeted advertising about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We share such information with our service providers and advertising partners.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Collected from you directly through your use of our Services, and from our partners who collect the information from you directly when you visit our partners’ sites or use their services, and as otherwise described in “What are our sources for this information?” below.
We use such information to provide you with information related to our Services; to provide you with information or services that you request from us; to maintain your account; to personalize our Services for you; to send you marketing communications about our goods and services; to operate, evaluate, or improve the Services and our business and our affiliates’ businesses and to deliver targeted advertising about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We share such information with our affiliates, service providers and advertising partners.
Geolocation data, such as your actual physical location using various technologies to determine location, including IP address.
Collected from you directly through your use of our Services, and as otherwise described in “What are our sources for this information?” below.
We use such information to provide you with information related to our Services; to provide you with information or services that you request from us; to maintain your account; to personalize our Services for you; to send you marketing communications about our goods and services; to operate, evaluate, or improve the Services and our business and our affiliates’ businesses and to deliver targeted advertising about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We share such information with our affiliates, service providers and advertising partners.
Content you submit to us such as such as videos, photos, tools and other project-related materials, and sweepstakes entries.
Collected from you directly when you use our Services.
We use such information to provide you with information related to our Services; to register and maintain your account; to provide you with information or services that you request from us; to maintain your account and to personalize our Services for you.
We share such information with our affiliates and service providers.
Professional or employment-related information and other education information.
Collected from you directly when you apply for a job with us.
We use such information to process job applications that you submit to us.
We share such information with our affiliates and service providers.
Inferences drawn from other personal information for profiling purposes, including predispositions, behavior, attitude, abilities and aptitude.
Collected from you directly through your use of our Services, and from our partners who collect the information from you directly when you visit our partners’ sites or use their services, and as otherwise described in “What are our sources for this information?” below.
We use such information to provide you with information related to our Services; to provide you with information or services that you request from us; to register and maintain your account; to personalize our Services for you; to send you marketing communications about our goods and services; to operate, evaluate, or improve the Services and our business and our affiliates’ businesses; to process job applications that you submit to us and to deliver targeted advertising about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We share such information with our affiliates, service providers and advertising partners.
As used in this privacy policy, “personal information” is information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal information does not include (i) information that is lawfully made available from federal, state or local government records, (ii) de-identified or aggregated data or (iii) information excluded from the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).What are our sources for this information?As discussed above, we collect this information: (i) directly from you when you provide it to us; (ii) from our systems, such as the date and time you create your account; and (iii) from third parties that provide analytics and other marketing services, such as,Google Analytics,CMS statistics,Facebook,Mailchimp,Bazaarvoice,Pricespider,TV Squared,Twinesocial, andOther third parties, from time to timeWe may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect from you. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.For the purpose of enabling better design and a better user experience, we employ Google Analytics (a web service by Google, Inc.) to track site traffic and provide aggregate reports of how the public interacts with our Services. Session cookies are employed by Google Analytics in the form of client-side JavaScript code. In utilizing this analytics service, Company maintains its existing standards in regards to the sharing and disclosure of information, security and privacy safeguards for the data, and the data retention policy, each described below. Google Analytics analyzes website usage information automatically upon visits to the our Services. Users who do not wish to have their visit information collected by Google Analytics may opt-out by downloading a browser extension or by disabling cookies in their browser settings. Opting-out of web measurements will still permit users to access the full Services, with all included information and functionality.How do you collect data automatically?Like many websites, we typically use a variety of tools to collect data automatically, including cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, and embedded scripts:Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Services.Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Services may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Services. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.Web Beacons. Our Services may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, web bugs, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics.Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.How do we use your information?In addition to the purposes set forth in the above chart, we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information as described herein:To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information.To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us (including our Terms of Use), including for billing and fulfillment.As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Services and other technology assets, and business.For internal research for technological development and demonstration and to improve, upgrade or enhance our Services.Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.In emergency situations to protect the personal safety of us, our users, or the public.To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.Company may aggregate or deidentify any personal data that we collect in connection with our services, such that the information is no longer personally identifiable or attributable to you. Company may use such aggregated information for our own legitimate business purposes without restriction.When and how do we disclose your information?Company has disclosed and/or sold personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding 12 months in accordance with the chart above. Company does not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business or commercial purpose:Personal identifiers.Personal information covered by the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Commercial information.Internet or other similar network activity.Location data.Sensory data.Inferences drawn from other personal information.See the above chart for more information regarding each category. We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.How do we sell your information?Company may sell your personal information to a third party, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales if you reside in certain jurisdictions (see What are your choices about how we use and disclose your information and how do you opt-out?, California Privacy Rights, and Nevada Privacy Rights).In the preceding twelve (12) months, Company has “sold” (as defined under CCPA) the following categories of personal information:Personal identifiers.Personal information covered by the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.Commercial information.Internet or other similar network activity.Location data.Inferences drawn from other personal information.See the above chart for more information regarding each category.How do we secure your information?We have undertaken and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts, using various administrative, physical and technical measures designed to prevent unauthorized access to user data retained in our servers. We use no encryption (data scrambling) on certain portions of the Services, but use encryption on portions where you are transmitting financial information, such as credit card information,Due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online. Keep in mind there is no such thing as perfect security.How long do we retain your information?We will retain your information for as long as your account or inquiry is active or as needed to provide you with the Services and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements.Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize or aggregate your personal information. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties.What are your choices about how we use and disclose your information and how do you opt-out?At the time when you provide personal information to us, or when you register for an account to use the Services, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding your use of the Services. However, we strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website.
If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Services may then be inaccessible or not function properly. Cookie-based opt-outs are NOT effective on many mobile devices. However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.
Please note that not all tracking will stop even if you delete cookies.
Targeted Advertising.
Even if you opt-out of cookies, we may work with third parties, to use non-personal information to delivery targeted advertisements to you based upon your online activities and other information.
The online advertising industry provides a service through which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from certain data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can learn more here http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 (or If you would like additional information about online tracking and various opt-out mechanisms, please see http://donottrack.us/ )
In addition, we use Google AdWords, so we are advertising the Site online through a form of tracking called remarketing, Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on various sites across the Internet, and use cookies to serve you ads based on your past visits to this Site.
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin . Alternatively, you can opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. See http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Please note that by opting out, you will continue to see generic advertising that is not tailored to your specific interests and activities. To be clear, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted out on your device browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device.
Email Communications.
If you do not want to receive emails from us regarding special offers or about our products and services, you can unsubscribe from this service using the unsubscribe option provided in the email or contact us at 1-877-708-3856.
We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.
Even if you opt out of marketing emails, we will still send you emails regarding your products if you registered your product, such as warranty and safety information, and emails in response to your communications to us or related to the purpose for which you supplied us with your email address.
We are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or your consent. Please note that if you opt out in this manner, certain aspects of the Services may no longer be available to you.
Do Not Track. We do not track you over time and movement across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore we do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
How do you remove or correct your personal information?You may change or remove personal information stored in your account by logging into your account and modifying the information.  If you wish to have us delete your personal information that you have provided to us, you may contact us using the information in the How to contact us?  section. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement.California Privacy RightsIf you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides you with specific rights regarding your personal information. This section describes the rights that California residents have and explains how to exercise those rights.1. Right to know about personal information collected, disclosed or soldYou have the right to request that Company disclose to you what information it collected, used, disclosed, and sold over the past 12 months. Once we receive a verifiable request from you, and subject to certain limitations that we described below, you have the right to request any or all of the following:The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).2. Right to request deletionYou also have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you which we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions. However, we may retain personal information that has been de-identified or aggregated. Furthermore, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) in order to perform certain actions set forth under CCPA, such as detecting security incidents and protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity.Exercising access and deletion rightTo exercise the access and deletion rights described above, please submit a request to us by visiting us at https://www.homelite.com/consumer-data-privacy-request and completing the required information on the designated webform or by contacting us toll-free at 1-877-708-3856 and a customer service representative will be happy to assist you. Please note our CUSTOMER SERVICE HOURS are as follows: MONDAY – FRIDAY 9AM – 6PM (EST).Please note for your protection, any request sent to Company to delete your personal information will be subject to a verification procedure.  If you make your request via the webform https://www.homelite.com/consumer-data-privacy-request, you will need to provide the required information as indicated with a RED asterisk “*” (e.g., Requestor Type, First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Country, State and Request Details) on the webform, prior to the request being processed.  This same information will be required for verification purposes for any requests you make by phone at 1-877-708-3856 as well.  We reserve the right to deny your request if we cannot verify your identity.  Where we deny your request in whole or in part, we will endeavor to inform you of the denial, provide an explanation of our actions, and provide the reasons for the denial. We will respond to consumer requests in a reasonably timely manner. If we require extra time to respond, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request (and will not be made more than twice in a 12-month period).Also, please note you may designate an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your rights on your behalf.  Your authorized agent must be able to provide to Company written proof of your authorization to make the request on your behalf and he/she must provide your information for verification purposes:  Requestor Type, First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Country, State and Request Details.  This request can be made via the webform https://www.homelite.com/consumer-data-privacy-request or by phone at 1-877-708-3856.   For your protection, we reserve the right to deny any request from an agent who does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.  We also reserve the right to require you to provide your information for verification purposes.  In the event you have authorized your agent via Power of Attorney, then he/she must provide a copy of the Power of Attorney for review and approval, if approved then your designated agent may proceed on your behalf without any further requirements other than providing verification information via the webform or by phone at 1-877-708-3856 as outlined above.3. Right to Sales opt-outYou have the right to direct Company to not sell (as defined in CCPA) your information (“right to opt-out” or “opt-out request”). To exercise this right to opt-out of the sale of personal information, please click here:Do Not Sell My Personal InformationAlternatively, you may submit an opt-out request by contacting us toll-free at 1-877-708-3856 and a customer service representative will be happy to assist you.  Please note our CUSTOMER SERVICE HOURS are as follows: MONDAY – FRIDAY 9AM – 6PM (EST).Please note for your protection, any request sent to Company to not sell your personal information will be subject to a verification procedure.  If you make your request via the webform https://www.homelite.com/consumer-do-not-sell, you will need to provide the required information as indicated with a RED asterisk “*” (e.g., Requestor Type, First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Country, State and Request Details) on the webform, prior to the request being processed.  This same information will be required for verification purposes for any requests you make by phone at 1-877-708-3856 as well.  We reserve the right to deny your request if we cannot verify your identity.  Where we deny your request in whole or in part, we will endeavor to inform you of the denial, provide an explanation of our actions, and provide the reasons for the denial. We will respond to consumer requests in a reasonably timely manner. If we require extra time to respond, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request (and will not be made more than twice in a 12-month period).Also, please note you may designate an authorized agent to make a request to exercise your rights on your behalf.  Your authorized agent must be able to provide to Company written proof of your authorization to make the request on your behalf and he/she must provide your information for verification purposes:  Requestor Type, First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Country, State and Request Details.  This request can be made via the webform https://www.homelite.com/consumer-do-not-sell or by phone at 1-877-708-3856.   For your protection, we reserve the right to deny any request from an agent who does not submit proof that they have been authorized to act on your behalf.  We also reserve the right to require you to provide your information for verification purposes.  In the event you have authorized your agent via Power of Attorney, then he/she must provide a copy of the Power of Attorney for review and approval, if approved then your designated agent may proceed on your behalf without any further requirements other than providing verification information via the webform or by phone at 1-877-708-3856 as outlined above.Non-Discrimination:  Company shall not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA rights including:  (i) denying you goods or services; (ii) charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (iii) providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (iv) suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate of goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.California “Shine the Light”Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light”), California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of personal information, such as name, email address and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us by phone at 1-877-708-3856 or contact us using the contact information in the How to contact us? section below. If you do not want your personal information shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt out of such disclosures by contacting us at 1-877-708-3856 or contact us using the contact information in the How to contact us? section below.Nevada Privacy RightsIf you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to request that we do not sell (as defined by N.R.S. 603A) certain personal information that we have collected, or may collect, from you.  If you would like to make such a request you may do so by visiting us at https://www.homelite.com/consumer-do-not-sell or by contacting us toll-free at 1-877-708-3856 and a customer service representative will be happy to assist you.  Please note our CUSTOMER SERVICE HOURS are as follows: MONDAY – FRIDAY 9AM – 6PM (EST).What is excluded from this policy?This policy does NOT apply to the following:
Any other websites, apps or services provided by us, our affiliates or clients, unless it appears on such website, app or service.
Information collected offline or through third parties.
Our Services may contain links to websites owned by other companies. We do not control or endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites or third parties to whom you may link from our website. This policy is not intended to describe data handling procedures for information collected by other linked websites or business partners.
When you use some applications or post on a social networking service, the personal information and content you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them.
This visible content may include your name, email address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the third party platform or social media account user files, like photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or “likes.”
You are responsible for the personal information you choose to share or submit in these instances.
Check the social media service for a description on how social media services and other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, and whether you can modify your privacy settings.
Children Under the Age of 13.
Our Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age.
If you are under 13, do not use our Services or provide any information to or through our Services.
No one under age 13 should provide any personal information to or through any of the Services.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the contact information in the How to contact us? section below.
Users Outside of the U.S.
If you live outside the United States and Canada and Mexico (including but not limited to, the European Economic Area), please find our Services through our sister Websites in various countries. For a list of our foreign sites, see https://www.ttigroup.com/global-sites/. If you are situated outside the United States and provide us with personal information through our U.S. Services, such information will be handled in accordance with this policy. THE SITES ARE GOVERNED BY AND OPERATED IN ACCORDANCE WITH UNITED STATES LAW. BY USING OUR SERVICES OR GIVING US YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, YOU ARE DIRECTLY TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OTHER INFORMATION TO US IN THE UNITED STATES WHERE OUR CENTRAL DATABASE OPERATES.
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE UNITED STATES MAY NOT HAVE THE SAME LEVEL OF DATA PROTECTION AS YOUR JURISDICTION AND YOU AGREE AND EXPLICITLY CONSENT TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION BEING COLLECTED, PROCESSED AND TRANSFERRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND SUBJECT TO UNITED STATES LAWS. You are solely responsible for compliance with any data protection or privacy obligations in your jurisdiction when you use the Services or provide us with personal information.
Regardless of where we transfer your information, we still protect your information in the manner described in this policy.
Will this privacy policy change?The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. This privacy policy may change from time-to-time.  It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our privacy policy to check for any changes.How to contact us?To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:Homelite Consumer Products, Inc.Attention: LEGAL DEPARTMENT Re:  Privacy Policy and Practice 100 Innovation Way Anderson, South Carolina 29621