http://www.prca.org.uk/about-us/terms-and-conditions-website-use
Skip to main content
MATCHMAKER
×
Looking for a Public Relations Agency? Use our Free matching service to find the right agency for you.
Matchmaker Homepage
What is Matchmaker?
Matchmaker Agencies
Matchmaker Application
Case Studies
Agency area
Client area
Ideas Bank
Consultancy Advisors
Freelancer Portal
Procurement Guide
Testimonials
User login
Login
×
Username *
Password *
Request new password
Create an Account
Forgot Password
Terms and Conditions of Website Use
Home / About Us
1.Introduction
Welcome to PRCA
This page tells you the terms on which you may use our website www.prca.org.uk whether as registered user or guest. Please read carefully before use.
By using the site, you accept the terms and agree to obey them. If you don't accept them, please don't use the site.
2.Who We Are
www.prca.org.uk is operated by Public Relations and Communications Association (PRCA) a UK Limited company registered in England under company number 00965517
Some important details about us:
Our registered office is at: 82 Great Suffolk Street, London SE1 0BE
Our trading office is at: 82 Great Suffolk Street, London SE1 0BE
Our VAT number is: 23947492S
3.Use of the Site
You have permission for temporary use of the site, but we can withdraw or change our service at any time without telling you and without being legally responsible to you.
You must treat all identification codes, passwords and other security information as confidential. If we think you have failed to keep confidentiality, we are allowed to disable any security information (including your passwords and codes).
If you allow anyone else to use our site, you must make sure that they read these terms first, and that they follow them.
Only use the site as allowed by law and these terms. If you don't, we may suspend your usage, or stop it completely.
We frequently update the site and make changes to it, but we don't have to do this, and material on the site may be out-of-date. No material on the site is intended to contain advice, and you shouldn't rely on it. We exclude all legal responsibility and costs for reliance placed on the site by anyone.
We follow our privacy policy in handling information about you. You can read our policy on the website.
By using the site, you agree to us handling this information and confirm that data you provide is accurate.
If you order goods or services (training and events) from us through the site, your order will take place under the terms and conditions listed in the final section.
4.Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights in the site (for example the copyright and any rights in the designs) and in any of the material posted on it. They are protected by copyright.
You are allowed to print one copy and download extracts of any page on the site for your personal reference, but not for commercial use without a licence from us. You must not alter anything, or use any illustrations, video, audio or photographs separately from the text that goes with them.
If you breach these terms, you lose your right to use our site, and must destroy or return any copies you have made.
5.Our Legal Responsibility to You
We do not guarantee the accuracy of material on our site. As far as legally possible, we exclude legal responsibility for the following:
Any loss to you arising from use of our site
Loss of income, profit, business, data, contracts, goodwill or savings.
We also exclude, as far as legally possible, all terms and warranties or promises implied by law or by statutes.
We don't exclude legal responsibility for death or personal injury owing to our negligence, or legal responsibility for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for anything else where exclusion is not allowed by the law.
6.Uploading to our Site
Material that you upload will be regarded as non-confidential and not owned. This means that we can copy it, distribute it, and show it to other people for any purpose. You agree that if anyone else claims to own the material, or says that it breaches their rights, we can give them your identity.
We won't be legally responsible to anybody for the accuracy of material that you upload to the site, and we can remove it at any time if we think it doesn't follow our acceptable use policy.
7.Computer Offences
If you do anything which is a criminal offence under a law called the Computer Misuse Act 1990, your right to use the site will end straightaway. We will report you to the relevant authorities and give them your identity.
Examples of computer misuse include introducing viruses, worms, Trojans and other technologically harmful or damaging material.
You mustn't try to get access to our site or server or any connected database or make any 'attack' on the site. We won't be legally responsible to you for any damage from viruses or other harmful material that you pick up via our site.
8.Links to Our Site
You are allowed to make a legal link to our website's homepage from your website if the content on your site meets the standards of our acceptable use policy. We can end this permission at any time.
You mustn't suggest any endorsement by us or association with us unless we agree in writing.
9.Links From Our Site
Links from our site to other sites are only for information. We don't accept responsibility for other sites or any loss you suffer from using them.
10.Variation
We change these terms from time to time and you must check them for changes because they are binding on you.
11.Applicable Law
The Parties will use their best efforts to negotiate in good faith and settle any dispute that may arise out of or relate to this Agreement or any breach of it. The English courts have the only right to hear claims related to our site, and all disputes are governed by English law.
12.Contact Us
Please email us at policy@prca.org.uk to contact us about any issues.
13.Training Terms and Conditions
Cancellation Terms. PRCA does not offer any refunds on training courses booked, only a transfer (of the same cost value) is eligible.
Transfer Policy. One transfer to another course is permitted per place booked, 3 days or more before the course without incurring a fee (the course must be of the same cost value). For any cancellation or transfer request made thereafter a charge of £50+vat (per person, per course) will be incurred. A fee of £50+vat will be charged to delegates who fail to attended training sesions to which they are registered. All transfer requests should be made in writing to training@prca.org.uk during office hours (09:00 - 18:00). In the meantime, if you have any queries please email training@prca.org.uk or phone on 020 7233 6026.
Bespoke Training Transfer Policy. Due to the care and extra work that trainers devote to tailored bespoke courses there is a fee incurred from any last minute cancellation or date change requests for Bespoke Training . PRCA must be notified within 7 working days before the session is due to commence.  For any cancellation or date change request made thereafter, a charge of £500+vat (per bespoke course) will be incurred. All transfer requests should be made in writing to training@prca.org.uk during office hours (09:00 - 18:00). In the meantime, if you have any queries please email training@prca.org.uk or phone on 020 7233 6026.
Unlimited Offer Cancellation Terms. Should a delegate sign to a PRCA webinar as part of any unlimited offer but then not attend, the delegate will be charged £50+vat no show fee. PRCA will only transfer a session if told 48 hours before the course is due to commence.
Transfer Procedure. All transfer requests should be made in writing to training@prca.org.uk during office hours (09:00 - 18:00). In the meantime, if you have any queries please email training@prca.org.uk or phone on 020 7233 6026.
Join the PRCA
Why not join the PRCA and start enjoying all of its associated benefits.
Join Now
Register For Newsletters
If you want to keep up to date on news, events and training please register and sign up to the relevant newsletters.
Register