http://www.industrialmachines.net/about/privacy.aspx
Buy
Sell
My Account
About Us
IM RSS
Home
Browse Categories
Agricultural / Forestry
Commercial Vehicles
Complete Plants / Lines
Construction
Factory Utilities
Food & Beverage
Foundry / Forging
Glass
Lifting Equipment
Machine Tools
Measuring / Inspection
Medical, Veterinary & Dental
Miscellaneous
Packaging & Processing
Plastics
Power Generation
Printing
Recycling
Robotics
Rubber
Sheet Metal / Fabrication
Stone/Mineral Processing
Structural Steel Processing
Surface & Heat Treatment
Textiles
Welding
Woodworking
Latest Machines
Auctions
Sell Your Machine
Login
Menu
Login
Home
Browse Categories
Latest Machines
Auctions
Sell Your Machine
My Account
About Us
IM RSS
Home Page > About > Privacy
About Us
About Us
Why Advertise
Legal & Copyright
Terms of Use
Privacy
Privacy Statement
Who We Are
At IndustialMachines.net Ltd we are dedicated to preserving the trust and confidence of the visitors to our website; and our advertisers. We will never sell, trade or rent Your contact information with any other business for the purpose of marketing. Within this Privacy Policy we will provide You with details on when and why we collect Your personal information, how we will use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others and how we will keep it secure. The collection of Personal Data will always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our Trading and Correspondence address is at: 5 Arden Court, 1 Arden Road, Alcester, Warwickshire, B49 6HN, United Kingdom
Data Collection
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to collect Your Data by means that are:
Fair
Legal
Transparent
If You visit IndustrialMachines.net's web-site , Your web-browser automatically discloses, and IndustrialMachines.net's web-server automatically logs, the following information:
The date and time
The IP address from which You issued the request
The type of browser and operating system You are using
The URL of any page that referred You to the page
The URL You requested, and whether Your request was successful
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify You.
Any additional Personal Data that You provide, e.g. in a web-form , may also be logged via our database and/or in the form of an email notification.
Name
Company Name
Telephone Number
Your Location (Country Your Company resides in)
Email Address
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify You.
Any additional data that Your web-browser automatically provides may also be logged. This will be the case, for example, if Your browser has previously been requested to store data on Your computer in 'Cookies' (further details provided below) and submits them each time You request a web-page within a domain (such as IndustrialMachines.net).
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify You.
In general, You can You browse our website without providing us with any personal information. We use various products (namely Google Analytics and Addthis.com) to collect and analyse traffic to our website, to better understand our visitors; and to offer insight in how we can continually improve. We only collect anonymous statistics, and therefore we do not tie a specific IP address to a specific visit.
You will be required to provide Personal Data in the event that You wish to contact a Seller regarding equipment which is advertised, either via the ‘Contact the Seller’ form; our ‘Wanted’ form to send Your request to a group of Sellers registered under a certain Trade, the ‘Contact Us’ form in which You can make direct contact with IndustrialMachines.net; and registering to receive our Newsletter and/or Instant Machinery Notifications (further information regarding this provided below).
Subject to the qualifications immediately below, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to collect Your Data from You and not from other parties. This undertaking is qualified as follows:
Where IndustrialMachines.net reasonably considers that the protection of its financial interests requires that it gather Your Data from other sources, or from additional sources. This applies in particular where IndustrialMachines.net has a lending exposure to You, and seeks information about Your creditworthiness
Where IndustrialMachines.net collects Your Data from sources other than You, it undertakes:
To do so only by legal means; and
To declare to You what sources it uses, and under what circumstances.
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to declare the purpose of collection in a manner which is clear and meaningful.
Cookies
Cookies are usually small text files, given ID tags that are stored on Your computer's browser directory or program data subfolders. Cookies are created when You use Your browser to visit a website that uses Cookies, to keep track of Your movements within the site, help You resume where You left off, remember Your registered login, theme selection, preferences, and other customisation functions. The website can store a corresponding file (with the same ID tag) to the one they set in Your browser, and in this file, they can track and keep information on Your movements within the site and any information You may have voluntarily given; while visiting the website; such as an email address.
Cookies are often indispensable for websites that have huge databases, need logins, have customisable themes or other advanced features.
Cookies usually don't contain much information except for the URL of the website that created the Cookie, the duration of the Cookie's abilities and effects, and a random number. Due to the little amount of information a Cookie contains, it usually cannot be used to reveal Your identity or personally identifying information.
Standard Uses for Browser Cookies
Website servers set Cookies to help authenticate the user, if the user logs in to a secure area of the website. Login information is stored in a Cookie, so the user can enter and leave the website without having to re-enter the same authentication information over and over.
Session Cookies are also used by the server to store information about user page activities, so users can easily pick up where they left off on the server's pages. By default, web pages really don't have any 'memory'. Cookies tell the server what pages to show the user, so the user doesn't have to remember or start navigating the site all over again. Cookies act as a sort of “bookmark” within the site.
Cookies are NOT viruses. Cookies use a plain text format. They are not compiled pieces of code, so they cannot be executed nor are they self-executing. Accordingly, they cannot make copies of themselves and spread to other networks to execute and replicate again. Since they cannot perform these functions, they fall outside the standard virus definition.
References:
AllAboutCookies.org - http://www.allaboutcookies.org
Mailing List (Newsletter)
As part of the registration process in order to receive our monthly e-newsletter, we collect Personal Data including Email Address, First Name, Surname (Last Name) and Country. Additional information which can be provided is Company Name and if You are a Dealer (Reseller), however these fields are optional.
We store this data securely within our database and we never sell, rent or trade our email lists with any other organisation. We will use Your email address for the purpose of sending You our e-newsletter/s which You have requested to receive. You can opt out or update Your preferences of future mailings at any time, by using the ‘Unsubscribe’ link provided on the e-newsletter, within Your Subscription Management Centre; or by using our ‘Contact’ form via the website. We gather statistics in relation to clicks and email opening, using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve (where possible).
From time to time in addition to our e-newsletters, we work alongside other companies (our Advertisers and Auction companies) and will market equipment on their behalf to our database. Equipment advertised will be relevant to the industries which You have selected as related to Your business. At no point will external companies have access to our database and/or email lists, and all emails are sent from IndustrialMachines.net directly. Our company logo and text stating we are associated with the email will be present, so You can be assured of the data handling.
Instant Machines Notifications
As part of the registration process in order to receive our Instant Machine Notifications, we collect Personal Data including Email Address, First Name, Surname (Last Name) and Country. Additional information which can be provided is Company Name, however this field is optional.
A period in which You are notified can be selected which is either 30, 60, 90 or 120 days. At any point during the notification period the preferences can be updated, or You can unsubscribe via the Subscription Management Centre; or the notification email.
The Email Address and ‘Categories of Interest’ are stored securely within our database for review/report purposes only. Once the notification period selected has lapsed, data is automatically removed from the Reports page. Similarly, if an unsubscribe request is made prior to the notification period ending, the data will be removed automatically.
Seller Account Registration
For companies who are interested to advertise their products with us on IndustrialMachines.net, Personal Data for the purposes of account set up, and potential future billing is required. There is a two-step registration process which is provided via a web form.
The information provided at the first stage will include:
Company Type
First Name
Last Name (Surname)
Company Name
Location (Country the Company Resides in)
Telephone
Website (Optional)
Email Address
IP Address & Date/Time of Registration (will be provided to us within the email notifications automatically)
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify You.
At the second stage, further data will be required including:
Address Line 1
Address Line 2 (Optional)
Address Line 3 (Optional)
City / Town
Postcode / Zip
Fax (Optional)
VAT Number (EU Only) (Optional at registration – will be required if account is upgraded to Paid Member status)
This data may or may not be sufficient to identify You.
This information is stored securely within our database and is used solely for the purpose of Billing for advertising/using our services; and also, to provide legitimacy to Buyers when they have expressed interest in any of the equipment which is advertised. It is also used for the purpose of identifying each of our Advertisers, so that we may provide a personal service. Upon sending an enquiry via the website, potential Buyers will receive an email confirming the enquiry details, including the Seller’s contact information. The Personal Data provided in this notification includes: Company Name, Contact Name, Telephone and Email Address. No further details are provided by IndustrialMachines.net to potential Buyers, without express permission from the Seller in question.
Data can be updated at any given time, either directly within the Sellers Account, or a request can be made to IndustrialMachines.net to action this. Any changes will be reflected in the notification email which a potential Buyer receives automatically.
At any time, we can provide information upon request as to what Personal Data we hold. In addition, data can be erased upon request, subject to ensuring that the removal of such data will not cause a detrimental effect on IndustrialMachines.net; namely, if such data is present in our ‘Ban List’, which is in place to prevent abusive behaviour being carried out (further information provided below).
In the event You request to cancel Your account, unless otherwise expressly requested the account will be marked as ‘Disabled’ and data will be archived. The reason for this is so that if in the future a request to advertise is made again, You will not be required to fill out the registration form again. The account can be reinstated quickly. Access to account data is not permitted unless the account is reinstated. For review/archive purposes only, Personal Data which is displayed within the database is Company ID (assigned by IndustrialMachines.net), Company Name and Telephone.
Links to Other Websites
Our website contains links to other websites, with which we have no control; and cannot be held responsible for the protection, and privacy of information that You provide; while visiting those sites. External websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy; and if You require further information as to how these sites use Your Data, You will need to refer to each website’s own privacy statement.
Ban List / Blocked Data
At IndustrialMachines.net certain guidelines are set out for using our platform, whether it be for advertising; or contacting our Sellers/Advertisers for the purpose of intent to purchase equipment. These Terms are set out in our Terms of Use.
Should any User act in a way we feel is abusive, harmful or inappropriate, we will without prior notice, add Your Data to our Ban List. Data which may be included is as follows:
Name
Company Name
Telephone
Email Address
Website
IP Address
If You are an Advertiser, it will also result in the account being deleted from the website; and any associated adverts. The Ban List is in place to ensure that abusive behaviour will not be carried out which could otherwise cause offense, or be detrimental to the operation of IndustrialMachines.net. Data within the Ban List will be retained for as long as we deem necessary, which may be indefinite.
Date Security
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to store Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorised access, alteration or deletion. Access to the database is via a secure login, which only key employees are privy to.
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to transmit Your Data in a manner that ensures security against unauthorised access, alteration or deletion, at a level appropriate with its sensitivity. Access to the database is via a secure login, which only key employees are privy to.
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to implement appropriate measures to ensure security of Your Data against inappropriate behaviour by IndustrialMachines.net's staff-members and contractors. These include:
Training for staff in relation to privacy
Access Control – To limit access to Your Data to those staff and contractors who have legitimate reasons to access it
Reminders to staff and contractors from time to time about the importance of data privacy, and the consequences of inappropriate behaviour
Declaration of appropriately strong sanctions that are to be applied in the event of inappropriate behaviour
Clear communication of policies and sanctions
Data Use
Use refers to the application of Your Data by any part of IndustrialMachines.net, or any staff-member or contractor of IndustrialMachines.net in the course of their work. IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to use Your Data only for:
The purposes for which it was collected
Such other purpose as are subsequently agreed between IndustrialMachines.net and You
Such additional purposes as may be required by law . In these circumstances, IndustrialMachines.net will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the use has occurred, unless it is precluded from doing so by law; and
Such additional purposes as are unauthorised by law (in particular to protect IndustrialMachines.net's interests, e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfil Your undertakings to IndustrialMachines.net or have committed a breach of the criminal law)
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to use Your Data only if it has demonstrable relevance to the particular use to which it is being put.
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to use Your Data in such a manner as to take into account the possibility that it is not of sufficient quality for the purpose , e.g. because it is inaccurate, out-of-date, incomplete, or out-of-context.
Data Disclosure
Disclosure refers to making Your Data available to any party other than IndustrialMachines.net and You. The term disclosure may include many different conditions of data transfer, including sharing and giving. IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to disclose Your Data only under the following circumstances:
In the course of business being conducted between You and IndustrialMachines.net, where disclosure is necessary to a contractor, such as a transport company. Where Your Data is disclosed in this way, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to ensure the contractor’s actions are compliant with these Terms
In other circumstances that are directly implied by the purpose agreed between You and IndustrialMachines.net at the time of data collection or subsequently. Where Your Data is disclosed in this way, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to ensure the contractor’s actions are compliant with these Terms
With Your consent, or at Your request
Where required by law, such as a provision of a statute, or a court order such as a search warrant or subpoena. In these circumstances, IndustrialMachines.net will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that the disclosure has occurred, unless it is precluded from doing so by law
Where permitted by law (e.g. the reporting of suspected breach of the criminal law to a law enforcement agency; and in an emergency, where IndustrialMachines.net believes on reasonable grounds that the disclosure of Your Data will materially assist in the protection of the life of health of some person), provided that IndustrialMachines.net will apply due diligence to ensure that the exercise of the permission is justifiable
In all cases, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to disclose only such of Your Data as is necessary in the particular circumstances.
Data Retention and Destruction
Subject to the qualifications immediately below, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes:
To retain Your Data only as long as is consistent with its purpose; and
To destroy Your Data when its purpose has expired, and to do so in such a manner that Your Data is not subsequently capable of being recovered
This undertaking is qualified as follows:
Your Data may be retained in IndustrialMachines.net's logs, backups and audit trails within short-term retention cycles that are devised to protect the company's operations. In such cases, Your Data will be destroyed in accordance with those cycles
Your Data if present in our Ban List (as detailed above) will be retained for as long as IndusralMachines.net deem necessary, which may be indefinite.
Your Data when an account is marked as ‘Disabled’ will be retained indefinitely for the purpose of archiving (as detailed above); unless a request is made to remove the data, upon which it will be destroyed.
Your Data for the purpose of review/reference will be retained in the form of email notifications once generated (Machine Enquiry, Newsletter Registration, Blocked Enquiries, Wanted Advert, Blocked Wanted Advert, Acceptance of Free Trial / Paid Deal, Potential/New Member Requests, Direct Message (Contact Form).
Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if that is required by law, such as a provision of a statute, or a court order such as a search warrant, or a warning by a law enforcement agency that delivery of a court order is imminent. In these circumstances, IndustrialMachines.net:
• Will take any reasonable steps available to it to communicate to You that Your Data is being retained, unless it is precluded from doing so by law; and
• Will only retain Your Data while that provision is current, and will then destroy Your Data
Your Data may be retained beyond the expiry of its purpose if it is authorised by law (in particular to protect IndustrialMachines.net's interests, e.g. if it believes on reasonable grounds that You have failed to fulfil Your undertakings to IndustrialMachines.net or have committed a breach of the criminal law). In these circumstances, IndustrialMachines.net will only retain Your Data while that situation is current, and will then destroy Your Data
Access by You to Your Personal Data
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to provide You with access to Your Data, subject to only such conditions and processes as are reasonable in the circumstances. In particular, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to enable access:
Conveniently
Without unreasonable delay; and
Without cost
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to establish and operate identity authentication protections for access to Your Data that are appropriate to its sensitivity, but practical.
You can have access to the following information:
The purpose of processing
The Personal Data concerned
The recipients to whom the Personal Data have or will be disclosed
The right to request rectification or erasure of Personal Data (subject to such data being removed will not create a potential adverse effect to the operation of IndustrialMachines.net (as detailed above (namely the Ban List))
Where Personal Data is not collected from You, any available information as to the source (e.g. for the protection of IndustrialMachines.net’s financial interests)
In the event that You dispute some aspect of Your Data, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to take reasonable steps in relation to the amendment, supplementation or deletion of Your Data.
You undertake:
Not to seek access for frivolous purposes, or unreasonably frequently;
To accept that deletion of some data may not be consistent with the provision of particular services by IndustrialMachines.net to You
Information About Data Handling Practices
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to make information available to You about the manner in which IndustrialMachines.net handles Your data:
In general terms, in a readily accessible manner; and
In more specific terms, on request
Where Your Data is disclosed to a contractor, IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to make information available to You on request about the manner in which IndustrialMachines.net's contractors handle Your data.
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes to ensure that the information provided is meaningful, and addresses Your concerns.
You undertake:
Not to seek such information for frivolous purposes, or unreasonably frequently; and
To accept that the disclosure of excessive detail may harm the security of Your Data and IndustrialMachines.net's business processes, and may harm IndustrialMachines.net's commercial interests
Handling of Enquiries, General Concerns and Complaints
If You have enquiries, general concerns, or complaints about these Terms, or about how IndustrialMachines.net handles Your Data:
To communicate them in the first instance:
To IndustrialMachines.net only
In sufficient detail
Through a channel made available by IndustrialMachines.net for that purpose (Contact Form / Direct Email, Postal Address, Telephone)
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes:
To provide one or more channels for communications to IndustrialMachines.net, which are convenient to users (highlighted above)
To promptly provide acknowledgement of the receipt of communications, including the provision of a copy of the communication and the date and time it was registered
To promptly provide a response to the communication, in an appropriate and meaningful manner
You further undertake to not pursue IndustrialMachines.net through any Regulator or the media (including Social Media):
Until and unless IndustrialMachines.net has had a reasonable opportunity to respond to the initial communication; and
while IndustrialMachines.net and You remain conducting a meaningful dialogue about the matter
Enforcement
IndustrialMachines.net declares that its undertakings in these Terms are intended to create legal obligations , and that those obligations are intended to be enforceable under appropriate laws in appropriate jurisdictions. These include laws relating to data protection, privacy, fair trading, corporations and criminal laws.
You undertake to seek enforcement only in a jurisdiction that is relevant to the transactions that have taken place between You and IndustrialMachines.net, in particular the jurisdiction in which You live or in which You performed the relevant acts, and the jurisdiction in which IndustrialMachines.net is domiciled or performed the relevant acts.
If You wish to discover the relevant laws in any particular jurisdiction, IndustrialMachines.net draws Your attention to the following resources:
WorldLII Privacy Links
Compilation of [U.S.] State and Federal Privacy Laws, Privacy Journal, Providence RI
Privacy Law Sourcebook 2004, EPIC, Washington DC
The Australian Privacy Foundation's pages:
International Instruments Relating to Privacy Law
Privacy Laws of Countries of the World
Privacy Laws of the Commonwealth of Australia
Privacy Laws of the States and Territories of Australia
Privacy International
Changes to These Privacy Undertakings
IndustrialMachines.net undertakes:
Not to materially change these Terms in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data
To take all possible steps to prevent any company that acquires this company or any of its relevant assets from materially changing the Terms applicable to Your Data in a manner that reduces the protections for Your Data;
Where it is considering making changes to these Terms, or creating more specific Terms relating to specific services, to make the updated policy readily available at any time via IndustrialMachines.net.;
To maintain all prior versions of these Terms in such a manner that they are dated, and readily accessible.
Definitions
IndustrialMachines.net means IndustrialMachines.net Limited including www.IndustrialMachines.net
Your Data / Personal Data means data that is capable of being associated with You, whether or not it includes an explicit identifier such as Your Name or Email Address. In particular it encompasses all data that IndustrialMachines.net is capable of correlating with You, using such means as server-logs and cookie-contents.
Your Data does not refer to data that can no longer be associated with You. This includes aggregated data that does not and cannot identify the individuals whose data are included in the aggregation.
Consent means Your concurrence with an action to be taken by IndustrialMachines.net. Consent may be express or implicit, but in either case must be informed and freely-given.
Sitemap
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
FAQ
How to Buy
How to Sell
Links Exchange
Copyright © 2020 Industrialmachines.net. All rights reserved.
Join Our
Mailing List!
Our Monthly Trade Updates contain a selection of the latest equipment that is advertised for sale, from within the industrial trade/s you select; and from time to time, industry-based auction projects.