http://www.ansonindustries.com/privacy-policy/
Anson Industries Inc. and related subsidiaries
PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy is very important to Anson Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries, Anning-Johnson Company and Restec Contractors Inc. (collectively “Anson”).  We are committed to protecting the information you provide to us.  If you have any questions or you feel we have not addressed your concerns, please feel free to contact us.
What Information We Collect About You and How we Use It.
Information Provided Directly to Us. Anson collects personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide when you provide feedback through our website’s information submission functions (such as the application forms on our Careers pages and the feedback form our Contact page) or by other means (such as by e-mail, telephone or regular mail).  We will use this personally identifiable information for the purposes provided, such as to evaluate you for a position or to respond to your questions or suggestions made when you contact us, and may use this information to contact you.
Website Usage Tracking.  In order to ensure that our website is as useful as possible, Anson may also collect and retain details concerning visits to the website.  The purpose of such collection is to analyze details about our website users’ activities so that we can track the number of visits to our site, how many times each page is accessed, the paths visitors take to access various pages and other usage details.  Whenever you access our website, our servers document the pages visited, partners’ websites visited and certain information about your computer, including your IP (Internet Protocol) address, operating system, web browser information and screen resolution.  Each time you access the Internet, your computer is automatically assigned an IP address by your ISP (Internet Service Provider) or network.  When you visit pages on any Anson website, our servers record your IP address in a log.  These logs are then used for system administration (such as site usage reporting and analysis) so we can constantly improve the content we provide.  We will not use your IP address or website usage information for marketing purposes.
Cookies.  A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of a computer. The web server, in turn, uses this information to present a visitor with custom web pages, session tracking, etc. The cookie identifies the web browser—not the visitor—so that the stored information can be sent back to the server when the browser requests a page from the server. A cookie will not let a website know any personally identifiable information such as a real name and address. We do not use cookies to collect or preserve visitor information in the general public portion of our Website. We reserve the right to use cookies as necessary to meet the needs of our website visitors.
Activity Tracking Across Multiple Websites.  We do not collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.  We do not allow third parties to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our website.
Marketing Communications.  We may send mailings or e-mails advertising our services to people who provide their personal contact information to us.  Each such mailing or e-mail (other than one-time mailings) will include simple instructions should you decide not to receive mailings or e-mail from us.  If at any time you request to be removed from our mailing list, no further mailings or e-mails will be sent to you once your request for removal has been processed.
No Third-Party Marketing.  Other than disclosing information you provide to us to enroll in a partner program, or to utilize the resources of service providers, we do not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties or engage in any marketing with third parties that involves the disclosure of your personally identifiable information.  Occasionally, we may send summary data pertaining to all of our website users to third parties in order to enhance our website or services, but the summary information does not include any information that can personally be traced to you.
Our Obligations.  Anson may be required by law to disclose personally identifiable information you have provided to us.  Anson may also disclose personally identifiable information pertaining to someone who poses a threat to Anson’s interests (such as fraudulent member activities) or whose activities could harm others.
Other Uses of personally identifiable information.  Should Anson have a need to use your personally identifiable information for a purpose other than those stated here, we will request your permission before doing so.
How You Can Control and Update Your Information
Should your e-mail address change, of if you would like to review, amend or correct other information in our files, you can e-mail us at webmaster@ansonindustries.com or call us at (708) 681-1300 and ask to speak with someone from our marketing department.
How We Protect the Security of Your Information.
Anson employs security protocols to protect electronic and paper-based data collection, transmission, distribution and storage.  In the future, Anson may incorporate new technologies as they evolve to ensure a reasonable level of protection at all times.
Links to Other Sites.
Anson websites may provide hyperlinks to third parties’ websites that provide additional services and information.  Anson’s privacy policy cannot and does not apply to external websites.  Once you depart an Anson website you are subject to the third party’s privacy policies and procedures.  Because Anson has no control over third parties, you should consult each website’s privacy policy before providing any personally identifiable information.  However, we invite you to contact us if you have concerns about privacy policies of sites linked on an Anson website.
This policy is effective September 21, 2017.  Anson reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by the posting of a modified version on its website and/or sending the modified version to users affected by the changes.
Anson websites are intended for use only by U.S. residents 18 years of age or older.
Anson reserves the right to transfer personally identifiable information to a buyer in connection with a sale of all or a portion of its business, a merger or any other transaction resulting in a change of control of Anson or any of its subsidiaries.  Of course, that buyer will have to honor the promises of privacy that we have made to you.
Atlanta
Chicago
Las Vegas
Northern California
Portland
Seattle
Southern California
Washington DC
© 2019 Anson Industries | Restec | Contact | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Sitemap | Web Design by The Ocean Agency.