http://www.holden.com.au/websitetermsofuse
terms of use
Skip to Main Content
OWNERS
DISCOVER HOLDEN
SEARCH
More
OWNERS
DISCOVER HOLDEN
SEARCH
Back to More
Website Terms of Use
1. General
You should read these Terms and Conditions of Use carefully.
In these Terms and Conditions of Use:
(i) "We", "Our" or "Us" means GM Holden Pty Ltd (ACN 006 893 232); and (ii) "You" or "Your" means the person who accepts these Terms and Conditions of Use.
By accessing or otherwise using Our websites, You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use and You acknowledge that Holden provides its websites to You subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use.
Any personal information We collect about You via Our websites, will only be used and disclosed by Holden in accordance with Our Privacy Policy (www.holden.com.au/privacypolicy).
You may contact Holden at holdencustomercare@gm.com or on 1800 033 349 if You have any queries about these Terms and Conditions of Use or to provide Us with any information or to discuss any of the services We offer.
2. Intellectual property rights
Holden owns copyright and other intellectual property rights in the content of its websites. Our websites are protected under the copyright laws of Australia and other countries.
You may access and display these pages on a computer or a monitor, and print out for Your own personal or internal business use any page or part of any page of Holden's websites. However, no part of Holden's websites may be reproduced without Our express written permission. Holden shall enforce its rights concerning its websites in the event of any interference, infringement or contravention of Holden's rights, title or interests in any aspect of its website. Unless otherwise specified, no person has permission to download, display, post, record, "mirror", duplicate, copy, retransmit, redistribute, commercially exploit, reproduce, republish or otherwise use in a way which will infringe Our intellectual property rights any part or aspect of its websites in any form, or any information found at its websites, by any means whatsoever, whether by electronic, mechanical, recording, photocopying, photographic means or otherwise.
The symbols ® and TM designate Australian registered trade-marks and unregistered trade-marks respectively. Holden and its parent company, General Motors Company ("GMC"), have additional trade-marks and service marks, registered and unregistered, in other countries. Nothing on Holden's websites shall be construed as conferring any license under any of Holden's or GMC's or any other person's intellectual property rights, whether expressly, by interference, by implication, or otherwise. Materials may not be copied or re-broadcast or redistributed or disseminated in any way without the prior written permission of the copyright owner of that material.
3. Disclaimer
Holden is entitled, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, amend, add or remove any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use and to change, modify, amend, add or delete any features of its websites at any time without notice.
Your continued use of Holden's websites after the Terms and Conditions of Use have been varied, constitutes Your acknowledgment that You accept the changes to the Terms and Conditions of Use and that You agree to be bound by the varied Terms and Conditions of Use.
Subject to the provisions of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth) or similar applicable legislation which cannot be excluded or limited by Holden, Holden's websites are provided without any representation, warranty or condition, express or implied. Holden's websites are intended as general information only and are not complete or definitive. Holden does not provide any warranty as to the completeness or accuracy of the information on Holden's websites. Holden is not liable and does not take any responsibility whatsoever for reliance on such information.
Holden's websites may contain links to other websites maintained by other organisations. Holden has no affiliation with those websites, does not endorse any material on those websites, is not responsible for the privacy practices of those websites, and does not provide any warranty, or assume any responsibility, regarding the quality, accuracy, source, merchantability, fitness for purpose or any other aspect of the material on those websites.
4. Limitation of liability
Except to the extent that liability may not lawfully be excluded, You agree that Holden shall not be liable to You (or any of Your officers, agents or employees) for any direct or indirect loss, damage, harm, liability, cost, expense or injury (including without limitation consequential loss or damage, loss of profit or anticipated profit, loss of data, loss of use, damage to goodwill and loss due to delay) however caused (including without limitation due to breach of contract, negligence and/or breach of statute) which may be suffered or incurred or which may arise from or in connection with Your use of Holden's websites (including without limitation accessing, copying or downloading any part of Holden's websites' content), or Your use of or reliance on any of the information, services and/or materials contained in Holden's websites or provided by Holden's websites to You, or Our negligence or Our breach of Our obligations under these Terms and Conditions of Use.
You agree to indemnify, and You hold Holden absolutely harmless from, and You covenant not to take any action against Holden for, any claims associated with the use of Holden's websites.
5. Your security
Holden's websites use a security device known as a Secure Socket Layer ("SSL"). This conforms to international standards and ensures that information passed to and from our websites cannot be viewed in transit. We strongly recommend You use this feature. You can tell if You are using the SSL by the appearance of a small padlock in the bottom status bar or on Your browser. The address in Your browser should start with https:// and not the usual http://. We do not represent or warrant that Holden's websites and any other information or material contained in, downloaded or accessible from such websites, is free from computer viruses (including macro viruses) or any other defect or error which may affect Your software or systems. You should protect Your software and systems by installing and implementing Your own security checks and systems.
6. Cookies
Holden's websites use a feature of Your Internet browser called a "cookie" to manage security and store report parameter information. If Your browser does not support cookies, or You have disabled this functionality, You may be unable to use Our websites.
7. Governing Law
The law of Victoria governs these Terms and Conditions of Use, and You and We submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Victoria and the Federal Court of Australia.
|