https://www.flowline.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Flowline understands that privacy is very important. We will not share any personal information with third parties unless we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request; enforce applicable terms and conditions including investigation of potential violations thereof; detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues or; protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Flowline, its users or the public as required or permitted by law. This Privacy Policy applies to the website and related services offered by Flowline. We restrict access to personal information to Flowline employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services, and are bound by confidentiality obligations. Most services do not require user registration or the provision of any personal information. But to access all services, and to continuously improve our quality, we may collect and use certain information. When you sign up for a Flowline service that requires registration, we ask you for personal information such as your name, email address and account password. When you send an email or other communications to Flowline, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. Flowline only processes personal information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case Flowline may not be able to provide those services to you. When you visit the Flowline website, we send one or more cookies to your computer that identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our services, search results and advertising, and track user search trends. Our servers record the information that your browser sends which may include such information as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request. Cookies are small harmless files that contain a string of characters. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Flowline features or services may not function properly when cookies are disabled.
10500 Humbolt Street
Los Alamitos, CA 90720 USA
562.598.3015 p
562.431.8507 f
level.solution@flowline.com
LEVEL TOOLS
TOOLS
Level Map
WebCal Software
Level Questionnaire
Chemical Compatibility
Dielectric Constant
Terms Glossary
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Find Distributor
Technical Support
Data Sheets & Manuals
News NEWS
LEVEL NEWS
New Radar and Ultrasonic Level Sensor Location Video
Serving Our Level Customers, Shipping Products, Always
Happy New Year From Your Level Friends at Flowline
Level Best Flowline enables industrial manufacturers, chemical distributors, municipalities and energy or food providers to safely and efficiently manage their contained liquid and solid assets. Our quality solutions measure tank inventories, automate tank processes, ensure workplace safety and protect the environment. We design, manufacture and market the best level measurement and control instruments for your chemical, water, wastewater, oil and dry solid applications.
Copyright Flowline All Rights Reserved © 2016 | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
Contact Us
How can we help you?
Send