https://www.ariensco.com/fineprint/privacy
Privacy Policy
Last Modified: April 21, 2020
INTRODUCTION
At AriensCo ("Ariens," "we," "our," or "us") we believe that managing your privacy is important, regardless of the season. Similar to how we craft our products, we have carefully crafted this online privacy policy (this "Policy") to explain to you how we use, disclose and otherwise interact with information we collect from you. We respect your privacy and are committed to managing it through our compliance with this Policy.
The purpose of this Policy is to describe the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide to us when you access, use, or download any website (including without limitation ariens.com, ariensco.com, gravely.com, arienscompanydealer.com, whyzeroturn.com, locketurf.com, greatdanemowers.com, nationalmower.com, parkersweeper.com, and sno-tek.net) (the "Sites") or mobile application (including without limitation the Ariens & Gravely mobile application) (the "Apps") that links to, references, or displays this Policy, or otherwise provide information to us as described in this Policy (collectively, the "Services").
This Policy does not apply to any information collection on: (a) websites or mobile applications that do not link to this Policy, (b) our Careers website, which has its own Privacy Policy available here, or (c) Ariens' international websites, including ariens.co.uk
In addition to this Policy, any use of the Sites and Apps is also subject to our Terms of Use available here. Please read this Policy and the Terms of Use carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will use it. By accessing, using, or submitting information to or through the Services or to us, you agree to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. If you do not agree with this Policy and/or our Terms of Use, your choice is to not use the Services and not to submit information to us. This Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the Services is deemed to be acceptance of such changes.
ARIEN'S DATA COLLECTION
Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us. We may collect personal and other information about you when you voluntarily provide it to us, including on or through the Services. For example, when you (a) decide to create an account, (b) purchase a product, (c) sign up for news updates, (d) sign up for an event, (e) fill out online surveys or respond to marketing initiatives, contests, events or promotions, (f) provide information in fillable forms or fields, (g) request information about us or the Services, whether via email or other electronic means, (h) submit product reviews, or (i) provide us information at a trade show, marketing event, webinar, or any other in-person or online event, you may be asked to provide information (including personal information) including your name, postal address, billing or shipping address, email address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, location, preferences, payment method, or any other identifier by which you may be identified online or offline.
In addition, if you make a debit or credit payment online, our third party payment service providers (our "Payment Providers"), including, for example, Authorize.net or CyberSource, may take your payment information on our behalf and process it. Our Payment Providers may provide information back to us to confirm your purchase, allow us to fulfill your order, and for other purposes outlined in this Policy. We encourage you to visit the privacy policies of our Payment Providers to understand their privacy practices, which may differ from ours.
Information You Provide Through Other Means. We may also collect, obtain, or supplement information about you (including personal information) from sources other than you, including publicly available sources like social networking sites, forums, and blogs, other users of our products and services, our affiliates, and our business partners and service providers.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services . When you use or interact with our Services, we may use a variety of technologies that collect information automatically, including cookies, web beacons, flash cookies, and logging. Those technologies may collect, among other things, your IP address, location, device type, date and time of visit, operating system, and browser type, as well as what webpage you visit immediately prior to or after visiting the Services and your activities on the Services. If you are using the Apps, or interacting with the Services on a mobile device, additional information may be collected, including your mobile device's unique device ID and information about how you use the Services. The information may also be collected or received by or shared with third party vendors who assist us with these activities. We use this information to, for example, help make the Services more useful and appealing to you and to better understand our users.
Cookies. We think it is important that you understand cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your browser when you access a website, including the Services. We and the third parties described below may use session cookies. A session cookie is available only during the course of the browser session; the information is not sent to or stored on a computer's hard drive. Closing the browser or logging off will invalidate the session cookie. We and the third parties described below may also use machine cookies, which do remain on a computer hard drive and gather information, sometimes over time and across sites. You can find more information about your choices regarding cookies under the heading "YOUR CHOICES ABOUT OUR COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE."
Web Beacons. "Web beacons" or "tracking pixels" are electronic images, tags or scripts that allow a website to access cookies and among other things, help track general usage patterns of visitors to a website. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information, such as cookies, time and date of a page view and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. We and the third parties described below may use web beacons to compile information regarding your use of the Services.
THIRD PARTY DATA COLLECTION
We contract with third parties, including Sprout Social, Cision Ltd, MailChimp, Wayin, Hootsuite, social media platforms, and Google to assist us with marketing (including distributing e-mails on our behalf), analytics, payment, social, mobile apps, and other business purposes. These third parties may use third party cookies, or other methods or technologies like website scripting, pixels or action tags to collect information about you when you visit the Services or interact with emails. We use the information collected by third parties for a variety of purposes, including to learn which online advertisements attracted you, to improve our content, products, and services, to inform groups of users about relevant products and services, and to help us analyze the Services and the effectiveness of our marketing. The use of your information by such third parties is governed by each third party's privacy policy. There is additional information about third party data collection and targeted advertising in the section entitled "Online Behavioral (Targeted) Advertising," below.
Information from Emails. As noted above, we collect information on our email campaigns from our third party service providers, including whether you have read an email sent by us or on our behalf, forwarded an email, and when and how many times you have opened an email. We may use this information to improve our marketing, to understand our audience, and to improve the Services and our products and services. If you wish to opt-out of receiving emails from us, please see the "Opt-out" section, below.
Information from Third Party Analytics . We also use third party analytics on the Services, such as those provided by Google Analytics, to, for example, enable us to continually improve on the content we offer to you, for systems administration purposes, to evaluate your use of the Services, to compile reports on activity, to analyze performance metrics, and to collect and evaluate other information related to the Services. Some of our analytics can be used to track users over time, for geo-location purposes, and across third party websites.
Information from Social Media Platforms . We contract with or otherwise use third parties to gather and analyze data from social media platforms, including, for example, Facebook®, LinkedIn®, Instagram®, Pinterest®, YouTube®; and Twitter®;. We use these third parties to help us understand your interaction between social media and our Services. One of the ways we obtain information is through web beacons or pixels.
Performance of the Services. We also use third party services to track information about the performance of the Services. The third party services collect aggregated data from visits to the Services to help troubleshoot any problems with performance, such as errors in code or page load times. We use this information to optimize your experience with the Services.
Online Behavioral (Targeted) Advertising . Online behavioral advertising is used to deliver advertisements that are catered to your interests (or "targeted" to you) based on your browsing history. We may engage third parties to display ads on our behalf on the Internet, including, for example, Google, and those third parties may use information about you to provide you with our ads. We may also engage our service providers to track and report performance of advertising and marketing campaigns to and from us.
DATA INTEGRATION
While the information that we and our third party service providers collect automatically does not normally contain personal information, we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect from you or that we receive from third parties. This helps us to, among other things: (a) estimate our audience size and usage patterns; (b) store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Services according to your individual interests; (c) speed up your searches; (d) recognize you when you return to the Services; (e) improve the Services and any products and services we offer through the Services; and (f) improve our marketing efforts.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
Use of Information Collected Automatically. We use information we collect automatically, which typically does not identify you, for various internal business purposes, including those described in this Policy. However, we may use information we collect automatically from your use of the Services that is not personal information and other information we collect or obtain that is otherwise de-identified, aggregated, or anonymous, for any purpose.
Uses of Personal Information. We may use your personal information:
To respond to any request you have made, including for information, products, and/or services;
For our marketing efforts, including to keep you informed about existing and new products and services;
To confirm and complete transactions requested by you;
To provide you with customer support;
To resolve problems and disputes with the Services;
To improve the Services, and our products and services offered through the Services;
To protect the security and integrity of the Services;
To monitor compliance with and enforce this Policy and our Terms of Use and any other applicable agreements and policies;
If necessary, to notify you about changes to the Services any products or services we offer or provide through them;
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information;
To fulfill any other purposes for which you provide it, or offer your consent; and
As generally permitted under applicable law.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information, including your personal information:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To our subcontractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and the Services, including our purchasing processors, maintenance providers, and marketing partners;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of or during a merger, divestiture, restructuring, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Ariens' assets or equity, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Ariens is among the assets transferred;
For any other purposes disclosed by us when you provide the information or with your consent.
We may also share your personal information to comply with any court order or legal obligation, including responding to any lawful government or regulatory request, or if we believe disclosure is necessary to enforce or protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of our users or third parties.
YOUR CHOICES ABOUT OUR COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE
We strive to provide you with information and choices regarding the information you provide to us and that we collect, including:
Cookies. If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse some cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Services may then be inaccessible or may not function properly. Information on deleting or controlling cookies can be found at www.aboutcookies.org.
Google Analytics. To opt out of Google Analytics, please click here.
E-mail Opt-Out. You may opt-out of receiving future communications from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email from us (or sent on our behalf).
Accessing and Correcting Personal Information . If you have an account on the Services and wish to review and/or update your personal information, please log into the Services and visit your account profile page to make any desired changes.
Google Ads and Online Behavioral Advertising . We use a number of Google services to assist us with advertising. To learn more about Google's practices with regard to data collection, and to manage Google Ads, click here. You can also opt out of online behavioral advertising from certain ads on third party websites by visiting youradchoices.com. Furthermore, certain of our ads on third party websites may display an advertising options icon that you can click to learn about your choices. This icon will only appear on certain platforms. Keep in mind that these opt-outs work using cookies, so if you delete your cookies, then you will need to opt out again. Also, as you use different devices or browsers, you will need to opt out on each browser and device, individually. You can also help limit the amount of online and mobile advertising that you can receive by opting out of advertising from Network Advertising Initiative member companies at networkadvertising.org/choices.
EXTERNAL WEBSITES
Third Party Links. Our Services may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy policies or content on those websites, and any links to third party websites do not imply an affiliation between Ariens and the website owner, or any endorsement, approval or verification of any content contained on those websites. Privacy policies on third party websites and mobile applications may be different from our privacy policy. You access such links at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a website or mobile application before disclosing any of your information.
Social Media. If you use any functionality of the Services allowing you interact with social media platforms (for example, Facebook®, Twitter®, Instagram®, Pinterest®, and LinkedIn®) or otherwise interact with us on social media, generally, then please be aware that: (a) we may display your email address and/or social media handle (e.g. username) to other users; (b) we may use information you provide about yourself or other users to facilitate communications; and (c) we may collect information about interactions with us and receive information from social media platforms about you, including as described in the section entitled "THIRD PARTY DATA COLLECTION." Please note that any content you post to social media platforms is subject to the data handling practices of each social media platform, as described in their respective terms of use and privacy policy, which we encourage you to read before posting content.
DO NOT TRACK
The Sites do not respond to "do not track" requests. All traffic is treated as equal and processed the same. If you desire to have your browsing be private, we suggest that you use your web browser's private or incognito function, or similar options.
NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of the Services that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marking purposes.  To make such a request, please complete the following form:
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
The Services are not intended for anyone under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, without parental consent, we will delete that information and otherwise comply with the requirements of any applicable law including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at privacy@ariensco.com.
SECURITY
We strive to use reasonable means to secure your personal information while you are using the Services. However, please keep in mind that the transmission of information over the Internet and on mobile platforms is not always secure, which means we cannot and do not guarantee the security or confidentiality of any personal information your provide to us. Given this reality, your use of the Services, and your decision to provide personal information to us, is at your own risk.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
The United States, European Union, and other countries and locales all have different privacy laws. When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your personal information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. Personal information that is submitted to the Services may be transferred to the United States (or other countries), and by submitting information to or through the Services, you agree and consent to any such transfer of information. We encourage individuals in the European Union (and European Economic Area) to call us at the number in the "CONTACT US" section, prior to submitting information on or through the Services and/or purchasing products or services from us.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
The effective date of this Policy is the date next to the words "Last Modified" at the top of this Policy. We may update this Policy at any time, in our sole discretion, if we make material changes to the way we handle your personal information, or if material changes are necessary due to law. Our most current Policy will always be posted at www.ariens.com, and at any other link you clicked on to reach this Policy. Any changes we make to this Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the updated Policy. As such, we encourage you to review this Policy regularly. Your continued use of the Services after we make changes will constitute your acceptance of any such changes.
CONTACT US
To ask questions or comment about this Policy or our Terms of Use, or to remove or change your contact information in our database, or to not receive future mailings or other communications, as well as other inquiries, please contact us at any time using one of the options below:
Via e-mail: privacy@ariensco.com
Via telephone: (920) 756-2141
Via mail: AriensCo
Attn: Privacy Team
655 West Ryan Street
Brillion, WI 54110