https://www.sqconline.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
MENU
HomeAcceptance SamplingAboutMIL-STD-105E (ANSI/ASQ Z1.4)MIL-STD-105E (Z1.4) Switching RulesISO 2859-1 (BS 6001-1)ISO 2859-1 Switching RulesMIL-STD-414ANSI ASQ Z1.9 (ISO 3951-1, BS6002)MIL-STD-1235CMIL-STD-1235C Switching RulesDodge-Romig Single Sampling AOQLDodge-Romig Single Sampling LTPDMIL-STD-1916 for AttributesMIL-STD-1916 for VariablesMIL-STD-1916 for Continuous SamplingSqueglia Zero-BasedAbout Accept-On-Zero (AOZ) PlansControl ChartsAbout Control ChartsControl Charts for AttributesControl Charts for VariablesWestern Electric Company (WECO) RulesReliabilityConsecutive-Type System ReliabilityMIL-HDBK-217 (BETA)Capacitor MTBFResistor MTBFOperating EnvironmentsEnvironmental Test ChambersMTBF CalculatorResourcesThe BookThe CourseDownloadGlossaryMore ResourcesSubscribeAcademic Access ProgramFAQLogin
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting SQCOnline.com and reviewing our Privacy Policy. We remind you that if you link to a site outside of SQCOnline.com, you are subject to the policies of the new site.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our Web site:
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you visit our site to read or download information, we collect and store the following information about your visit:
The IP address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you are using the Internet) from which you access our site
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site
The date and time you access our site
The Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our site
The pages you visit and the information you request
The username (registered users only)
This information is collected for statistical analysis and technical improvements to the site. We use software programs to create summary statistics, which may be used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. We will also this information to ensure that subscribers use this website according to the terms of service.
If You Send Us Personal Information
You do not have to provide any personal information to visit this Web site. If you choose to provide us with personal information, such as by registering, sending a message to an e-mail address on this Web site or by filling out a form and submitting it through our Web site, we will use that information to respond to your message or to fulfill the stated purpose of the communication.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small bits of text that are either used for the duration of a session ("session cookies"), or saved on a user's hard drive in order to identify that user, or information about that user, the next time the user logs on to a Web site ("persistent cookies"). SQCOnline.com may use cookies to provide enhanced user experience and streamlined navigation throughout the site and for statistical analysis. You can set up your Web browser to inform you when cookies are set or to prevent cookies from being set. You can still use our Web site if you do not accept the cookies, but you may be unable to use certain cookie-dependent features.
Security
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, SQCOnline.com employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Anyone using this system expressly consents to such monitoring and is advised that if such monitoring reveals evidence of possible abuse or criminal activity, such evidence may be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information on this server are strictly prohibited and may be punishable by law, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act of 1996.
Google Analytics
We use “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use (as amended for government websites) and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Google Analytics employs cookies to define user sessions, which allows for the collection of data about how visitors are using the websites. Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies for data analysis.
This means that the cookies are linked to a specific website domain, and Google Analytics will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior on that specific website.
According to Google, the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains.
If you choose, you can opt out by turning off cookies in the preferences settings in your web browser. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google Analytics.
Login
Username or e-mail *
Password *
Create new accountRequest new password
I have made this letter longer than usual, only because I have not had the time to make it shorter.
—
Blaise Pascal