http://www.hurricanecomponents.com/privacy-policy
Login Register Wish List (0) My Account Checkout
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
The Ultimate Way to Transport Your Bike.
Home
About Us
Products
Fork Ups (15)
Beartrap (15mm x 142mm)
Brutus (15mm x 150mm)
Downhill (24mm)
Envy Road (12mm x 100mm)
Fatboy (9mm x 135mm)
La Grit (12mm x 100mm) Wide
Lefty
Limited Edition - Trilogy Black (15mm x 110mm)
Pugsley (9mm x 135mm)
Riser (9mm x 100mm)
Sequel (15mm x 100mm)
Specialized (25mm)
Standard (20mm x 110mm)
Trilogy (15mm x 110mm)
Yukon (15mm x 135mm)
Accessories (6)
Defender (Lefty)
Knurled Nut
Large Knob
Skewer (9mm x 100mm)
Skewer (9mm x 135mm)
Smooth Nut
Distributors/Dealers
Instructions
Contact Us
Menu
Categories
Products
Fork Ups (15)
Accessories (6)
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Information
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Contact Us
Returns
Site Map
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List
COPYRIGHT © 2020, HURRICANE COMPONENTS. SITE DESIGN: DHD
Top