http://www.wavin.com/en-en/privacy-and-cookie-statement
Home >
Privacy and cookie statement >
Home
Privacy & Cookie statementThis is the privacy and cookie Statement of the website www.wavin.com (hereinafter referred to as: ‘Website’). This statement applies to all personal data that Wavin B.V., Stationsplein 3, 8011 CW, (hereinafter referred to as ‘we’, ‘our’ or ‘us’), processes about our website visitors (hereinafter referred to as: ’you’ and ‘your data’) via the Website and through our online services.
1. Cookie List
A cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. Those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. More specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.
You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Performance Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.
They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Social Media Cookies
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.
If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
2. How can I control cookies?
You can either use the Wavin Cookie Preference Cente or the browser on your device.
Use of the Wavin Cookie Preference Center
We provide a Cookie Preference Center which allows you to control some use of cookies. A direct link to the cookie preference center can be found in the footer of every website owned by Wavin.
Your Browser settings
More information with regard to withdrawal or modification or your consent, activation, deactivation and deletion of cookies can be found in the instructions via the help-functionality of your web browser. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies, the Website might not work properly and some services or some of the Website’s functionalities may not be available or work smoothly, and you could be required to modify or manually fill in some information or preferences each time you visit the Website.
3. Modifications
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.  Please therefore re-visit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.  This Cookie Notice was last updated on 3-11-2020.
4. Contact us
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please don’t hesitate to contact us via info@wavin.com.