http://www.kuselequipment.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies. Learn more.Allow Cookies
Menu
Products
Stainless Steel Drains
KEM Floor Drain
The Kusel KEM Stainless-Steel Floor Drain is a dependable solution for low-traffic environments, such as pedestrian a... KE Floor Drain - Standard
Standard 12” Area Drain
Perfect for most common applications in heavy-traffic areas where a sanitary, durable soluti... KE Floor Drain - Cone Bottom
Cone Bottom 12” Area Drain
Offers complete and efficient drainage in any environment.
The Cone Bottom 12” Area Drai... KE Floor Drain - Deep Body
Deep Body 12” Area Drain
Designed to perform best where floor thickness is increased, or a deep or large volume sump... KE Floor Drain - Low Profile
Low Profile 12” Area Drain
Designed for environments where space limitations require a shallow body, there is low de... KE Floor Drain - Side Outlet
Side Outlet 12” Area Drain
As dependable as our Standard Drain but designed for areas where side-outlet configuratio... Classic Trench Drain
The Kusel Classic Trench Drain is built to perform in areas where linear drainage is required. They are constructed o... Custom Trench Drain
Kusel’s Custom Trench Drains offer the same industry-leading performance and reliability our standard offerings provi... Standard-Cleanouts
Our Standard Cleanout allows for easy access to drain lines when cleaning is required. Manufactured of 304 stainless ... P-Traps
Kusel’s Stainless-Steel P-Trap performs best in situations where consistency of material, sanitation, and corrosion r... Hub Drains
Our Stainless-Steel Hub Drain is ideal for pipes and hoses that require an atmosphere break. They are available in a ... Floor Sinks
Kusel’s Classic Floor Sink provides high-quality performance and reliablility in large areas where significant flow o... Floor Troughs
Our Classic Floor Trough offers dependability and high-quality performance in large areas where significant flow occu... Custom Products
Cheese Making Equipment
Micro Vats
Kusel offers a series of “Micro-Vats” for pilot plants, R&D, and farmstead cheese plants.
VAT functionality
Coming ... MX Series Lab Size Vats
The MX Series of vats are ideal for producing cheese, yogurt, and sour cream.
VAT functionality
Available in three ... CK Vats
Typically used in the manufacturing of hard cheeses such as Cheddar or Brick, the Kusel “CK” Series of cheese vats el... TH Vat
Known for its ability to produce softer type cheeses like Munster and Mozzarella, the TH Vat provides cheese makers w... SR Agitator
The newest addition to our cheese-making product line, the Kusel SR Agitator is designed specifically for stirring, c... Open Finishing Table
Kusel’s cheese-finishing tables are constructed with a Uni-Body Construction for added internal strength. This constr... 2M4-17 Agitator
Built for the demanding applications in today's cheese plants, Kusel's 2M4-17 Agitator is designed and constructed ac... Enclosed Finishing Vat (EFV)
The Kusel Enclosed Finishing Vat, or EFV, is typically used in high-volume, stirred-curd production plants. EFVs repl... Curd Mill
Kusel offers the “E-Z CUT CURD MILL,” which is tailored specifically to the exacting needs of the cheese industry. Th... Curd Elevator
One of Kusel’s Curd Handling product offerings, the Cheese Curd Elevator is designed to suit your unique applications... Weigher Stomper
Our Weigher-Stomper is an essential piece of equipment that accurately fills 40 and 20 lb. “Wilson” type moulds direc... Curd Hopper
Built with 304 stainless steel and set on swivel casters, the Kusel Curd Hopper is designed for durability, sanitat... Curd Air-veyor
Kusel’s Curd Air-Veyor is a part of the Curd Handling products offering. Featuring a similar design to our Curd Hoppe... A-Frame Press
The Kusel A-Frame Press, sometimes referred to as the “V” or “Tee-Pee” Press, is a simple design for most popular-siz... LI Cottage Cheese Vats
Kusel’s LI Vat features straight sides and square ends, resulting in increased capacity and better curd cuts.
VAT fu... Drainer/Washer/Cooler
Our Drainer/Washer/Cooler carefully drains the whey and continually cools and washes the curd with counter-flow water... Drainer / Creamer
Kusel’s Drainer/Creamer is an all-stainless-steel, totally enclosed, space-saving, dual-purpose unit that drains liqu... Elips-E-Stir Agitator
Our Elips-E-Stir Agitator features a unique elliptical motion for a gentler agitation process, keeping your curd susp... Custom Equipment
Customers
Drainage Solutions
Engineering
When designing sanitary drain systems, stainless-steel is the number one choice. Architects & Designers
Stainless-steel offers unrivaled strength and style to any project. General Contractors
Performance. Dependability. Kusel. Plumbing
When products need to perform and be built to last; plumbers know they can count on Kusel stainless-steel.
Food Processing
A sanitary environment is essential for your food processing facility. Brewery
When your business is beverages, you need a drainage system that’s up to the task. Pharmaceutical
When sanitation is your priority one, nothing keeps dangerous materials at bay like stainless-steel. Bakery
When baking is your bread and butter, turn to stainless-steel for the performance and sanitation your operation needs.
Winery/Distillery
Turn to stainless-steel to keep your spirits free of impurities.
Pet Food
First-rate sanitation is critical when keeping our furry friends’ food safe.
Bottling Plant
When bottling is your business, you need a drainage system that’s up to the task. Commercial Kitchen
Kusel’s stainless-steel drainage solutions stand up to the heat and perform.
Cheese Makers
Cheese Plant Operator
A trusted and reliable partner to improve all aspects of the cheese manufacturing process. Engineering
Helping root out inefficiencies in the cheese-making process. University Staff
Providing equipment that helps the future cheesemakers of the world hone their craft. Research & Development
Helping cheese makers perfect safety, flavor, and processes Cottage Cheese Makers
Offering producers a “one-stop-shop” to produce the nutrient-dense, simple, and wholesome dairy product.
Resources
Resource Library
Video Gallery
FAQs
Drain Equipment Brochure
Cheese Equipment Brochure
Project Gallery
Projects
Idea Generator
Find Our Salespeople
Our Company
Our History
Why Kusel?
Why Stainless Steel?
News, Events, Media
Custom Steel Solutions
Careers
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website ("website") is operated by Kusel Equipment Co. This privacy policy only covers information collected at this website, and does not cover any information collected offline by Kusel. All Kusel websites are covered by this privacy policy.
Kusel Security
Personal information provided on the website is transmitted through a secure server. We are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access.
Our website uses encryption technology, like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts information such as your name and address.  Please note that email is not encrypted.
Kusel Privacy Policy
To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Because we respect your privacy, we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner. We have posted this privacy policy in order to explain our information collection practices, and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used.
As we continue to develop the Kusel website and take advantage of advances in technology to improve the services we offer, this privacy policy likely will change. We, therefore, encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
The Information We Collect
Generally, you may browse the Kusel website without providing any personally identifiable information. However, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information at various times and places on this website. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with the requested information, you may not be able to access all parts of this website or participate in all of its features and product selection.
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
From your interactions with us, we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you use. When you visit this website, our web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses, and may collect general information concerning your location. We may use the automatically collected information for a number of purposes, such as improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions.
How We Use The Information We Collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Others With Whom We Share Your Information
Kusel Equipment Co.: All of the above information that we collect, as described above, may be shared among all Kusel entities.
Service Providers: We also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing emails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us storage and analysis; (d) provide fraud prevention; and (e) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in our agreements with them.
Other Companies: We may provide information to carefully selected outside companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you.
Business Transitions: We may transfer or share a copy of personal information about you in the event that Kusel or one of its properties, affiliates, or subsidiaries goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our website prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with the ability of Kusel to transfer all or part of its business and/or assets to an affiliate or independent third party at any time, for any purpose, without any limitation whatsoever.
Kusel specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of personally identifiable information collected from its websites to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.
Compliance with Law: We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors of this website or the public.
Kusel partners with advertising companies to place our advertising on publisher websites on the Internet. These advertising companies collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site. This technology involves the use of third party cookies that allow them to develop personalized advertising so that it directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you. You may choose to opt-out of this service we have with our third-party advertising partner. We may also use Kusel cookies to provide similar enhanced online marketing to you based on your interests and preferences. You may also choose to opt out of these enhanced online marketing ads.
Your Choices Regarding Use Of The Information We Collect
You have several choices regarding our handling of your nonpublic personally identifiable information.
Direct Mail or Telephone Marketing: If you shop at or purchase Kusel products and wish to be removed from the list of customers that receive direct mail or telemarketing calls, please either write to Kusel  Equipment Co. Marketing Department at 820 West Street, Watertown, WI 53094 or call 920-261-4112. If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address, and most recent invoice number (if you have one) state one of the following:
"NO MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by mail);
"NO PHONE OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by phone);
"NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive either).
Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: Kusel  Equipment Co. Marketing Department, 820 West Street, Watertown, WI 53094. Please allow 30 days for a response.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and How We Use Them
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
A "web beacon" or "pixel tag" or "clear gif" is typically a one-pixel image, used to pass information from your computer or mobile device to a website.
We use cookies and web beacons to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to the website as well as to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the website you visited immediately before clicking to the Kusel website. We use this information to improve our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions. You can, of course, disable cookies and web beacons on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. We may also use web beacons, and other technologies, to help track whether our communications are reaching you, to measure their effectiveness, or to collect certain non-personal information about your computer, device, or browser in order to allow us to better design future communications to you.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and web beacons and collect information on our behalf or provide services such as  shipping, promotional services, or data management. We call them our Customer Care Partners. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Customer Care Partners.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and the information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CATEGORY_INFO
Allows pages to be displayed more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores your Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag that, indicates whether caching is on or off.
FRONTEND
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The last product you looked at.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items you recently compared.
STF
Information on products you emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer authorized cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you recently looked at.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your wish list.
Emails
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them. If you do not want to receive email from Kusel or its affiliates you can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us. Please allow us 3 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
Acceptance
By using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Questions for Kusel?
Contact Us
Copyright © 2020 Kusel Equipment Co. All rights reserved. 820 West Street, Watertown, WI 53094
PH: 920-261-4112 E: sales@kuselequipment.com Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions