https://www.saloninteriors.com/catalog/privacy
Catalog
Accessible Furniture
Accessories
Ambience Collection
Chairs
Clearance
Dryers & Processors
Manicure Equipment
Mirrors
Modular Pole Furniture
Pedicure Equipment
Plumbing Parts & Fixtures
Reception Furniture
Roller Carts
SI Euro Collection
School Equipment
Shampoo Bowls
Skin Care & Facial
Storage Cabinetry
Styling Stations
Photo Galleries
Salon Photos
Commercial Photos
Retail Photos
Food Service Photos
Bank & Finance Photos
Education & School Photos
Residential Photos
Salon Photo Archives
Salon Design
1-800-642-4205
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
0 item(s) -
Your shopping cart is empty!
Categories
All Salon Furniture
Accessible Furniture
Ambience Collection
Chairs
Dryers & Processors
Hair Styling Stations
Modular Pole Furniture
Reception Furniture
Roller Carts
School Equipment
SI Euro Collection
Storage Cabinetry
Show All All Salon Furniture
Accessories
Protective
Equipment & Parts
Barber Poles
Floor Mats
Magazine Stands
Styling Tool Holders
Show All Accessories
Clearance Salon Equipment
Manicure & Pedicure
Manicure Equipment
Pedicure Equipment
Show All Manicure & Pedicure
Mirrors
Shampoo & Plumbing
Parts & Fixtures
Shampoo Bowls
Show All Shampoo & Plumbing
Skin Care & Facial
Tables & Beds
Facial Steamers
Facial Accessories
Skin Care Machines
Equipro Equipment
Show All Skin Care & Facial
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Salon Interiors Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. That is
why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This lets you know how your
personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take
steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible
with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for
the Web pages, newsletters and opt-in announcement lists owned and
operated by Salon Interiors Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The
following discloses our Privacy Policy.
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?
Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and
a set of numbers, that serve as that computer's "Internet Protocol" IP
address. When a visitor requests a page from any Web site within from
SalonInteriors.com., our Web servers will automatically recognize that
visitor's domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address
reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which
you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our
traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the Salon Interiors
Inc. Network, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement.
Our Web
servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
What are cookies?
From time to time, Salon Interiors Inc. may send a "cookie" to your
computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your
Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard
drive. A cookie can't read data off of your computer hard disk or read
cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your
system. We use cookies to identify which areas of Salon Interiors Inc.
Network you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit,
those pages may be readily accessible.
We may use this information to
better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on
our site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the
settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse
all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being
sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our
Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not
work as intended.
How do you use single-pixel gifs?
Salon Interiors Inc. may use single-pixel gif images, sometimes
referred to as web bugs or web beacons, to count Web page accesses and
gather some general statistical information. Salon Interiors Inc. does
not gather personal information through the use of these images.
What information do you collect when I register for something?
Salon Interiors Inc. offers access to some services that require
registration. We may use your registration contact information to send
notification to you of Salon Interiors Inc. products and services by
e-mail and/or postal mail. We never distribute or share that information
with outside third parties.
What other information do you request?
We may also request your e-mail address or mailing address for the
purposes of conducting a survey or to provide additional services (for
example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, new product announcement
lists or sale information). Whenever we request the identity of a
visitor, we will clearly indicate the purpose of the inquiry before the
information is requested. We maintain a strict "No-Spam" policy that
means that we do not sell, rent, or otherwise give your e-mail address
to a third-party.
What information do you collect when I purchase something?
If you are purchasing something from Salon Interiors Inc., we need
to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number
and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order
and to notify you of your order status. This information may also be
used by us to notify you of related products and services. Credit card
and e-mail information will not be shared or sold to third parties for
any purpose.
Salon Interiors Inc. uses a shopping cart feature that safeguards
this information by using industry standard SSL (Secure Socket Layer)
encrypted servers. SSL codes the information transferred between you and
the server, rendering it unreadable to anyone trying to intercept the
information.
Wherever Salon Interiors Inc. collects personal information we make
an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy on that page.
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?
Salon Interiors Inc. will disclose personal information and/or an
IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such
action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful
activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal
process served on Salon Interiors Inc.
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Salon Interiors
Inc. Network of sites and related properties, or visitors to the Salon
Interiors Inc. Network of sites and related properties.
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the Salon
Interiors Inc.
legal notice, the rights of third parties, or otherwise
misusing the Salon Interiors Inc. or its related properties.
Fulfill a user's order or request.
Salon Interiors Inc. uses reasonable precautions to keep the
information disclosed to us secure. Salon Interiors Inc. reserves the
right to transfer all such information in connection with the sale of
all or part of Salon Interiors Inc.'s capital stock or assets.
Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for
any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are
not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat
information about their users.
What else should I know about my privacy when online?
The Salon Interiors Inc. website contains many hyperlinks to third
party Web sites. Salon Interiors Inc. is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such third party Web sites. Salon Interiors
Inc. does not share any of the individual personal information you
provide with the third parties to which Salon Interiors Inc. links,
except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy, although Salon
Interiors Inc. may share general, aggregate data with such third parties
(such as how many people use our site). Please check with those Web
sites to determine their privacy policy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal
information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or
elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In
short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the
public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in
return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy
of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever
you're online.
Your Consent To This Agreement
By using the Salon Interiors Inc. website, you consent to the
collection and use of information by Salon Interiors Inc. as specified
above. We reserve the right to modify this policy. If we decide to
change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so
that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it,
and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Please send any questions about Salon Interiors Inc.'s Privacy Policy to: privacy@saloninteriors.com
Please note that your use of the Salon Interiors Inc. network of Web sites is governed by our Terms Of Use.
(Revised September 14, 2005)