https://www.hemlock.com/terms-and-privacy/
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
Services
Portfolio
Company
About Us
Technology
Recognition
Sustainability
Sustainable Operations
Striving For Zero
Inklings Blog
Contact
Employment
FAQ
Submit files
Prepare Files
Get a Quote
Give us a call + 1 800 663 2456
Terms and Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Applicability
These Terms and Conditions of Sale (these “Terms and Conditions”)
apply to, and are hereby incorporated by reference in, all purchase orders and the like
issued and/or accepted by Hemlock Printers Ltd. and/or Hemlock Printers (U.S.A.), Inc.
(collectively referred to as “Hemlock”) and any other documentation issued and/or
accepted by Hemlock with respect to a client’s purchase of goods and/or services,
including, but not limited to, all sales quotations, acknowledgements and similar
documents.
Alterations
Any variation to the original quotation or changes to intermediate and final proofs, introduced by the customer, is an alteration. Alterations will be charged to
the customer at current Hemlock rates, which are available upon request.
Client specifications
The customer is responsible for the accuracy of the data (client files, etc) supplied to Hemlock. It is the customer's obligation to provide Hemlock with all requirements before the job enters production. The customer agrees to pay, at current Hemlock rates, for additional labour and material costs resulting from any incomplete or incorrect information provided to Hemlock.
Colour Proofs
Because of differences in equipment, paper, ink and other factors involved in colour proofing and production pressroom operations, Hemlock is not responsible for minor colour variations between colour proofs and the completed job. PDF and online proofs are intended only to determine design, layout and text accuracy.
Colour Separations and Trapping
If the customer furnishes colour files and orders colour separations of those files, the client is responsible for the result. Any request for Hemlock to check colour separation or trapping from customer-furnished files and separations constitutes an authorized alteration which will be charged to the customer at current Hemlock rates.
Copyright and Trademark
The customer is responsible for ensuring that all materials supplied to Hemlock for reproduction do not violate copyright or trade-mark restrictions. Hemlock assumes no liability whatsoever for the customer's use of misuse of copyrighted or trademarked materials.
Customer-Furnished Materials
All customer-furnished materials must be manufactured, packed and delivered according to Hemlock's specifications. The customer will compensate Hemlock for any production delays occasioned by deficiencies in customer-furnished materials and/or specifications at current Hemlock rates.
Delivery
Unless otherwise specified, the price quoted is for a single shipment, without storage, FOB Hemlock's shipping platform. Price quotations are based on continuous and uninterrupted delivery of the complete order, unless specifications distinctly state otherwise. All delivery and courier charges are to be paid by the customer.
Digital asset practices
1It is the responsibility of the customer to be the custodian of the Source Files. The customer can request Source Files within 90 days of the invoice date.
2After 90 days, only the Production PDF files will be archived and will remain on the Hemlock server for a duration of 3 years and 3 months from the invoice date.
3Versions: All files should be clearly labeled and dated with relation to their use. Old versions or unnecessary files should be deleted or erased from transportable media intended for use by Hemlock. Properly sized and marked hard copies or laser proofs of those files should accompany the project. Costs incurred by the mistaken use of improperly submitted files will be the responsibility of the client.
4Copies of original files given by the client to Hemlock remain the property of the client.
5The amended file created by Hemlock to achieve an end result or product, will remain the property of the client, provided the client’s account is paid in full. Retrieval, copying and media costs will be charged to the client at current Hemlock rates.
Proofing
Press proofs will be supplied only to those customers who request one in
their specifications, and will be charged to the customer at current Hemlock rates.
The customer has the obligation to:
Aclearly indicate all corrections on the "master proof;"
Bcheck off the relevant instructions on the proofing tag;
Cif necessary, immediately request revised proofs;
Dsign and date the proofing tag; and
Ereturn the master proof to Hemlock.
Presswork will not begin before the customer marks the proofing tag either "O.K.” or
"O.K. with corrections.”
Hemlock is not responsible for any printing errors or losses if:
Athe customer fails to order a press proof;
Bthe customer refuses to accept a proof;
Cthe customer fails to return a proof with changes;
Dthe customer communicates changes verbally; or
Ethe work is printed per customer's "O.K.” or "O.K. with corrections.”
Privacy
Hemlock Printers Ltd. (Hemlock) maintains the principles of integrity and trust with respect to the privacy of personal information. As part of this commitment, Hemlock will protect the privacy of personal information by applicants for employment with the Company and clients of the Company, who submit to us any of their personal information. To ensure this commitment, the Company agrees to comply in all material respects with all applicable privacy laws, and in particular, the Personal Information Protection Act of British Columbia.
In order to offer services to our clients, Hemlock needs to collect, use and store, certain information. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual and does not include information about corporations, partnerships or other non-individuals. Personal information includes such information as your name, your e-mail address, your mailing address, and your telephone number. Only information necessary for business purposes will be collected. We may also need to disclose this information to other third parties who help us in providing these services, such as our suppliers and credit services. Access to information is restricted to those who need the information to respond to a request. We do not sell or give our client lists to other companies for any other purpose.
By supplying us with this information, we will assume you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information unless we hear from you otherwise.
Our web server only collects a number of hits to the website and does not use cookies to collect personal data. Only information you voluntarily submit will be collected, used and disclosed, and only for the purposes which you have submitted it for.
The Company maintains reasonably available safeguards that comply in all material respects with industry standards to guard personal information against loss, destruction or modification. If you have any complaints about how your personal information is being maintained, or about the Privacy Policy, you should bring that complaint to the attention of the Privacy Officer at Hemlock Printers Ltd.