http://www.litremeter.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Menu
MENUMENUHomeFluidsApplicationsIndustriesTechnologiesBrandsProductsDownloadsAbout UsContactQuoteBlogNewsletter
Website Terms of Use:Terms and Conditions of Access PolicyThis web site is maintained by Litre Meter Limited. Litre Meter is a business unit of TASI Group. TASI Group and its business units are collectively referred to as “us”, “our” or the “Company” in these Terms and Conditions of Access. These Terms and Conditions of Access set forth the terms and conditions under which users are authorized to have access to and use this Site.ACCEPTANCEAny use of this Site by you conclusively indicates that these Terms and Conditions of Access have been reviewed and accepted by you. If you do not agree with any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions of Access, you should not use this Site.CONTENTThe content of this Site (“Content”) is the property of the Company, and all right, title and interest in all Content belongs solely to the Company. You may access and use Content for any legitimate business purpose; provided, however, that you may not use this Site or any Content for any purpose prohibited by the Company, in its sole discretion, upon notice of such prohibited purpose from the Company. Any access or attempt to access other areas of any computer equipment on which this Site is located or other information contained on such computer equipment for any purpose is prohibited.INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSThe Company owns and operates this Site. Unless identified with the designation “Copy Free”, all names, titles, logos, and designs identifying the products and brands of the Company, including any derivative and related names, titles, logos and designs, appearing in this Site, are trademarks of the Company and its sole property. Any other names, titles, logos and designs appearing on this Site are the property of their respective owners. This Site contains copyrighted material, trademarks and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, photographs, graphics, images, illustrations and software, and the entire Content is protected by copyright as a collective work and/or compilation under the United States copyright laws, international conventions and other copyright laws. The Company owns a copyright in the Content original and in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of all Content. Any reproduction, modification, publication, transmission, retransmission, framing, misuse, misappropriation, unauthorized use, transfer, sale, distribution, performance, display, creation of a derivative work or any other exploitation of any Content, in whole or in part, without the express written consent of the Company is strictly prohibited. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any user of this Site is granted a limited license to download Content for personal use only provided that all copyright and other notices in any downloaded Content are maintained. By downloading Content, the user agrees and acknowledges that the user does not acquire any ownership or other use rights to any Content or this Site by downloading such Content. Except as expressly authorized above, nothing contained in this Site or these Terms and Conditions of Access shall be construed as conferring, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right under any patent, trademark, copyright or other property right of the Company or any third party. Individual documents published by the Company on this Site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information specific to such individual document. Any product, process, or technology in such individual documents may be the subject of other intellectual property rights reserved by the Company or a third party and are not to be licensed under these Terms and Conditions of Access. If you are interested in using any Content in any manner except as expressly authorized above, you should contact the Company for information on licensing.DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYNeither the Company nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, third party content providers, licensors, agents or representatives makes any warranty or representation of any kind, either express or implied, with respect to this Site, any Content or any products or services offered through this Site, including, but not limited to, any warranty that this Site will be operable, uninterrupted, virus free or error free, any warranty of title, any warranty of privacy, any warranty of dependability, accuracy, timeliness, authenticity, completeness or reliability, or any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. By using this Site, you acknowledge and agree that this Site and all Content are provided on an “as is, where at” basis without any warranty or representation of any kind, either express or implied, with respect to this Site, any Content or any products or services offered through this Site, including, but not limited to, any warranty that this Site will be operable, uninterrupted, virus free or error free, any warranty of title, any warranty of privacy, any warranty of dependability, accuracy, timeliness, authenticity, completeness or reliability, or any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will the Company or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, third party content providers, licensors, agents, or representatives be liable to any person or entity for damages of any nature whatsoever arising out of or in connection with the use of this Site or any linked web site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that you agree is fair and reasonable concerning your use of this Site and applies to all harm, liabilities, injuries, losses, damages, costs and expenses of any kind whatsoever, including, but not limited to, direct, indirect, incidental, special, compensatory, or consequential damages, regardless of how same arise, whether in tort, negligence, statute, contract, common law, equity or otherwise, and whether for or in connection with loss of programs or data, loss of income, revenues or profits, loss of anticipated sales, loss of opportunity, business interruption, failure to realize expected savings, damage to person or property, claims of third parties or otherwise.LINKSThis Site may from time to time be linked to other web sites. The Company is not responsible for any content contained on any web site that is not maintained by the Company. No link from this Site to a third party web site, or from a third party web site to this Site, is an endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by the Company of such third party web site. The Company will have no liability to users arising from any link from a third party web site to this Site or from this Site to a third party web site.INFORMATION PROVIDEDAll comments, graphics, ideas and other information you provide to the Company through this Site will become the property of the Company without any compensation to the user. To the extent you are requested to provide any information to the Company while using this Site, you represent and warrant that such information will be accurate and complete in all respects.INFORMATION COLLECTEDThe Company may collect information about you and your use of this Site (including, but not limited to, your name, email address, street address and telephone number, credit card information, and length of time spent by you on this Site) for many purposes. You consent to the Company’s use of such information for any lawful purpose. Any personally identifiable information you provide through this Site (e.g., information that can identify the user, including, but not limited to, your name, email address, street address, telephone number, employer and occupational title) will be subject to the Privacy Policy posted on this Site.MISUSE OF INFORMATIONThe Company uses precautions to protect information provided by you to the Company through this Site from misuse or unauthorized disclosure in accordance with the Privacy Policy posted on this Site. However, the Company does not guarantee that any such information is secure from misuse or unauthorized disclosure, and the Company will not have any liability to you for any misuse or unauthorized disclosure of such information.INDEMNIFICATION AND HOLD HARMLESSYou understand and expressly agree that all access to and use of this Site is at your sole risk. You will indemnify and hold harmless the Company from and against all harm, liabilities, injuries, losses, damages, costs and expenses incurred by the Company (including, but not limited to, fees and disbursements of counsel to the Company) in connection with your access to or use of this Site or any Content, except to the extent such harm, liabilities, injuries, losses, damages, costs or expenses are due solely to the negligence of the Company. You agree that you shall not take any action against the Company or any of its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, third party content providers, licensors, agents, or representatives in any connection with any matter relating to or arising out of your access to or use of this Site.TERMINATION AND MODIFICATIONLitre Meter may terminate this Site and modify any Content at any time, in each case, without notice to you and without liability to you for such termination or modification.NOTICESYou may send notices to Litre Meter Limited, Hart Hill Barn, North Marston, MK18 3RZ, United Kingdom. Any such notice will be effective upon actual receipt by the Company. The Company may send notices to you through email, regular mail or a posting on this Site. Any such notice will be effective upon actual receipt by you in the case of email or regular mail or upon posting in the case of posting on this Site.MISCELLANEOUSThese Terms and Conditions of Access (a) may be amended by Litre Meter at any time without notice to you, (b) inure to the benefit of and are binding upon you and the Company and each of your and the Company’s successors and assigns, except that you may not assign any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions of Access without the written consent of Litre Meter, (c) shall be governed by, and interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the internal law of the State of IL without regard to principles of conflict of laws, and (d) constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company with respect to your access to and use of this Site and supersede all prior oral and written proposals, representations, understandings and agreements.
CONTACTPhone: +44 1296 670200 or 0800 0183001
email: sales@litremeter.com
Hart Hill Barn,
Granborough Road,
North Marston, Buckingham,
MK18 3RZ. UK
LATEST PRODUCTLitre Meter LSonic
The LSonic is our latest product. It is a range of in-line ultrasonic flowmeters with at least a turndown of 25:1 (at ±1% accuracy) from 1/2" to 2 1/2". 30 litres per hour minimum up to 51 m3/h. The 1/2" has male NPT (or BSP) threads. At ±2% accuracy the range is 30 to 3400 l/hr, 0-120+ºC & 27 bar.
LITRE METER LIMITEDis a Member of TASI Group
with 12 other flow companies including KEM, AW Lake and Sierra.
World Wide Distributors
SUPPORT
Go to SupportSign up for FlowSight, the Litre Meter newsletter.
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on linkedin
Newsletter
Call Now ButtonThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Email Address*
Company*Litre Meter Limited will use the information you provide on this form to get in touch with you and provide updates & marketing information.
Please let us know which contact method you would prefer:-
Email
Telephone
Direct Mail
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. Alternatively, you can request cancelling ypur subscription via email to sales@litremeter.com.
We treat your information with respect.
For more information about our Privacy Policy, see the link in the footer of our website.
By clicking below, you agree that we may process your information in accordance with these terms.
To close this window without submitting the form, refresh your screen by pressing F5.CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×