https://www.fischertool.com/privacy/
1. Data privacy
General notes
The following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal data is any data that personally identifies you. Detailed information on data protection can be found in our Privacy Statement.
Data collection on our website
Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?
The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. Its contact details can be found in the imprint of this website.
How do we collect your data?
Your data will be collected when you communicate it to us. This may be e.g. data that you enter in a contact form.
Other data is automatically collected through our IT systems when visiting the site. This is above all technical data (for example web browser, operating system or time of the page view). The collection of this information takes place automatically as soon as you enter our website.
What do we use your information for?
Some of the data is collected to ensure that the site is properly generated. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior.
What rights do you have regarding your data?
At any time, you have the right to obtain information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data free of charge. You also have a right to request the correction, blocking or deletion of this data. For this purpose as well as for further questions about data protection you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. Furthermore, you have a right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data privacy
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this website, various personal data is collected. Personal information is information that personally identifies you. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
We remind you that data transfer over the Internet (for example, when communicating by email) may have security gaps. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Link to the person in authority
The responsible person for data processing on this website is:
Sabine Erz
Goethestraﬂe 72
89150 Laichingen
phone: +49 (0) 7333 ñ 9608 ñ 11
e-mail: info@schaufler.de
Responsible body is the natural or legal person, who alone or together with others decides over the purposes and means of processing personal data (eg names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Withdrawal of your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your consent. You can revoke an already given consent at any time. An informal message by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
3. Data Protection Officer
Legally prescribed data protection officer
We have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
Sascha Kohl
Goethestrasse 72
89150 Laichingen
e-mail: datenschutzbeauftragter@schaufler.de
4. Data collection on our website
Cookies
The internet pages partly use so-called cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses. Cookies are used to make our offer more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser.
Most of the cookies we use are so-called ìsession cookiesî. They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain stored on your device until you delete them. These cookies enable us to recognize your browser the next time you visit.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and accept cookies only in individual cases, accept cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and the automatically delete cookies when closing the browser. The deactivation of cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies required to complete the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions you desire (such as shopping cart function) are determined on the basis of Art. 6 (1) lit. f DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically correct and optimized provision of its services. If other cookies (such as cookies for analyzing your browsing behavior) are stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server Log Files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us.
These are:
browser type and browser version
operating operating system
Referrer URL
hosting name of the accessing computer
Time of the server request
IP address
A merging of this data with other data sources is not carried out. The basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures.
5. Plugins and Tools
YouTube
Our website uses plugins from the Google-powered YouTube page. The site is operated by YouTube, LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San Bruno, CA 94066, USA.
If you visit any of our sites equipped with a YouTube plug-in, you will be connected to the servers of YouTube. It tells the YouTube server which of our sites youíve visited.
If youíre logged in to your YouTube account, you allow YouTube to associate your surfing behavior directly with your personal profile. You can prevent this by logging out of your YouTube account.
The use of YouTube is in the interest of an attractive presentation of our online offers. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. For more information about how to handle user data, please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy
Google Web Fonts
This site uses so-called web fonts provided by Google for the uniform representation of fonts. When you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to correctly display texts and fonts.
To do this, the browser you use must connect to Googleís servers. As a result, Google learns that our website has been accessed via your IP address. The use of Google Web Fonts is in the interest of a consistent and attractive presentation of our online services. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
If your browser does not support web fonts, a default font will be used by your computer.
More information about Google Web Fonts can be found at https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and in Googleís Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
Google Maps
This site uses the mapping service Google Maps via an API. Provider is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
To use the features of Google Maps, it is necessary to save your IP address. This information is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. The provider of this page has no influence on this data transfer.
The use of Google Maps is for the sake of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy findability of the places we specify on the website. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO.
For more information on how to handle user data, please refer to the Google Privacy Policy: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Home
Legal notice
Privacy Statement
Terms and Conditions
News
see all NewsCareer
see all JobsPress
see all press articles
FISCHER TOOL & DIE CORP
7155 Industrial Road
Temperance, MI 48182
Telephone +01 734 847 4788
Telefax +01 734 847 5027
E-Mail info@fischertool.com
SCHAUFLER Tooling GmbH & Co. KG
Goethestrasse 72
89150 Laichingen
Telephone +49 73 33 96 08 ñ 0
Telefax +49 73 33 96 08 ñ 24
E-Mail†info@schaufler.de
SCHAUFLER China Co., Ltd.
No. 778 Chuangxin west Road
Free trade zone, Shanghai
Telephone +86 137 64637572
E-Mail joey.cao@schaufler.com.cn
Scroll to top
We want to offer you the best possible service. We store information about your visit in so-called cookies.
By using this website, you agree to the use of cookies.
OKdata protection
We use cookies on our site
We can request cookies set on your device. We use cookies to notify us when you visit our Web sites, how you interact with us, improve your experience and customize your relationship with our site.
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your settings. Keep in mind that blocking some types of cookies can affect your experience on our websites and the services we can offer.
Essential websites cookies
These cookies are essential in order to provide you with the services available on our website and to use some of their functions.
Since these cookies are essential to provide the site, you can not decline them without affecting the way our site works. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings and forcing blocking all cookies on this site.
Other external services
We also use a variety of external services such as Google web fonts, Google Maps, and external video providers. Since these providers may collect personally identifiable information, such as your IP address, you can block them here. Please note that this can seriously affect the functionality and appearance of our website. Changes take effect as soon as you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
[Av_privacy_google_webfonts]
Google map settings:
[Av_privacy_google_maps]
Vimeo and Youtube video embed:
[Av_privacy_video_embeds]
data protection
You can read our cookie and privacy settings in detail on our privacy page. [Av_privacy_link]