http://www.joriside.co.uk/privacy
Contact us
CONTACT US
Name:
Email:
Telephone No.:
Country selector:
(select country)
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia-Herzegovinia
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Dem. Republic)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey and Alderney
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Island of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea (Democratic Republic of)
Korea (Republic of)
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyz Republic
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldavia
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua-New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Re union
Republic of Dominica
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
USA
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Zip / Postal:
Subject:
Dak- en wandprofielen
Technische profielen
Geïsoleerde panelen
Dakpanplaten
Verzinkte profielen
Iderail
Jorisolar
Goten
Andere...
Message:
Opt-In Privacy:
Your Privacy is important for Joris Ide and therefore we want to inform you about our updated privacy policy. You may find our complete privacy policy on our website.
Log in
This is a statement about why you should log in.
Register here to see stuff
Email
Password:
Stay logged in on this computer
Forgotten password
Register
Privacy & Cookie-policy
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Last revised; 20180518
Model
This “Privacy Policy” regulates the processing of your personal data by the Controller: : Steel Partners NV, Joris Ide Group NV, Joris Ide NV, Idetrans NV, Joris Ide Nederland  BV, Comptoir du bâtiment et de l’Industrie SAS, Joris Ide Auvergne SAS, Profinord EURL, Société Bretonne de Profilage SAS, Joris Ide Sud Ouest SAS, Joris Ide Deutschland GmbH (hereinafter referred to as: “COMPANY”).
Read this Privacy Policy carefully as it contains essential information about how your personal data are processed and what cookies are used. By providing your personal data on the Website [www.joriside.com] and submitting personal data to the listed e-mail addresses, you declare to have studied this Privacy Policy and expressly agree to it, including the processing.
Article 1 – General
COMPANY complies with the “Act of 8 December 1992 on the protection of privacy with respect to the processing of personal data” as amended by the Act of 11 December 1998 and the anti-spam provisions of Book XII of the Economic Law Code concerning the “right of the electronic economy”.
COMPANY also complies with the European Regulation 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 on the protection of personal data by its use of this Privacy Policy.
COMPANY is the Controller for the processing of your personal data. A statement has been filed with the Belgian Committee on the Protection of Privacy concerning the processing of your personal data.
Article 2 – Personal data
2.1.        The following are forms of personal data you provide to us:
Category 1, without registration: your IP address, browsing behaviour, origin and search terms;
Category 2: password and e-mail address;
Category 3: upon registration: your e-mail address when you sign up to our newsletter;
Category 4: through cookies;
Category 5: your address details when you place an order.
2.2.        COMPANY may also collect your personal data in different ways:
a.      by using cookies (see below);
b.     during your registration and use of the Website;
2.3.        The Website also uses cookies that collect personal data. Refer to Article 9 for the provisions on the use of cookies.
Article 3 – Purposes of the processing
3.1.        General purposes:
The Company will only use your collected personal data for the following purposes:
Category 1: maintaining and improving this Website and including personal data in anonymous statistics which does not enable the identification of the identity of specific persons or companies, with the legitimate interests of the COMPANY to continuously improve its Website and its services as legal ground;
Category 2: managing your account on this Website with respect to the use of our COMPANY and Website, with the implementation of the requested agreement as a legal basis, and, if indicated, sending direct marketing, with your explicit prior permission as legal ground;
Category 3: sending direct marketing, newsletters, campaigns and promotions with your explicit prior permission as legal ground;
Category 4: saving settings, with your explicit prior permission as legal ground;
Category 5: delivering and invoicing the ordered products, with the provision of a requested service as legal grounds.
You are not required to provide your personal data, but understand that providing certain services becomes impossible if you refuse the processing.
3.2.        Direct marketing:
Your personal data can also be used for direct marketing if you have given your additional explicit permission for this (“opt-in”).
If you are already on our mailing list for marketing and other materials in paper and/or electronic form, COMPANY can use your data to send marketing and other materials related to COMPANY, its products and/or services. COMPANY can use the provided data to update documents kept by it.
This permission can be withdrawn at any time without justification and incurring costs, for example, by using the provided unsubscribe link at the bottom of each promotional e-mail.
3.3.        Transfer to third parties:
In case of a complete or partial reorganisation or transfer of the activities of COMPANY as part of which it reorganises, transfers or ceases its company activities or if COMPANY goes bankrupt, your data can be transferred to new entities or third parties by which all or part of the company activities of COMPANY will be carried out.
COMPANY will make reasonable efforts to attempt to inform you in advance of the fact that COMPANY will transfer your data to the indicated third party, but you acknowledge that this is not always technically or commercially feasible.
COMPANY will not sell, let or distribute your personal data or make them commercially available in any way to a third party, except as described above or with your prior permission.
3.4.        Legal requirements:
COMPANY may in rare circumstances be required to disclose your personal data pursuant to a court order or in order to meet other mandatory laws or regulations. COMPANY will reasonably strive to inform you in advance unless this is restricted by law.
Article 4 – Duration of the processing
We will keep and process the personal data for the time necessary to achieve the purposes of the processing and for the contractual relationship between COMPANY and yourself.
Article 5 – Your rights
5.1.        Right of access and inspection:
You have the right to access your personal data free of charge at any time, including our use of your personal data.
5.2.        Right of rectification, removal and limitation:
You have the right to decide whether you want to share your personal data with COMPANY. You also have the right to request us to correct, supplement or delete your personal data. You acknowledge that if you refuse to share your personal data or submit a request for deletion, certain services and products will not or no longer be available.
You may also request us to restrict the processing of your personal data.
5.3.        Right of objection:
You also have the right to object against the processing of your personal data for serious and legitimate reasons.
In addition, you have the right to object against the use of personal data for direct marketing purposes, in which case no justification is needed.
5.4.        Right of free transfer of data:
You have the right to obtain your personal data that are processed by us in a structured, common and machine-readable form and/or to transfer it to other controllers.
5.5.        Right to revoke your permission:
You have the right to revoke your permission if the processing is based on this prior permission.
5.6.        Exercising your rights:
You can exercise your rights by contacting us, either by e-mail to (...), by mail to COMPANY, att. legal dept., Hille 174-8750 Zwevezele, provided that you enclose a copy of your identity card.
5.7.        Automated decision-making and profiling:
The processing of your personal data does not include any profiling and you will not be subject to automated decisions.
5.8.        Right to file a complaint:
You have the right to file a complaint with the Belgian Privacy Committee: Commissie voor de Bescherming van de Persoonlijke Levenssfeer, Drukpersstraat 35, 1000 Brussel, Tel +32 (0)2 274 48 00, Fax +32 (0)2 274 48 35, E-mail:  commission@privacycommission.be.
Article 6 – Safety and confidentiality
6.1.        We have developed technical and organisational security measures to prevent the destruction, loss, falsification, alteration, unauthorised access or accidental disclosure of personal data to third parties and any other form of unauthorised processing.
6.2.        COMPANY can never be held liable for any direct or indirect damage arising from the incorrect or unlawful use of personal data by any third party.
6.3.        You must always comply with the security regulations, for example, by preventing any unauthorised access to your login credentials. You are solely responsible for the use made of your computer, IP address and identification details and their confidentiality.
Article 7 – Access by third parties
We grant access to your personal data to our employees to enable the processing thereof.
We guarantee a level of protection which is equal to this privacy policy by imposing contractual obligations on our employees and hired workers.
Article 8 – Registration with Privacy Committee
This processing of personal data has been registered with the Belgian Committee for the Protection of Privacy. You can contact this Committee at all times using the following information:
Commissie voor de Bescherming van de Persoonlijke Levenssfeer
Drukpersstraat 35
1000 Brussels
+32 (0)2 274 48 00
+32 (0)2 274 48 35
commission@privacycommission.be
Article 9 – Cookies
9.1.        What are cookies?
A “cookie” is a small file sent by the server of COMPANY and saved on the hard drive of your computer. The information kept in these cookies can only be read by us for the duration of your visit to the Website.
9.2.        Why do we use cookies?
Our Website uses cookies and similar technologies to distinguish your usage preferences from those of other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a better user experience when you visit our Website and also allows us to improve our website.
As a result of recent legislative changes, all Websites that serve certain parts of the European Union are required to ask for your permission when using or saving cookies and similar technologies on your computers or mobile devices. This cookie policy provides you with clear and complete information about the cookies we use and their purposes.
9.3.        Types of cookie:
Even though there are different types of cookies that can be distinguishes based on functionality, origin or storage period, legislation mainly distinguishes between functional or technically necessary cookies on the one hand and all other cookies on the other hand.
The Website only uses the following cookies:
Non-functional cookies
Name
Origin
Function
Storage period
Setting
Visitor
Setting preferences
undefined
With respect to cookies placed by third parties (including Google Analytics), we refer to the statements of these parties on their websites. Please note: we cannot control the content of these statements or the content of the cookies of these third parties: Google Analytics cookies
9.4.        Your permission:
When you visit our website for the first time, you are asked to accept our different types of cookies. You can allow or refuse each category of cookies. You can always change the cookie settings for our Website using the hyperlink at the bottom of our Website and revoke your permission.
You can refuse the installation of these cookies by choosing the “Reject cookies” option in the displayed pop-up screen when you first visit the website.
You can also reject or block cookies using the configuration parameters of your browser. Turning off cookies means that certain functionalities of the Website will no longer work.
If you have any questions or comments about the processing of your personal data, feel free to contact us, by mail to COMPANY (att. legal dept., Hille 174-8750 Zwevezele).
You can find more information about cookies on: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
More information about online behavioural advertising and online privacy can be found here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
Pop-up Cookie warning:
Cookies
This website uses both functional and non-functional cookies. We need your prior permission to place and read non-functional cookies. This is not the case for non-functional cookies. You can still change the use of cookies and your preferences at a later time. More information is available in our Cookie Policy.
<I accept> <I refuse> <More information>
Home
The Company
Product Range
Roof Profiles
Wall Profiles
Roof-tiles
Composite Panels
JI SHIELD Systems
Steeldecks
Purlins & Rails
Accessories
Projects
Downloads
CE Mark
Certification
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Log In
Joris Ide uses cookies to improve the customer experience and the use of its site.
By continuing to browse a site Joris Ide , you accept the terms of use of these cookies. For more information or modify the use of cookies ...
More