https://www.portmeirion.co.uk/customer-services/privacy-policy
zoom
visa
paypal
amex
mc
menu
heart
cart
search
user
spode
pimpernel
portmeirion
worcester
facebook
google
instagram
linkedin
pinterest
tumblr
twitter
youtube
portmeiriongroup
austria
belgium
cyprus
estonia
france
uk
germany
finland
greece
spain
ireland
italy
latvia
luxembourg
malta
holland
portugal
row
united-states
back
arrow-down
arrow-up
box
chevron-left
chevron-right
edit
share
trash
close
gift
down
mail
secure
wax-logo
spode-logo
wax-logo-dark
pimpernel-brand
nambe-brand
worcester-brand
spode-brand
portmeirion-brand
nambe
Home
Customer Services
Portmeirion Group Privacy Policy for Consumers
Portmeirion Group Privacy Policy for Consumers
Browse Information
Customer ServicesFAQ's Care & UseDelivery InformationTerms & ConditionsPortmeirion Group Privacy Policy for ConsumersCookie PolicyUser Content LicenceReturns PolicyPersonalised Products Terms and Conditions
INTRODUCTION
Welcome to Portmeirion Group’s privacy notice.
Portmeirion Group respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Please use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
Important Information and Who We Are
The Data We Collect About You
How Is Your Personal Data Collected
How We Use Your Personal Data
Disclosures of Your Personal Data
International Transfers
Data Security
Data Retention
Your Legal Rights
Glossary
Important information and who we are
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how Portmeirion Group collects and processes your personal data.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Use of our websites are governed by this notice and our Terms and Conditions and Cookie Policy. By visiting our websites you are accepting to the practices described in this notice.
Controller
This privacy notice is issued on behalf of the Portmeirion Group so when we mention "Portmeirion Group", “Portmeirion” "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice, we are referring to the relevant company in the Portmeirion Group responsible for processing your data as follows:
Website
Data controller
www.portmeirion.co.uk
www.spode.co.uk
www.royalworcester.co.uk
www.pimpernelinternational.co.uk
int.portmeirion.com
int.spode.com
int.royalworcester.com
int.pimpernelinternational.com
Portmeirion
Group UK Limited
Registered
office and main trading address: London Road, Stoke-on-Trent, ST4 7QQ.
Registered
in England and Wales under number 417484.
VAT
number:
GB 592 3263 32
UK ICO registration
number: Z6819693
www.wax-lyrical.co.uk
www.wax-lyrical.com
Wax Lyrical Limited*
Registered office and main trading address: Lindal Business Park, Lindal In Furness, Ulverston,
Cumbria, LA12 0LD.
Registered in England and Wales under
number 01499611
VAT number: GB 659 8959 45
ICO registration
number: Z6895749
www.portmeirion.com
www.spode.com
www.royalworcester.com
www.pimpernelinternational.com
Please
refer to the Privacy Policy available on these sites which is specific to
U.S. consumers.
Portmeirion Group Designs
LLC (and it affiliates in the U.S.)*
Registered office and main trading address: 105 Progress Lane
Waterbury, CT 06705, USA
*Subsidiary companies of Portmeirion Group UK Limited
We have appointed a data protection lead who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data protection lead using the details set out below.
Contact details
If you need to contact us about your data please do so by contacting Portmeirion Group UK Limited using the above contact details or by emailing the data protection lead at data@portmeiriongroup.com or by telephoning +44 (0)1782 743605.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Data protection law requires Portmeirion Group, as controller for your data:
to process your data in a lawful, fair and transparent way;
to only collect your data for explicit and legitimate purposes;
to only collect data that is relevant, and limited to the purpose(s) we have told you about;
to ensure that your data is accurate and up to date;
to ensure that your data is only kept as long as necessary for the purpose(s) we have told you about; and
to ensure that appropriate security measures are used to protect your data.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
We may need to update or change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
This policy is effective 25 May 2018. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. Please inform us at data@portmeiriongroup.com of any changes in your data.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you.
We and organisations connected with us (such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest) have a social media presence for the purpose of communicating with you, sharing photos and promoting competitions.
If you enable such connections or choose to communicate your personal data to us via third-party websites or social media, please remember that we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website or interact with us on social media, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website or forum that you visit or use.
The data we collect about you
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers and records of correspondence if you contact us including your email address if you email us, address if you write to us and your telephone number if you call us.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our websites, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences.
We refer to the above categories of data in the data subject category tables which can be found here. We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data).
Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
How is your personal data collected?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
create an account on our website;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our websites, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics, providers (such as Google) based in and outside the EU;
advertising networks based in and outside the EU; and
search information providers based in and outside the EU.
Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical and payment services such as credit reference agencies based in the EU.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us at data@portmeiriongroup.com.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
PURPOSE/ACTIVITY
TYPE OF DATA
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING INCLUDING BASIS OF LEGITIMATE INTEREST
To register you as a new customer
Identity
Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
Manage
payments, fees and charges
Collect
and recover money owed to us
Identity
Contact
Financial
Transaction
Marketing
and Communications
Performance of a contract
with you
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
Notifying
you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
Asking
you to leave a review or take a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Marketing
and Communications
Performance of a contract
with you
Necessary to comply with a
legal obligation
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our
products/services)
To
enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing
and Communications
Performance of a contract
with you
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them
and grow our business)
Consent
To
administer and protect our business and this website (including
troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting
and hosting of data)
Identity
Contact
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT
services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business
reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
Necessary to comply with a
legal obligation
To
deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or
understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Identity
Contact
Profile
Usage
Marketing
and Communications
Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our
products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our
marketing strategy)
Consent
To
use data analytics to improve our website, services, marketing, client
relationships and experiences
Technical
Usage
Necessary for our legitimate
interests (to define types of customers for our products/ services, to keep
our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing
strategy)
Consent
To
make suggestions and recommendations to you about
products and services that may be of
interest to you whilst browsing our websites
Identity
Contact
Technical
Usage
Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop
our products/services and grow our business)
To
send marketing e-mails to you containing news, offers and recommendations
about products and services that may be of interest to you.
Identity
Contact
Consent
Marketing
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms: you are able to choose and amend your marketing preferences on your website account and all our communications to you will clearly contain an opt-out link, see the Opting out section below for further details.
Promotional offers from us
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have opted in to receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the Portmeirion Group of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into your account on the websites and unchecking the relevant box to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at data@portmeiriongroup.com. Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase or experience or other transactions.
Cookies
Like many websites, our websites use cookies. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allows us to improve our websites. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy.
Change of purpose
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us at data@portmeiriongroup.com.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Specific Categories of Third Parties such as payment service providers, courier companies, mailing managers, survey providers and analytics providers.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
International transfers
Where we share your personal data within the Portmeirion Group. This may involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
We ensure your personal data is protected by requiring all our group companies to follow the same rules when processing your personal data.
Some of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield.
Data security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Where we have given you, or where you have chosen, a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our websites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Data retention
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your legal rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data as listed below:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at data@portmeiriongroup.com.
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Glossary
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
Consent means you have made a clear affirmative unambiguous action confirming that you are happy for your data to be processed for specific purposes.
THIRD PARTIES
Internal Third Parties
Companies in the Portmeirion Group (including Portmeirion Group PLC, Portmeirion Group UK Limited, Portmeirion Group Designs LLC, Portmeirion Group USA, Inc. and Wax Lyrical Limited) acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in the United Kingdom and US and provide services including IT and system administration services.
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors operating in the EU, US and elsewhere who provide IT and system administration services.
Payment service providers - all payment transactions are processed by Sage Pay or PayPal other than for US consumers where the processing is undertaken by Cybersource (please refer to the Privacy Policy on the U.S. sites). You can read Sage Pay's security policy here and about Sage Pay's security standards and view their certificate of compliance here. All PayPal transactions are subject to the PayPal PayPal terms and Privacy Policy available at www.paypal.com/uk. Further information regarding the payment process and payment providers used can be found in the ‘PAYMENT’ section of the website terms and conditions.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the EU and US who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
×
Continue shopping
Add to Bag
Welcome!
Enjoy 20% off non-sale items when you join our mailing list
Subscribe