https://www.formulaboats.com/web-accessibility-policy/
Models
Dealers
Build
Virtual Boat Show
About
Mission
History
Formula Difference
FormulaFlex Program
Dealer Locator
Boat Shows
Press Releases
Formula Gear
Photo Gallery
Virtual Tours
Videos
Formula Blog
Owners Resources
Formula Service
Brochures
NMMA Boating Safety Tips
Boat Shows
Boat Care
Owner’s Stories
Owner’s Mailings
Owner Registration
Contact
Contact Us
Request a Catalog
E-news Sign Up
Blog
Preowned
Web Accessibility Policy
Formula Boats has always striven to produce the finest quality boats for our customers. We are also committed to providing outstanding service to everyone, including individuals with disabilities. Our company mission statement references core values of Reverence, Trust, Integrity, Learning, and Excellence. We are committed to ensure the accessibility of our facilities – including our websites – to all people with specific challenges or disabilities. To that end, we have adopted a policy and implementation plan that includes several initiatives, detailed below.
Ongoing Development & Revision – All website enhancements or updates will go through a strict analysis to ensure it meets the requirements set forth in the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 AA. This will be a constant and ongoing project as we strive to make our website accessible to as many individuals as possible.
Training – All employees responsible for ongoing website enhancements will be educated and trained on accessibility guidelines to support our continued goal of compliance with our web accessibility policy.
Alternate Content Access – Formula Boats offers a variety of forms for the content that is provided on our website. These alternatives provide accessible means for individuals with disabilities to obtain content that is not readily accessible on our website until it can be replaced with conforming equivalents. If any content on the website is found to be difficult to access, please feel free to reach out to us at webmaster@formulaboats.com.
We recognize that WCAG is a constantly evolving standard, and commit to continuous improvements to our site to conform to it.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our accessibility, or other accessibility questions, please reach out to us at webmaster@formulaboats.com.
Our office is also available over the phone from 8 AM to 4 PM EST at 260-724-9111.
This website uses cookies to ensure you have the best user experience on our website. Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.