https://www.greenink.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Cookie policy
Information
about our use of cookies
Our
website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This
helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and
also allows us to improve our site.
A
cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or
the hard drive of your computer, if you agree.
We
use the following cookies.
Analytical/performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how
visitors move around our website. This helps us to improve the way our website
works, for example by ensuring users can easily find what they are looking for.
We
use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics
generates statistical and other information about website use by means of
cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated
relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website.
Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://policies.google.com/privacy .
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us
to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your
preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies. These record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the
links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising
displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share
this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please
note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and
providers of external services such as web traffic analysis services) may also
use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be
analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You can block cookies
by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting
of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all
cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or
parts of our website.
Terms of website use | Cookie policy
Data privacy notice for our website |
Data privacy notice for our clients and suppliers | Data privacy notice for job applicants
© Green Ink 2020Site designed and built by Green Ink Publishing Services Ltd.
This website uses cookies to improve your user experience.Accept Read MoreCookie policy