http://www.diamondwww.com/privacy/
WWW International Diamond Consultants Ltd
Home
Contact us
Profile
Services
Associates
WWW Diamond Forecasts
Clients
Presentations
Member login
This member area is for authorised users only and you must be invited to participate. Contact us for information.
Email
Password
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle your personal information for our services on the tenderdiamond.com website. By accepting the Privacy Policy you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance for new users and is otherwise effective on 21st May 2008. Collection Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information on our servers located in the United Kingdom. We may collect and store the following personal information: ·         email address, physical contact information, and financial information, such as bank account numbers;·         transactional information based on your bidding on the site; ·         shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item; ·         correspondence through our site, and correspondence sent to us;·         other information from your interaction with our sites, services, and content, including computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information; ·         information from other companies, such as demographic and traffic data; andMarketing We don't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes. Use Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to improve the sevice we provide.You agree that we may use your personal information to: ·         provide the services and customer support you request; ·         resolve disputes, collect fees, and troubleshoot problems; ·         prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce our User Agreement; Our Disclosure of Your Information We may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, property, or safety. We may also share your personal information with:   ·         Service providers under contract who help with our business operations (such as fraud investigations, bill collection). ·         Law enforcement or other governmental officials, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity. ·         Other business entities, should we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business entity. (Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information. If your personal information will be used contrary to this policy, you will receive prior notice.)  Cookies We use "cookies" (small files placed on your hard drive) on certain of our pages to help analyze our web page flow; customize our services and content. A few important things you should know about cookies are that: ·         We offer certain features that are available only through the use of cookies. ·         We use cookies to help identify you and maintain your signed-in status. ·         Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. ·         You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although doing so may interfere with your use of some of our sites or services. Account Protection Your password and bidding PIN is the key to your account. Use unique numbers, letters and special characters, and do not disclose your password or PIN to anyone. If you do share your password or your personal information with others, remember that you are responsible for all actions taken in the name of your account. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personal information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately notify tenderdiamond.com and change your password. Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information You can see, review and change most of your personal information by signing on to tenderdiamond.com . Generally, we will not manually modify your personal information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate. Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law. Security Your information is stored on our servers located in the United Kingdom. We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use lots of tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, as you probably know, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. General We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the Site.
Terms & Conditions
| Privacy Policy
| Legal Information
| © 2018 WWW International Diamond Consultants Ltd
Registered in England 3151205 |
Web development by Artonezero