http://www.accubanker.com/pages/privacy-policy
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
Menu
Cart 0
+
-
Bill Counters
Counterfeit Detectors
Coin Counters
POS Equipment
Accessories
Printers
Software
+
-
Bill Counters - Silver
Counterfeit Detectors - Silver
Printers - Silver
POS Equipment - Silver
Technical Support
Corporate
+
-
Blog
Corporate Website
Talk with an Advisor
Become a Partner
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy describes the information AccuBANKER collects and what is done with it. Should you have any further privacy questions not covered by this policy, please email info@accubanker.com, and put "Privacy Policy Question" in the subject line. Please note that this privacy policy applies to AccuBANKER only. This privacy policy does not cover information collected by non-AccuBANKER web sites accessible from the AccuBANKER website or by any third parties associated with AccuBANKER.The information AccuBANKER collectsAccuBANKER primarily collects, uses and stores your information when you visit a AccuBANKER web site, purchase products from AccuBANKER, or when you communicate with AccuBANKER (email, web, phone, fax, postal letter, etc.). Every order form asks for personally identifiable information such as your name, contact information, and payment information.When you interact with AccuBANKER, information on how you communicated with AccuBANKER is collected. The information is primarily used to understand you as a potential customer and so that AccuBANKER may have alternate ways of communicating with you should the information you provide be inadequate. Information on how you communicated with AccuBANKER may include: the Internet address of the computer you used, the language you selected when viewing the order form, the browser type, the security level used to view a web page, the currency in which you viewed prices, the return email address shown in your email messages, the return address on postal envelopes, the return fax number on faxes, the phone number used when calling, and any other information that may be gathered from your communication.Also, when you allow it, AccuBANKER uses web browser "Cookies." Cookies generally allow AccuBANKER to identify you as someone who has previously visited the AccuBANKER web site. The use of Cookies is now common practice for most commercial web sites, such as AccuBANKER.How AccuBANKER uses the informationThe information is primarily used to: determine whether to accept your purchase information, enable our product suppliers to deliver goods, services, or information; provide notices regarding goods or services that you may purchase, and improve our business.Information sharingAccess to financial payment information such as credit card, debit card information, or bank account information is restricted to AccuBANKER employees and external service providers on a need-to-know basis. Other third parties are never provided with your financial payment information. From time to time AccuBANKER may use external service providers who need to know your financial payment information to help verify the information provided or to help AccuBANKER make business decisions. Each person or entity that needs to know your financial payment information has a contractual obligation, with AccuBANKER, to maintain the privacy of that financial payment information.To insure that you receive your purchased product(s), all other information collected by AccuBANKER and any additional communications that might be related to your purchase, may be passed to the appropriate product suppliers. Additionally, all other information may be shared with external service providers to help verify the information provided or to help AccuBANKER make business decisions. Such third party partners may use the information to maintain various databases related to your purchase, fulfill purchases, provide technical support, or provide you with information about AccuBANKER, the product, or the product supplier.AccuBANKER may transfer the information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which AccuBANKER participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of AccuBANKER’s assets.AccuBANKER aggregates statistics about the information that is collected and may share the aggregated statistics with third parties in order to improve and market our services. Aggregated statistics do not uniquely identify you.AccuBANKER will disclose all information of any type if AccuBANKER believes that AccuBANKER is required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority, or to prevent harm to yourself or others.Information protectionAccuBANKER employs both procedural and technological measures, consistent with the demands of customer service, to protect your information. Such measures are, within reason, designed to protect all the information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.AccuBANKER privacy policy changesAccuBANKER reserves the right to change this privacy policy, at will, without notice, and will post any revisions at www.accubanker.com on the AccuBANKER web site. AccuBANKER encourages you to review this privacy policy on a regular basis for any changes. Your use of the AccuBANKER web site will be subject to the then-current privacy policy.
x