https://www.vfc.com/privacy-requests
Privacy Requests
How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
For California and Nevada Residents
In accordance with the VF Corporation US Privacy Statement and applicable laws in the United States of America, this webpage has been created by VF Corporation to enable consumers who are residents of the states of California or Nevada (“you”) to make requests and exercise rights relating to your personal information that has been collected by VF Corporation and its subsidiaries and brands, which include Altra®, Ascend Natural®, Bulwark®, Dickies®, Eagle Creek®, Eastpak®, Horace Small®, Icebreaker®, JanSport®, Kipling®, Kodiak®, Liberty®, MakeIt®, Napapijri®, Red Kap®, Smartwool®, Terra®, The North Face®, Timberland®, Vans®, Walls®, and Workrite®. When we use the terms “we,” “us” and “our,” or similar terms, we are referring to VF Corporation and our subsidiaries.
Your Rights:
As a resident of California or Nevada, you have the right to instruct us not to sell your personal information.
As a California resident, you have the right to ask us to furnish you with the categories and/or specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collect information about you; the business or commercial purposes for collecting information about you; and the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information about you (or have shared in the prior 12 months), all as further described below.
You may exercise your privacy rights by completing this web form, or by one of the following alternative methods, if you prefer:
Call the VF North America Consumer Privacy Office's toll-free number: +1-877-709-1800; or
Send a completed (physical) copy of this form by mail directly to VF Corporation, Attn: NORA Privacy Office, 105 Corporate Center Blvd., Greensboro, NC, USA 27408.
Submit your request in person at one of our retail stores in California.
Please note that if you are a registered user of one of our websites or applications, you may immediately and directly access some of the information that we have collected about you by logging into your account on that website or mobile application and navigating to your account or your profile or the similar section of that website or application.  (Viewing your information through your account on our website or mobile application may not provide you with all of the information to which you are entitled as a resident of the State of California.) If you simply wish to opt-out of email marketing messages, you may do so by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link in any such message and following the prompts.  If you simply wish to opt-out of SMS (text) marketing messages, you may do so by following the instructions in any such message, or you may opt-out of all telemarketing calls and SMS (text) messages from all sources by signing up for the National Do Not Call Registry at www.donotcall.gov.
Please tell us whether you are a resident of California or Nevada by checking the appropriate box below:
I am a resident of the State of California
I am submitting this request on behalf of a resident of the State of California.
I am a resident of the State of Nevada.
I am not a resident of California or Nevada.
We are currently accepting all requests from residents of the State of California and opt out requests from residents of the State of Nevada. We are not able to accommodate requests from residents of other U.S. states at this time. If you would like to learn more about how VF handles consumers’ personal information, please read our Privacy Policy Statement at https://www.vfc.com/privacy-policy
Please identify yourself by completing all of the following fields:
It is important that you provide all of the information requested so that we can identify you, locate your information, and verify your identity. If you do not provide sufficient information, we may be unable to fulfill your request.
If you are submitting this request on behalf of another person, please provide information about the person on whose behalf you are submitting a request here. We will solicit information about you (as an authorized agent, parent, or guardian) further below.
First Name
Middle Name
Last Name
E-mail Address
Mailing Address (If you are a California or Nevada resident, but your mailing address is not in California or Nevada, please explain in the “Comments” section at the bottom of this form.)
Street Address
City
State
California
Nevada
Zip
Telephone Number (Please use the number(s) that you believe we have on file for you based on your last interaction with us.)
We will use this information to process your request, including to:
verify your identity, communicate with you, and to help us locate your personal information in our, or our service providers’, systems. We will not use it for any other purposes.
Please tell us which request you are making by selecting the appropriate box:
Request to Opt-Out (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
By selecting this option, you are instructing us not to sell your personal information to third parties. (Residents of California and Nevada may submit this request.)
Request to Opt-In
By selecting this option, you are giving your permission to
sell your personal information to third parties. (Residents of California and Nevada may submit this request.)
Request to Delete
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to delete your personal information from our records, and direct any of our service providers who have a copy of your personal information to delete your personal information from their records. (Please note that certain information, such as information necessary to complete a transaction, cannot be deleted, as described in the VF California Privacy Statement. Residents of California may submit this request.)
Requests to Know – You may make one or more types of Request to Know:
Request to Know – Categories of data collected
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to tell you the categories of personal information that have been collected about you. (Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Know – Categories of sources of data collected
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to tell you the categories of sources of personal information that have been collected about you. (“Categories of sources” means types of sources from which we collect personal information about consumers, including but not limited to, from the consumer directly, from government entities from which public records are obtained, and from consumer data resellers. Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Know – Purposes for data collected
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to tell you the business or commercial purposes for which your personal information has been collected. (Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Know – Categories of third parties
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to tell you the categories of third parties with whom your personal information has been sold or disclosed for a business purpose during the past 12 months. (Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Know – Categories of personal information sold
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to tell you the categories of personal information about you that have been sold or disclosed for a business purpose. (Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Know – Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to tell you the categories of personal information about you that have been disclosed for a business purpose. (Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Know – Purposes for data sale
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to tell you the business or commercial purposes for which your personal information has been sold. (Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Know – Specific pieces of data (data portability request)
By selecting this option, you are instructing us to provide you with the specific pieces of personal information that have been collected from you, in a readily-useable format. (*Residents of California may submit this request.)
Request to Opt-Out of Sharing for Third-Party Marketing (California Shine the Light Law Opt-Out)
Please do not disclose my personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. (Residents of California may submit this request.)
You may submit one request at a time, but you are free to make additional requests of a different type. Please understand that we are not able to fulfill a “Request to Know” of the same type more often than twice in any 12-month period.
Please tell us to which brand(s) your request relates.
Please tell us to which of the following brands your request relates. You may make a request that relates only to a specific brand, or to multiple brands, or to VF Corporation. If you select VF Corporation, we will also apply your request to the entire VF family of brands or divisions (“Affiliates”).
Altra®
Ascend Natural®
Bulwark®
Dickies®
Eagle Creek®
Eastpak®
Horace Small®
Icebreaker®
JanSport®
Kipling®
Kodiak®
Liberty®
MakeIt®
Napapijri®
Red Kap®
Smartwool®
Terra®
The North Face®
Timberland®
Vans®
VF Solutions®
Walls®
Workrite®
VF Corporation
Additional Information (Please Help Us Help You)
To help us identify you correctly and locate all relevant information about you in our systems, we request that you please tell us how you have interacted with VF Corporation or the subsidiaries in the past e.g., which brand you interacted with and how. (This is not a required field, and your request will not be rejected if you fail to provide this information.)
Comments
Requests on Behalf of Another Person
If you are submitting this request on behalf of another person who is a California resident, provide your full name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number here so that we can communicate with you. (You should provide the information about the person on whose behalf you are making the request in the preceding section, above.)
Your First Name
Your Middle Name
Your Last Name
Your E-mail Address
Your Mailing Address
Your Telephone Number
Please indicate the general nature of your authority to submit a request on behalf of another person by selecting the appropriate box:
I am the parent of a minor child on whose behalf this request is submitted.
I am the lawful guardian or custodian of the person on whose behalf this request is submitted.
I am the authorized agent of the person on whose behalf this request is submitted.
Other lawful basis of authority to submit a request on behalf of another person:
If you are submitting a request on behalf of another person, for the protection of the individual, and our other consumers, we will ask you to authenticate the request by verifying your identity and the identity of the person on whose behalf you are submitting the request. You will also be required to demonstrate your legal authority to act on behalf of that person. If you are an authorized agent, you may demonstrate your authority to act on behalf of a consumer by one of the following methods: a valid power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465; or other evidence of the lawful appointment of agency acceptable to us. If you are a parent or guardian, you may demonstrate your authority to act on behalf of your child (or the person in your care) by providing evidence acceptable to VF in the discretion of us.
When you receive a request from us to verify your authority to submit a request on behalf of another person, to verify your identity, or to verify the identity of the person on whose behalf you are submitting a request, please comply promptly. If you do not respond, or do not cooperate with our instructions, we will not be able to fulfill your request, and your request will be deemed abandoned.
Requests on Behalf of Household
If you are making a request on behalf of your entire household, please answer the questions in this section.
You must provide the full names of every other individual in your household here, separated by commas:
Please provide the physical address of your household
To make a Request to Know or Request to Delete relating to a household, you must either (a) submit a separate request on behalf of each individual member of your household, or (b) demonstrate your authority to act on behalf of each individual, as described above under the caption “Request on Behalf of Another Person”.)
Authenticating Your Request by Verifying Your Identity (California Only)
For your protection, and the protection of our other consumers, when you submit a Request to Know or a Request to Delete, you must authenticate the request by verifying your identity. (After all, when someone asks us for a copy of your personal information, or to delete your personal information, we want to be sure that person is really you!) We ask you to provide personal information to help us verify your identity, but we will use that information only for the purpose of verification; we will not use the additional personal information you provide for any other purpose. You must verify your identity in order for us to fulfil your Request to Know or your Request to Delete; however, you are not required to verify your identity if your only request is a Request to Opt-Out of the sale of your information or a Request to Opt-In to the sale of your information, or a Request to Opt Out of Sharing for Third Party Marketing.
The degree of proof required, and the type of information necessary to prove your identity, will vary depending upon the nature of the request and the sensitivity of the information. (For example, when we receive a request for specific pieces of a customer’s personal information, we will generally verify the identity of the requestor to a reasonably high degree of certainty, often by matching three or more data points provided by the requestor to data points that we have on record. By contrast, when we receive a request to know the categories of information collected about a customer, we will generally verify identity to a reasonable degree of certainty, often by matching two or more data points provided by the requestor to data points that we have on record. When we receive a request to delete personal information, we will generally verify identity to a reasonable degree of certainty, often by matching two or more data points provided by the requestor to data points that we have on record.)
We generally will offer more than one option for verifying your identity, including the following.
Identity Verification Option 1 (Verification by ID): Please complete this form, sign it, and send (i) the form and (ii) an image of your government-issued identification, to us by attaching the documents below. Please redact your Driver’s License Number, Passport Number, Social Security Number, or similar identification number, from the image before submitting it. (You may redact the ID number by covering it up before creating the image or by obscuring only that portion of the image.)
Identity Verification Option 2 (Verification In Person): You may also submit your request and verify your identity in person at one of our California retail locations.
We encourage you to verify your identity and provide (attach) the required documents when you submit a Request to Know or Request to Delete; however, you may verify your identity as a second step after you have submitted your request.
If you submit a Request to Know or Request to Delete without verifying your identity, upon receiving your request we will promptly ask you to verify your identity by providing the required documents via encrypted email or mail, as described in Option 1 above. Your decision to verify your identity as a separate step may delay the fulfillment of your request.
Promptly after receiving a valid and complete request, we will contact you by email (unless you request to be contacted by mail, below) if we need additional information or documentation to verify your identity so that we may fulfill your request. Please comply promptly with our attempts to verify your identity. If you do not respond, or do not cooperate with our instructions, we will not be able to fulfill your request, and your request will be deemed abandoned. If you are unable to comply with our instructions, please tell us and we will consider a reasonable accommodation for you.
Additional information About Your Privacy Rights and Our Procedures (California Only)
Timeframe for Fulfillment
We will take reasonable efforts to comply with your request within 45 days. If reasonably necessary, we may extend that timeframe by an additional period, which may be up to 45 additional days, and we will notify you if we do.
Method of Fulfillment
We will furnish information in response to valid, verified requests in a readily accessible format, and in most cases, we intend to utilize readable PDF (portable document format) file(s). You should be able to access the content within a PDF file using any number of common applications, including the free Adobe® Acrobat® Reader which is available for download directly from Adobe® here: https://get.adobe.com/reader/ (This is an external link to a third-party software developer’s website.) If you are unable to access PDF files, please tell us and we will consider a reasonable accommodation for you.
Limited Circumstances In Which A Request May Be Denied
There are limited circumstances in which a request may be denied in part or in whole, including the circumstances described in this section. We are not able to fulfill a request of the same type more than twice in any 12-month period (you may, however, make a request of a different type). If we determine that any consumer’s requests are unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either charge a reasonable fee or decline to fulfill the request. We are not required to delete personal information if we determine that the information is necessary to: (i) complete a transaction or perform a contract between us; (ii) ensure security; (iii) debug or repair errors; (iv) exercise a legal right; (v) comply with another law or a legal obligation; (vi) conduct research; (vii) enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with our consumer’s reasonable expectations; (viii) otherwise use the information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information; or (ix) as otherwise permitted by applicable law. We will not provide specific pieces of personal information if the disclosure creates a substantial, articulable, and unreasonable risk to the security of that personal information, a consumer’s account, or the security of VF. We will not disclose a consumer’s social security number, driver’s license number or other government-issued identification number, financial account number, any health insurance or medical identification number, an account password, or security questions and answers. If we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity, we will not comply with a request until further verification procedures are completed to authenticate the request. We may deny a request if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive to fulfill (e.g. repetitive, request for copies of same information etc.). We may deny a request if we or our service provider does not possess the requested personal information. We may deny a request if fulfilling the request is incompatible with our regulatory compliance obligations. We may deny a request if fulfilling the request would hinder our ability to establish a valid legal defense to an impending legal claim or, with respect to deletion requests, if the personal data is subject to a legal hold.
Correction of Your Personal Information
You may ask us to correct any inaccurate information about you. If you are a registered user of one of our websites or applications, you may make changes to certain information by logging into your account on that website or application and navigating to your account or your profile or the similar section of that website or application to update or correct your information directly. You may also ask us to correct or update any inaccurate information about you by using one of the communication methods described below (under the heading “Contact Us”), and we will exercise our discretion in responding to such requests. If we conclude that we have erroneous information about you, we may correct your information or, if after inquiring into the matter we conclude in our sole discretion that the information we have is correct, we will not be obligated to change the information in our files.
Accessibility
If you are unable to utilize this web form due to a disability and require a reasonable accommodation in order to exercise your rights, you may call the toll-free telephone number below, or send us a letter at the address below, to submit your request.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this web form or our process, you may reference our Privacy Policy Statement or you may contact us by telephone at +1-877-709-1800, by email or by mail at: VF Corporation, Attn: NORA Privacy Office, 105 Corporate Center Blvd., Greensboro, North Carolina, USA 27408. (You may not submit a Request to Know or Request to Delete via email; use this web form.)
Alternative Method of Communication
I prefer to be contacted by U.S. Mail rather than by email. I understand that the fulfillment of my request may be delayed as a result.
Submit Your Request
Attach Files
Please attach files verifying your identity. See the section captioned “Authenticating Your Request by Verifying Your Identity” for information regarding acceptable evidence of your identity. If you do not attach files verifying your identity, you will be asked to do so, via encrypted email or mail, before we can fulfill your request.
If you are submitting a request on behalf of another person, please attach documents showing your authority to act on behalf of another person, as well as documents verifying the identity of the person you purport to represent. See the section captioned “Requests on Behalf of Another Person” for information regarding acceptable documents.
ID Files
File size limit 10MB. Formats PDF, JPEG or PNG.
Click the button below labeled “Submit” to submit your request. This process will send a secure communication to the VF North America Privacy Office, which will confirm receipt of your request promptly. (Please remember to attach documentation verifying your identity and, if applicable, your authority to submit a request on behalf of another person; if you do not provide documentation to verify your identity, we will promptly ask you to do so, and we cannot fulfill your request until your identity has been verified.)
Submit
* You must be a resident of California or Nevada to submit this form. California residents are eligible to submit all requests described above using this form.
Nevada residents may submit a Request to Opt-Out (Do Not Sell My Personal Information) using this form.
Print This Form