http://www.numberten.com/privacy-policy
Expertise
Back
Commercial / Residential
Education / Recreation
Entertainment / Hospitality
Civic / Institutional
Workplace Design
Projects
Services
Back
Architecture
Interior Design
Planning
Sustainability
About
Back
Our Firm
Our Leadership Team
Publications
Testimonials
News
Social
Back
LinkedIn
Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Instagram
Blog
Contact
Back
Winnipeg
Victoria
Careers
Privacy Policy
SECTION 1 - OVERVIEW
Thank you for visiting the Number TEN website. Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our policy is to not collect any personal information when you visit our website unless you choose to make such information available to us through a contact form, a newsletter subscription form, or directly via email. We do collect information about the volume and timing of access to the site via the date, time and pages you visited while at the site, but this does not include personally identifiable information.
Number TEN collects and stores your email address from any communications that you may send to us. If your email indicates a requested response, we will use your email address to communicate with you.
Your name and email address will not be sold, rented or licensed to a third party, however, we will retain it for the purpose of distributing Number TEN information and/or upcoming events to you. Should you not wish to receive any of our information, please advise either in writing via our contact us form, via mail to our corporate office or via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
SECTION 2 - USE OF COOKIES
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for our company.
We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.
SECTION 3 - COOKIES OF THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS AND TRACKING
We use the services of other companies to optimize this website and our services. You will receive an overview of the services we use in the following section(s).
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, text files stored on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. Your IP address, which has been transmitted by Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use all functions of this website. Furthermore, you can prohibit Google from collecting and analyzing the cookie generated data about your use of the website (including your IP address) by clicking here or downloading and installing the browser plugin available here http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
If you visit this website using a mobile device (e.g. a smartphone or tablet), you can refuse the future use of Google Analytics via this link. By activating the link, we will put a cookie in your browser, which signals to us that we should prevent Google Analytics from using your device. Please keep in mind that you will have to repeat the refusal process if you remove the cookies from your browser
Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel
With your permission, this website utilizes the Conversion Tracking Pixel service of Facebook Inc. This tool allows us to follow the actions of users after they are redirected to a provider's website by clicking on a Facebook advertisement. We are thus able to record the efficacy of Facebook advertisements for statistical and market research purposes. The collected data remain anonymous. This means that we cannot see the personal data of any individual user. However, the collected data are saved and processed by Facebook. We are informing you on this matter according to our information at this time. Facebook is able to connect the data with your Facebook account and use the data for their own advertising purposes, in accordance with Facebook's Data Use Policy found under: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/. Facebook Conversion Tracking also allows Facebook and its partners to show you advertisements on and outside Facebook. In addition, a cookie will be saved onto your computer for these purposes.
Only users over 13 years of age may give their permission. Please click here if you would like to revoke your permission: https://www.facebook.com/ads/website_custom_audiences/.
Twitter Conversion Tracking
We use the Conversion Tracking service of Twitter Inc. This tracking records if a user of this website clicks on a link posted by Twitter. In this way, both we and Twitter can see if a registration has taken place. The identity of the user remains anonymous. In addition, we use Twitter's Tailored Audiences service. This enables us to appeal to this website's users with targeted advertisements. To do this, Twitter uses a code snippet (tag) which we have integrated into this website. No personal data are collected during this process. Tailored Audiences is also used to create lookalike targeting lists.
You can find more information about Twitter's privacy policy in their data privacy statement (https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en). You can adjust your privacy settings for tailored advertisements at this link: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405-your-privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads. Twitter also supports “Do Not Track” (DNT). If you have activated this option in your browser, Twitter will not receive any browser-related information (browser cookie ID) from web partners in order to tailor their advertisements to you.
SECTION 3 - DISPLAY ADVERTISING
Google Analytics also collects data based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads from the Ad Settings page located at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/.
Data collected from Google’s Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data follows the outline described in Sections 1 & 2.
SECTION 4 - OPT OUT
Visitors may opt out of all Google Analytics tracking by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on located athttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
Further Information about Cookies
The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) is an industry body that develops standards and guidelines to support online business processes. It has produced a series of web pages that explain how cookies work and how they can be managed.
If you have questions concerning our privacy policy, please contact us to discuss them.
TERMS OF USE
NO WARRANTY
Number TEN attempts to provide accurate information on this website, but it assumes no responsibility for accuracy. Number TEN may change the information on the site, or the products or services mentioned, at any time without notice. Content on this site is provided “as is” and Number TEN disclaims all warranties, express or implied. This includes but is not limited to implied warranties of merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. It also includes any express or implied warranties arising from any course of dealing, usage or trade practice.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Number TEN is not liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the use of material on this site. This includes but is not limited to the loss of data or loss of profit, even if Number TEN was advised of the possibility of such damages.
CONTACT
Number TEN Architectural Group - WinnipegPhone: 204 942.0981e-mail:winnipeg@numberten.comNumber TEN Architectural Group - VictoriaPhone: 250 360.2106e-mail: victoria@numberten.com