http://www.sesloc.com/privacy-policy
Jump to Navigation
We use cookies to provide a better user experience, as explained in our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site, you agree to the placement of these cookies.
Search form
Search
Main menu
Join - Open an Account Now
Rates
AccountsChecking
Savings
Retirement
Wealth Management
eServices
Phone Teller
For Educators
Fee Schedules
LoansCOVID-19 Assistance
Vehicle Loans
Home Loans
Home Equity Line of Credit
Consumer Loans
Credit Cards
Sustainable Loans
Borrower Security
Auto & Home Insurance
Business ServicesCOVID-19 Business Assistance
Products and Services
Business Savings
Business Checking
Commercial Real Estate
Treasury Management
Business Lending
Business Services Rates
Member ResourcesEducation & Seminars
Financial Counseling
Money Coaches
Financial Calculators
Fraud Prevention
Credit Report Center
Insurance
Education Grants
Financial Scholars
Travel Center
Forms
About UsContact Us
How to Join
Employment
News & Events
Give Joy
Annual Report
Leadership
Contact
Branch Locations
COVID-19 UPDATE: See amended branch hours. Contact Center hours remain 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. M-F. Wait times may be longer than usual. Special Loan Assistance Programs are available for Consumer/Mortgage loans and for Businesses.
CCPA Privacy Policy
U.S. Consumer Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
California Consumer Privacy Policy
Last Updated and Effective: June 19, 2020
Your privacy is important to us.  This California Consumer Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how SESLOC Federal Credit Union (hereinafter “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, shares, uses, and protects your personal information through your online and offline interactions with us.
For California residents, this Privacy Policy is adopted in accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“CalOPPA”), and any terms defined in the CCPA and CalOPPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Policy.
“Personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, the following if it identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could be reasonably linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.
In the following instances, the rights and choices of the CCPA do not apply to you:
If you are not a California resident.
If we collected personal information covered by certain financial sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.  How we collect, share, use and protect your personal information covered under the GLBA is covered under our United States Consumer Privacy Policy.
Aggregate consumer information.
Deidentified personal information.
Publicly available information.
This Privacy Policy also includes references and links to our other privacy policies which serve different purposes under various laws and regulations that apply to us.
I. CATEGORIES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In the preceding 12-months, we have collected the following categories of personal information (please note that some categories overlap):
Category
Examples
A. Identifiers
A real name or alias; postal address; signature; home phone number or  mobile phone number; bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or other financial information; physical characteristics or description; email address; account name; Social Security number; driver's license number or state identification card number; passport number; or other similar identifiers.
B. Protected classification charactersitics under state or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
C. Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
D. Biometric information
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, or health data.
E. Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
F. Geolocation data
Physical location or movements.  For example, city, state, country, and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation; and, with your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings, and precise geolocation information from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices.
G. Sensory data
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
H. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history, performance evaluations, disciplinary records, workplace injury records, disability accommodations, and complaint records; Emergency contact information, such as the name, phone number, address and email address of another person in the context of having an emergency contact on file; Personal information necessary for us to collect and retain to administer benefits for you and another personal relating to you (e.g., your spouse, domestic partner, and dependents), such as their name, Social Security Number, date of birth, telephone number, email, and address.
II. CATEGORIES OF SOURCES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from one or more of the following categories of sources:
a. From You or Your Authorized Agent
We may collect information directly from you or your authorized agent.  For example, when you provide us your name and Social Security number to open an account and become a member.  We also collect information indirectly from you or your authorized agent.  For example, through information we collect from our members in the course of providing services to them.
b. From Our Website and Applications That You Access on Your Mobile Device
We collect certain information from your activity on our website, on our online channels and your use of applications on your mobile device.  We may collect your IP address, device and advertising identifiers, browser type, operating system, Internet service provider (“ISP”), pages that you visit before and after visiting our website, the date and time of your visit, information about the links you click and pages you view on our website, and other standard server log information.  We may also collect your mobile device’s GPS signal, or other information about nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
i.    The Role of Cookies and Other Online Tracking Technologies
We, or our service providers, and other companies we work with may deploy and use cookies, web beacons, local shared objects and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as fraud prevention and to promote our products and services to you. Some of these tracking tools may detect characteristics or settings of the specific device you use to access our online services.
“Cookies” are small amounts of data a website can send to a visitor’s web browser.  They are often stored on the device you are using to help track your areas of interest.  Cookies may also enable us or our service providers and other companies we work with to relate your use of our online services over time to customize your experience.  Most web browsers allow you to adjust your browser settings to decline or delete cookies, but doing so may degrade your experience with our online services.
Clear GIFs, pixel tags or web beacons—which are typically one-pixel, transparent images located on a webpage or in an email or other message—or similar technologies may be used on our sites and in some of our digital communications (such as email or other marketing messages).  They may also be used when you are served advertisements, or you otherwise interact with advertisements outside of our online services.  These are principally used to help recognize users, assess traffic patterns and measure site or campaign engagement.
“First party” cookies are stored by the domain (website) you are visiting directly.  They allow the website’s owner to collect analytics data, remember language settings, and perform useful functions that help provide a good experience.  “Third-party” cookies are created by domains other than the one you are visiting directly, hence the name third-party. They may be used for cross-site tracking, retargeting and ad-serving.  We also believe that cookies fall into the following general categories:
Essential Cookies: These cookies are technically necessary to provide website functionality.  They are a website’s basic form of memory, used to store the preferences selected by a user on a given site. As the name implies, they are essential to a website’s functionality and cannot be disabled by users. For example, an essential cookie may be used to prevent users from having to log in each time they visit a new page in the same session.
Performance and Function Cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of a website, but are not essential to its use. However, without these cookies, certain functions (like videos) may become unavailable.
Analytics and Customization Cookies: Analytics and customization cookies track user activity, so that website owners can better understand how their site is being accessed and used.
Advertising Cookies: Advertising cookies are used to customize a user’s ad experience on a website. Using the data collected from these cookies, websites can prevent the same ad from appearing again and again, remember user ad preferences, and tailor which ads appear based on a user’s online activities.
ii. Online Advertising & Online Behavioral Advertising
You may see advertisements when you use our online services.  These advertisements will be for our own products or services (including pre-screened offers of credit).  Which advertisements you see on our online services is often determined using the information we or our affiliates, service providers and other companies that we work with have about you, including information about your relationships with us (e.g., types of accounts held, transactional information, location of banking activity).  To that end, where permitted by applicable law, we may share with others the information we collect from and about you.
Online behavioral advertising (also known as “OBA” or “interest-based advertising”) refers to the practice of collecting information from a computer or device regarding a visitor’s web-browsing activities across non-affiliated websites over time in order to deliver advertisements that may be of interest to that visitor based on their browsing history.  The only information we will make available to our online advertising service providers is information that must be deidentified or aggregated information.  We do not engage in OBA with our online advertising service providers in such a manner that links your personal information to your individual identity as a particular consumer or to your household.
Our advertising service providers may deliver our advertisements to you on non-affiliated websites.  Such service providers control the manner in which the advertisements are delivered to you on such non-affiliated websites.  You should generally be able to opt-out of receiving such advertisements from the service provider responsible for delivering the advertisement.  Please contact us if you have any difficulty doing so.
c. Third-party service providers in connection with our services or our business purposes
We collect information from third-party service providers that interact with us in connection with the services we perform or for our operational purposes.  For example, a credit report we obtain from a credit bureau to evaluate a loan application.  Another example is a third-party service provider that provides us information to help us detect security incidents and fraudulent activity.
d.  Information we collect from third-parties for a commercial purpose
We collect information from third-parties for our commercial purposes.  We partner with a limited number of third-party analytics and advertising firms. These third parties may use cookies or code processed by your browser to collect public information about your visits to our and other websites in order to provide customized experiences, advertisements or services.  These parties may also collect information directly from you by contacting you telephonically, via email or through other communication channels.  We do not disclose any information about you to such third-parties except as permitted by applicable laws and regulations, and we require such third-parties to follow applicable laws and regulations when they collect information from you to transfer such information to us.
III.    HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use or disclose personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes:
To fulfill or meet the reason for which the information is provided.  For example, you apply for a loan, and we use the information in your loan application to give you the loan.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To evaluate your candidacy for employment or for an independent contractor engagement, and to administer employment-related benefits for you, your spouse or domestic partner, and your dependents.
To provide you with email alerts, event registrations or other notices concerning our products or services, or events or news, that may be of interest to you.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections.
To improve our website and present its contents to you.
For testing, research, analysis to improve our products and services and for developing new ones.
To protect the rights, property or safety of us, our employees, our members or others.
To detect security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
As described to you when collecting your personal information.
To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, in which personal information held by us is among the assets transferred.
We also use your personal information to advance our commercial or economic interests (“commercial purpose”), such as advertising our membership, products and services, or enabling or effecting, directly or indirectly, a commercial transaction.
IV.    SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION
We disclose your personal information to a third-parties for our business purposes.  The general categories of third-parties that we share with are as follows:
Our third-party service providers;
Our affiliated websites and businesses in an effort to bring you improved service across our family of products and services, when permissible under relevant laws and regulations
Other companies to bring you co-branded services, products or programs;
Third parties that help us advertise products, services or membership with us to you;
Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your personal information in connection with products or services we provide to you;
Third parties or affiliates in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a sale, consolidation or merger of our financial institution or affiliated business; and
Other third parties to comply with legal requirements such as the demands of applicable subpoenas and court orders; to verify or enforce our terms of use, our other rights, or other applicable policies; to address fraud, security or technical issues; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property or security of our customers or third parties.
In the preceding 12-months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose and, for each category, the following categories of third-parties with whom such personal information was shared:
Category of Personal Information
(Represented in alphabetical form from the categories listed in Section I)
Category of Third-Parties
(Represented in numerical form from the categories of third-parties identified in this Section IV)
A
1, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7
B
1, 3, 5, 6, 7
C
1, 3, 5, 6, 7
D
6, 7
E
1, 4, 6, 7
F
1, 4, 6, 7
G
1, 7
H
1, 6
V.    SELLING PERSONAL INFORMATION
It is not our policy to sell personal information and we have not done so in the preceding 12-months.
We do not have actual knowledge of selling personal information of minors under 16 years of age.
VI.    RIGHTS AND CHOICES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a California resident, this section describes your rights and choices regarding how we collect, share, use, and protect your personal information, how to exercise those rights, and limits and exceptions to your rights and choices under the CCPA.
a.    Exceptions
In the following instances, the rights and choices in this Section VI do not apply to you:
If you are not a California resident.
If we collected personal information covered by certain financial sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994.  How we collect, share, use and protect your personal information covered under the GLBA is covered under our United States Consumer Privacy Policy.
Aggregate consumer information.
Deidentified personal information.
Publicly available information.
b.    Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
If the above exceptions do not apply, and you have not made this request more than twice in a 12-month period, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months from the date we receive your request.  Once we receive and confirm your request and verify that the request is coming from you or someone authorized to make the request on your behalf, we will disclose to you or your representative:
The categories of personal information we collected about you.
The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
The categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed the category of personal information for a business or commercial purpose.
The business or commercial purpose for which we sold or disclosed the category of personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you in a form that you can take with you (also called a “data portability request”).
c.    Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions.  Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.  We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity.
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the businesses’ deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
d.    Exercising Access, Data Portability, Deletion and Correction Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, a consumer or a consumer’s authorized agent may submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
Calling us at 888-777-4986
Visiting www.sesloc.org
Visiting one of our branch locations.
In order to verify your identity in connection with a request, we will require you to provide us with your name, address, and other information about you, your accounts, or transactions that we can use to match with the information we have on file.  The amount and type of information we request may vary depending on the sensitivity of personal information covered by the request.  We may also require you to give us a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is covered by the request.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.  Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us.  We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
An authorized agent is any person or legal entity registered with the California Secretary of State that you have authorized to act on your behalf.  If we receive a request through your authorized agent, we may require:
Submission of a written document signed by you with your permission for the authorized agent to submit a verifiable request on your behalf and require the authorized agent to verify its own identity to us; or
You to directly verify with us that you have provided the authorized agent to submit the request.
We will not require either of the above if your authorized agent provides a copy of a power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465 and we are able to verify authorized agent’s identity.
We will deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf and cannot verify their own identity to us.
e.    Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.  Our response may be done in the form of mailing or delivered to you electronically, and the method of the response will consider the contact information provided to us which may differ for members or non-members.
Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.   The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.  For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request.
f.    Right of Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights in this Privacy Policy and under applicable laws.  Unless permitted by law, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
VII.    DO NOT TRACK (“DNT”) SIGNALS
We honor web browser DNT signals. You may elect to set your web browser to inform you when cookies are set, prevent them from being set, or enable your web browser's DNT signal or similar mechanism.
VIII.    CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time.  When we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
IX.    CHILDREN’S ONLINE INFORMATION PRIVACY
Our website is not intended for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personally identifiable information from our website about children under the age of 13 without parental consent. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the Federal Trade Commission website: www.ftc.gov.
X.    LINKING TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
We may provide links to websites that are owned or operated by other companies ("third-party websites").  When you use a link online to visit a third-party website, you will be subject to that website’s privacy and security practices, which may differ from ours. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy, terms of use and security practices of the linked third-party website before providing any information on that website.  We are not responsible for the third-party website’s use, collection, sale or sharing of your personal information.
XI.    SECURITY
We use reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to protect and limit access to personal information.  This includes device safeguards and secured files and buildings.
Please note that information you send to us electronically may not be secure when it is transmitted to us.  We recommend that you do not use unsecure channels to communicate sensitive or confidential information (such as your Social Security number) to us.
XII.    CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your personal information, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights please do not hesitate to contact us at:
Phone:         888-777-4986
Website:    www.sesloc.org
Email:        info@sesloc.org
Mail:        Attn: CCPA Request
SESLOC FCU
P.O. Box 5360
San Luis Obispo, CA 93403-5360
"I’ve banked at SESLOC for at least 20 years and always received excellent service."
— Nancy C.
"Professional, friendly service with a personal touch. Great alternative to big corporate banks that profess to also be “people” but don’t remind you of any person that ever cared about you in the least."
— Shawn B.
"Quick and efficient! I’m always in a rush so I love that I’m able to get in and out."
— Cynthia W.
"Great service and friendly people. Always there to help with financial advice and explain the details. The best place to bank and the safest place to put your money."
— Kathy H.
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Low banking fees and got a great interest rate on my used car loan."
— Christie M.
1
3
2
4
5
1
3
2
4
5
See More Reviews
»