http://www.hermanconsulting.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you fill out a form on our site.
When requesting services or otherwise contacting us via an online form, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number and details of your request, question or comment.
You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We do not collect and log your IP address.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in any of the following ways:
To personalize your experience.
(Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.)
To improve our website.
(We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from visitors.)
To improve service to our clients.
(Your information helps us to more effectively respond to the requests and needs of actual and prospective clients.)
To answer any questions you may have.
To process transactions.
To develop and/or inform you of additional products or services we believe may be of interest to you.
However, you may opt out from receiving any such communications, or any other communications, from us by emailing us your preferences.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred or given to any third party for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the services you request.
How do we protect your information?
We use a secure server for any payment transactions.
All supplied payment information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights, and who are required to keep the information confidential.
After a payment transaction, your private payment information (such as credit card information) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes.
(Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser, if you allow them, that enable the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
Cookies cannot obtain personally identifiable information such as your email address or any other information stored on your hard drive.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors.
These service providers are not permitted to use the cookie-related information collected on our behalf except in the ways described in this paragraph.
Do we disclose any of your information to outside parties?
No.
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe that is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our site policies or to protect our or others’ rights, property or safety.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act.
We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site Privacy Policy.
Contacting us
If you would like to contact us for additional information about our Privacy Policy, or for any reason relating to our site, we can be reached at info@hermanconsulting.com or by calling +1 415 296 0220.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This Policy was last modified on 4/1/2014.