https://www.coastalnets.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy policyc6vja2018-06-07T09:04:59+00:00
Our Privacy Policy
We’re committed to ensuring any data you share with us remains private and is never misused.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
We always try to protect your personal privacy and this privacy statement is here to help you understand what we may do with any information you tell us about. This privacy statement only relates to our website and does not extend to your use of the Internet outside of our website or to any websites that are linked to our website.
You can access our website home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data, but if you do give us your personal details, you are accepting these terms. If you do not agree with this privacy statement, do not give us your details. This privacy statement is part of our Terms and Conditions. We may need to update this privacy statement from time to time and when we do so we will place a notice on our website to let you know. You should regularly check this page to make sure you have read the most recent version.
In this privacy statement, we, us and our, refer to Coastal Nets Ltd registered in England & Wales, company no. 6448718. Our registered office is North Mills Trading Estate, Bridport, Dorset, DT6 3BE. Our registered VAT number is 453855720.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
If you do give us your details and then decide you do not want us to use your details anymore, you can unsubscribe by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any emails you receive from us, or by clicking here.
If you want to buy things from us, you will need to register on our site. Registration involves you giving us the following personal information:
Your title, name and address (including option to save different delivery addresses), contact phone number and email addresses.
Registration enables you to save baskets as wish lists and speeds up the ordering process. However, you do not have to register with us until you choose to order.
We also collect card payment details and other information that we need to process the online card payment correctly.
HOW WE WILL USE YOUR DETAILS
Our offers: Once you have purchased with us, we may send your details on promotional offers or latest company information.
We will never pass your details to other companies for marketing purposes.
When you register we will ask you if you wish to receive such information – if you do, simply tick the appropriate box. Alternatively you can always email us at admin@coastalnets.co.uk. Or by calling 01308 427885 with your details and mailing preferences. If you change your mind, you can let us know at any time.
We may also use your information to manage your purchases, such as sending a confirmation email, and process your card payments for goods you buy from us and also to deliver the goods to you, or we might give your details to our carrier if they deliver on our behalf. Your card details will only be shared with any third parties as is necessary to process your transaction. For example, banks and credit card companies that we need to contact to authorise and clear your card payment.
You can check any information that we are holding about you, or ask any questions about this privacy statement by emailing us on admin@coastalnets.co.uk.
We may also use the information to improve our website and personalise your experience when you visit our website. If we are sold or merged with another company we may transfer, sell or assign information about your relationship with us to third parties, including information that identifies you and other information concerning your relationship with us.
We may also record and monitor calls to us, to maintain customer service standards and assist staff training.
Additionally, we may ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes but you do not have to respond to them.
From time to time, our site may contain links to and from like-minded websites. If you follow a link to any of these sites, please note that these sites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their content.
Unless we are required to share your personal data by law, we will not otherwise share, sell or distribute any of the information you provide us without your consent.
HOW WE USE EMAIL
If you register to receive email, from time to time, we will send you news letter emails. These emails will inform you of our launch of new products, of special sales, or events taking place. You will not be “spammed” through having registered with Coastal Nets Ltd.
If you currently receive our emails and do not wish to continue receiving them, you may unsubscribe at any time, by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of the e-mail you’ve received or by emailing admin@coastalnets.co.uk. Alternatively simply call 01308 427885.
Please note: In order to process your purchases we will send you a confirmation email or we may contact you by email or telephone if we have questions about your order.
ABOUT COOKIES AND THE WAY WE USE THEM
In common with other websites, we do also use “cookies”.
A cookie is a small file that a Website puts on your hard drive so that it can remember something about you at a later time. Our online ordering system uses a cookie to record a unique reference on your computer so that we can keep track of your order and retain the contents in your shopping basket.
You can control the use of cookies on your computer and can turn them on or off at anytime. Please refer to your internet browser.
In order that we can monitor and improve the site we may gather certain information about you when you use it including details of your domain name and IP address, operating system, browser version and the Website that you visited prior to this site.
We do use Google Analytics to track visits to our web site and this uses cookies. However, this tracking uses IP anonymization so that no personally identifiable information will be recorded in this process.
Please note: We do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer.
You can control the use of cookies on your computer by either enabling or disabling them yourself. However, if you do turn cookies off you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. You can get more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All information that you supply us with is stored on our secured servers. Any payment details will be encrypted using SSL technology to try to prevent unauthorised access.
SECURITY
We take security seriously and we take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorised access by third parties.
CONTACT
Please feel free to contact us with any questions, comments or queries regarding this privacy policy. All questions should be directed to admin@coastalnets.co.uk. Alternatively simply call 01308 427885.
Due to the continued situation with Corona Virus, from tomorrow, Monday 23rd March we will be closing our premises to visitors. If you would like to place an order for collection please call ahead and we can get it prepared for you. We are more than happy to do this. Please Click This To DisappearCOVID 19 CUSTOMER UPDATE