http://www.swissmatic.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Swisssmatic Ltd, (“Swisssmatic”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“the Privacy Policy”) explains our data processing practices and your options with reference to the way your personal data is used..
If you have any requests concerning the use of your personal data or any queries with regard to our processing of it please contact us by e-mail: info@swissmatic.co.uk
By submitting your information to us and using the website at www.swissmatic.co.uk (“the Website”) you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy and to the use and processing of your information for the purposes set out in it. We may update the Privacy Policy at any time. The latest version of the Privacy Policy will be placed on the Website and you should always review the Privacy Policy prior to using the Website.
Information we collect
Swisssmatic collects the details provided by you at the point of your enquiry for our services. This may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number .
We also monitor customer traffic patterns on the Website and we monitor use of the Website which enables us to improve the service we provide to our customers via the Website. Like most websites, there is certain information that is automatically tracked including the website you came from, which website you go to next and any searches you have done. This information is used for internal purposes to monitor activity on the Website only. It is kept in a form that does not identify individuals and is deleted after 12 months.
Use of your information
Swisssmatic will use your information to personalise our service to you and to our other customers. We will use your contact details to communicate directly with you and we may use your information to send you details of any promotions or special offers, new services and news about Swisssmatic. We may contact you by post, telephone, fax or e-mail for these purposes. We like to hear from our customers and associates to help us improve our service and products. From time to time, we may contact you by post, telephone, fax or e-mail to ask your opinions. If you do not want to be contacted by post, telephone fax or e-mail for these purposes please contact us by e-mail at: info@swissmatic.co.uk
Do we share your information with others?
We may need to pass your information on to others for the sole purpose of being able to provide you with the services you have requested from us. By entering into an agreement with us to provide you with services, you consent to us passing on your details in this way. If you permit us to pass your information on to selected third parties (by indicating at the time of your initial enquiry with Swisssmatic) we may also occasionally pass your details to our other business associates, or other carefully selected organisations to enable you to receive details of promotions, products and services that may be of interest to you.
Swisssmatic reserves the right to pass any or all of your personal information to the police or any other relevant body for the purposes of crime detection or prevention or for any purpose associated with your misuse or suspected misuse of the Website or in relation to any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings.
Keeping your information up to date
We endeavour to keep all information we hold as accurate and up to date as possible. Should you need to notify us of any changes to the information you have previously given us, or you are aware of any inaccuracy in the information we hold on you, please notify us by e-mail at: info@swissmatic.co.uk or write to us at Swisssmatic Ltd., Canyon Road, Netherton Industrial Estate, Wishaw, ML2 0AR. We may contact you by telephone, e-mail or post periodically to check that the information we hold about you is correct and up to date. This is necessary to comply with our obligations under data protection legislation and by submitting your information to us you consent to us doing so.
How to stop receiving marketing information from us
If you wish to no longer receive marketing or market research communications from us you can write to us at: Swisssmatic Ltd., Canyon Road, Netherton Industrial Estate, Wishaw, ML2 0AR, or e-mail us at: info@swissmatic.co.uk indicating this. You will then receive no more communications from us.
If you would like us to remove your details from our system, please also contact us confirming this. This may not always be possible, we may have to retain your details for administrative purposes or to comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998. If it is not possible, we will explain why. If it is possible we will endeavour to do so within 48 hours but we will not be liable for any failure to meet this deadline.
Your rights to access your information
You have the right to request access to any personal data that we hold about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information Swisssmatic holds about you, please send a £10 fee and a written request to, Swisssmatic Ltd., Canyon Road, Netherton Industrial Estate, Wishaw, ML2 0AR, quoting: Security and Privacy Inquiry. We will send to you a copy of the personal data we hold about you or advise you why we are entitled to refuse to let you have access to such data.
Data Protection Legislation
Swisssmatic is a business registered with the Information Commissioner and complies with the Data Protection Act 1998 in respect of any personal data we hold.
Ownership of the Website
“Swisssmatic” is Swisssmatic Ltd, registered office, Canyon Road, Netherton Inductrial Estate, Wishaw, ML2 0AR Company registration No. 6450209.
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Swisssmatic Ltd website (“the Website”). By using the Website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use (“Terms”). Please review these Terms carefully. If you do not agree to these Terms you should not use the Website and should navigate away from the Website immediately.
The term “Swisssmatic”, “us” “we” and “our” refers to Swisssmatic Ltd, registered office, Canyon Road, Netherton Industrial Estate, Wishaw, ML2 0AR. Swisssmatic Ltd is the owner and operator of the Website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of the Website.
Acceptance of Agreement
The Terms constitute the entire and only agreement between Swisssmatic and you and supersede all prior agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to the Website, the content, products or services provided by or through the Website, and the subject matter of the Terms (though nothing in these Terms shall limit our liability for any misrepresentations which may constitute fraud). The Terms may be amended at any time by Swisssmatic without specific notice to you. The latest version of the Terms will be posted on the Website and you should always review the Terms prior to using the Website.
Privacy Policy
Swisssmatic are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. View our Privacy Policy to find out how we use the information collected through the Website.
The Privacy policy situated elsewhere on the Website together with any other terms and conditions of use or sale on the Website form part of the Terms and you should also familiarise yourself with them. By using the Website after the updated Terms and/or privacy policy have been placed on it you are deemed to have read and accepted the terms set out in those documents.
Copyright and Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights in the Website belong exclusively to Swisssmatic . Any trademarks on the Website belonging to a third party remain the property of that third party. The Website and its content (including without limitation the Website design, text, graphics and all software and source codes connected with the Website) are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights and laws. In accessing the Website you agree that you will access the contents solely for your personal, non-commercial use. None of the content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written consent of the owner. This excludes the downloading, copying and/or printing of pages of the Website for personal, non-commercial home use only.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Swisssmatic harmless from and against any breach by you of the Terms and any claim or demand brought against Swisssmatic by any third party arising out of your use of the Website, including without limitation, all claims, actions, proceedings, losses, liabilities, damages, costs, expenses (including reasonable legal costs and expenses) howsoever suffered or incurred by Swisssmatic in consequence of your breach of the Terms.
Disclaimer
Use of the Website is at your own risk. The Website is provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis without any representation or endorsement made and without any warranty of any kind whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, Swisssmatic will not be liable for any loss or damage whatsoever (including without limitation loss of business, opportunity data and/or profits) arising out of or in connection with your use of the Website. Swisssmatic makes no warranty that the Website will meet your requirements, that the content and/or the Website will be accurate or reliable, that the functionality of the Website will be uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be corrected or that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or anything else which may be harmful or destructive. You are strongly recommended to have appropriate virus screening software in place at all times and we can accept no liability for any losses or damage caused by any virus or other malicious code downloaded or passed from the Website.
Termination
Swisssmatic have the right to terminate your access to the Website at any time without notice for any reason including without limitation breach of these Terms. We may also at any time, at our sole discretion, discontinue the Website or any part thereof without prior notice and you agree that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Website for any reason.
Links to third party Websites
The Website may include links to third party websites that are controlled and maintained by others. Any link to another website is not an endorsement of that website and you acknowledge and agree that Swisssmatic is not responsible for the content or availability of any such website.
Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Scotland and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish courts. Whilst you may use and access the Website from any jurisdiction Swisssmatic accepts no liability for your use of the Website if you are resident outside UK and you hereby undertake by using the Website to comply with all local laws and regulations.