http://www.thepenninegroup.co.uk/terms
Terms of use
Welcome to the penni­ne­out­do­or­le­isure.­co.­uk  website terms and conditions for use. These terms and conditions apply to the use of this Website and by accessing this Website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions you may not use or access this Website. Before you place an order, if you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions please contact our Customer Service team by e-mail, or call us on 01254 386978 between 10.00am-4.00pm Monday to Thursday, and 10:00am-12:30pm on Friday. Calls may be recorded for quality monitoring and training purposes. Definitions
"Conditions" means these terms and conditions and the Special Conditions; "Product" means a product displayed for sale on the Website; "Product Description" means that part of the Website where certain terms and conditions in respect of the individual Product are provided; "Special Conditions" means the terms and conditions in the Product Description; "Users" means the users of the Website collectively; "Personal Information" means the details provided by you on registration; "We/us" means Pennine Outdoor Leisure Ltd; "Website" means the website located at www.­penni­ne­out­do­or­le­isure.­co.­uk or any subsequent URL which may replace it; "Cookies" means small text files which our Website places on your computer's hard drive to store information about your shopping session and to identify your computer; "United Kingdom" means England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Channel Islands; "You" means a user of this Website.
Use of the website, including 3rd party links and Recommendations Access You are provided with access to this Website in accordance with these Conditions and any orders placed by you must be placed strictly in accordance with these Conditions. Placing an order You warrant that:
The Personal Information which you are required to provide when placing the order is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and You will notify us immediately of any changes to the Personal Information by contacting Customer Service by e-mail sales@pennineoutdoorleisure.co.uk or calling us on 01254 386978. Between 10:00am-4:00pm Monday to Friday, and 10:00am-12:30pm on Friday.
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use. Indemnity You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of the Conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website, or the use by any other person accessing the Website using your shopping account and/or your Personal Information. Our rights We reserve the right to:
modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website; and/or Change the Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of the Website (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website.
Third party links To provide increased value to our Users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources Purchase of products Orders We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the website. Contract Creation The steps required to create a contract between you and us are as follows:
You place the order for your products on the website  by pressing the 'confirm my payment' button at the end of the check out process. We will send you an order confirmation email detailing the products you have purchased. Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the dispatch to you of the products ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order, or you have cancelled it.
Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:
The product you ordered being unavailable from stock. Our inability to obtain authorisation for your payment. The identification of a pricing or product description error.
The contract will be concluded in English. Contract cancellation under the Distance Selling Regulations. Please note that you are entitled to cancel the contract if you wish provided that you exercise this right and notify us no longer than 14 working days after the day on which you receive the products. If you wish to exercise your right to cancel the contract after your order has been dispatched, we will refund the original purchase price and, when charged, the cost of standard delivery, provided that you have notified us in no longer than 14 working days after the day on which you receive the products, and that you have taken reasonable care of the products and have not used them. We can deduct money from a refund where an item that has been returned appears to have been used. (Beyond handling) If the goods are not in a re-saleable condition, we reserve the right to refuse a refund, or deduct up to 20% of the purchase price from the refund amount. Please follow the steps set out in our Returns procedure. Returns Returning cancelled goods. Once you have notified us of your wish to cancel, we require you to return the goods to us at your own expense, as soon as possible, by;
Filling out our returns form and enclosing a copy along with the goods you wish to return. Failure to send a completed returns form will prevent us from identifying your order and processing accordingly. Return to our store, where we will be happy to refund or exchange your purchase as needed. The goods are returned at your own expense and risk. We recommend using a recorded delivery service or equivalent as we cannot accept responsibility for goods lost/damaged in transit, as the goods remain your risk until signed for by our goods-inward department.
If your item is excessively large or heavy we can arrange for a courier to collect it at a price which we will attempt to agree with you in advance. (As an indication collection charges vary between £25.00 to £45.00 but will not exceed £50.00, depending on the item).  All items being returned back to us must be boxed ready for collection, failure to do so, may result in a failed collection and additional costs may be applied. All collections will be made in advance between Monday to Friday.
You can post or courier the goods to the following address:
Pennine Outdoor Leisure Ltd
Chester St
Accrington
Lancashire
BB5 0SD Should you feel it necessary to return your goods back to us we will require you to complete our returns form and enclose it with your return.  Please email sales@pennineoutdoorleisure.co.uk to request a returns form. Once you have notified us of your wish to cancel, we will refund to you the price of the goods as soon as possible and, in any event within 30 days of the date of your order. Our preferred method of repayment is to credit the refund back to the original card with which you made the payment. If this method is not possible, please let us know how you require a refund to be made at the time that you notify us of your wish to cancel. Prices & VAT All prices quoted in our store and online are in pounds sterling and include VAT at the current rate charged in the UK, where appropriate. We make every effort to keep the prices up to date but we reserve the right to change prices at any time without notice. It may be that prices are incorrectly quoted or changed due to external circumstances. We have no statutory obligation to sell goods at the price quoted if that price is incorrect. Payment You can pay by Visa, Mastercard, Visa Debit. Your card details will be encrypted to minimise the possibility of unauthorised access or disclosure. Authority for payment must be given at the time of ordering. All orders are placed via a secure server. Privacy We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We will keep it on a secure server and we will fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place. When you shop on this Website, we will ask you to input and will collect Personal Information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information and a password. We may also collect, and our third party providers of advertisements and content may collect, information about where you are on the internet (e.g. the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website ("User Information"). We may collect this information even if you do not register with us. You should be aware that this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service, or be used to present you with Camping International products which are relevant to your browsing history when you visit other websites. We confirm that any Personal Information which you provide to us (or which is available on public registers) and any User Information from which we can identify you, is held in accordance with the registration we have with the Data Commissioner's Office. We use your information only for the following purposes:
Processing your orders; For statistical or survey purposes to improve this website and its services to you; To serve website content and advertisements to you; To administer this website; If you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you.
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003. Your Personal Information may be disclosed to reputable third parties who will help process your order. Pennine Outdoor Leisure Ltd requires all such third parties to treat your personal information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place. You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are entitled do so.
We use Cookies to keep track of your current shopping session to personalise your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping basket at any time - if you do not accept Cookies you will be unable to use this Website for shopping purposes, only for browsing and research. Questions regarding this Policy should be directed as follows: Pennine Outdoor Leisure Ltd
Chester St
Accrington
Lancashire
BB5 0SD Guarantee All our products are guaranteed against manufacturing defects for 12 months from date of purchase unless otherwise specified. If a fault occurs within the first 30 days on receipt of the product we will collect the goods and refund your money. After this period we shall arrange to have the item repaired or replaced after it has been inspected. Any delivery charges will be met after inspection of the item. The guarantee does not cover faults caused by accidents, neglect, misuse or general wear and tear. Fibreglass poles are considered consumable parts and are excluded from the manufacturers guarantee unless otherwise stated. Damaged or defective returns Fill in our Returns Form (Under the Returns section of our Terms)
If you wish to return goods which you believe are damaged or faulty, please telephone us on 01254 386978 between 10:00am-4:00pm Monday to Thursday, and 10:00am-12:30pm on Friday. We will discuss with you the best method of returning the item. Upon receipt by us of the goods, we will examine them for damage. If the fault is obvious and inherent, we will process the refund, repair or exchange, at your choice, within 30 days of receipt of the goods. If the fault is not obvious, we may need to return the goods to the supplier for testing, we normally expect a response from the supplier within 4 weeks. The following products that usually need to be examined by the supplier are; electrical or gas appliances, cabin and awnings.  In the event that the goods are found to be damaged or faulty we will either, refund to you the price you paid for the goods, plus the original delivery cost (if applicable) or, after consulting with you, have the product repaired and sent to you or if the product can’t be repaired a replacement sent to you. In the event that the fault or damage is not down to the manufacturing process, but to misuse or damage sustained after purchase, or subject to normal wear and tear, we will contact you to find out whether you wish the goods to be returned to you or repaired, if a repair is feasible. In these circumstances, both the cost of repair and return of the goods to you would be at your expense. If a refund is required, we will refund to you the price you paid for the goods, including the delivery charge (if applicable and returned within 30 days of receipt). Refunds will be made as soon as possible after receipt by us of the returned goods and, in any event, not later than 30 days after receipt of the order. We will apply the refund to the original card with which you bought the item(s). If this method is not reasonably possible, you will need to contact us by telephone on 01254 386978 or by email to sales@pennineoutdoorleisure.co.uk, to arrange an alternative method of repayment. This may cause a delay in repayment, but should not take longer than 28 days.
If an exchange of goods is required:
After receipt of the returned items we will send out to you, if possible, a replacement or an alternative product. If the new product is more expensive than the original product, the balance of the price owed to us, together with the delivery charge, will be charged to your original payment card, or an alternative card, details of which will have been provided by you, prior to dispatching the goods to you. If the new product is cheaper than the original product, we will give you a refund for the balance, less the cost of delivery of the new product. Please Note that we reserve the right not to refund or replace any returns, if you fail to provide us proof of purchase for the goods/return of goods which are faulty; or not of satisfactory quality; or not fit for purpose; or which do not correspond to their description.
Availability We aim to hold all items in stock, however, should an item be more popular than we expected, there may be occasional delays when ordering. If this does occur then an advice note will be attached with your invoice. Sometimes we may experience difficulties with the supply of certain products and may therefore provide a substitute of the same or better quality at no extra cost. Description of products Each product purchased is sold subject to its product description which sets out additional specific conditions related to that product including, without limitation, terms and conditions concerning estimated delivery dates and times, warranties, after-sales service and guarantees. We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of products appearing on the website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. Although we aim to keep the website as up to date as possible, the information including product descriptions appearing on this website at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place an order. Delivery For the purpose of deliveries, working days are defined as Monday to Friday, with the exception of Public Holidays. Our standard delivery prices only include delivery to UK mainland address. For any other address please contact our customer service team to get confirmation that we can deliver the goods and obtain a delivery cost before placing your order. We endeavour to despatch all orders within 1-3 working days but should we envisage a delay of more than 7 working days we will contact you. All goods are sent by courier and will require a signature, under no circumstances will goods be left unless signed for. In the event when a signature is unattainable after 2 attempts, the delivery address will be carded and a depot contact number supplied. We will not be responsible for any additional charges for failed delivery attempts. Where we can we like to save on packaging, if possible, orders with multiple items will be packed in the same box. Part Delivery/­Damaged Goods  All your goods should arrive in perfect condition; however, if you do receive any goods that appear to be faulty or damaged, we must be advised within 48 hours of receipt. We will do everything possible to ensure your delivery arrives on time and intact, we will not accept responsibility for any additional expenses incurred due to late or incomplete deliveries. Force Majeure We cannot be held liable for non performance of our obligations caused or resulting from industrial disputes or any other circumstances beyond reasonable control of the company such as acts of God including floods, fires, riots, civil unrest and legislation. If due to any such circumstances it becomes impossible within a reasonable time for us to supply part or all of the items ordered then the customer's liability will be limited to the value of the items already supplied together with any associate delivery charges. General Intellectual property and right to use You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors. You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may (if necessary to make a Purchase) download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content. Compliance with laws The Website may be used only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding the Website and any transactions conducted on or through the Website. Limitation of liability While we will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information we place on the Website, we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to its accuracy. The Website is provided on an "as is "and "as available" basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Website, or any transaction that may be conducted on or through the Website including but not limited to, implied warranties of non-infringement, compatibility, security, accuracy, conditions of completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade. We make no warranty that the Website will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the Website. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Products. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your Contract Cancellation Rights. We will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrep­res­en­ta­tions) or otherwise out of or in connection with the Conditions for:
any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or Any loss of goodwill or reputation; or Any special or indirect losses suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under the Conditions.
Nothing in the Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees. Severance If any part of the Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Conditions. Waiver No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision. Survival Each provision of the Conditions shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances. Entire agreement These Conditions govern our relationship with you. Any changes to these Conditions must be in writing and signed by both parties. In this way, we can avoid any problems surrounding what Pennine Outdoor Leisure and you are expected to do. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept the Conditions, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a term of these Conditions and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any representation. Your Statutory Rights are not affected by these terms and conditions. Nothing in this Clause shall limit or exclude our liability in respect of any fraudulent or negligent misrep­res­en­ta­tion whether or not such has become a term of the Conditions. Law The Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England. Customer Service/Contact We can be contacted by email at sales@pennineoutdoorleisure.co.uk or telephone on 01254 386978. We have a range of staff that are able to answer most questions including technical queries.  Pennine Outdoor Leisure Ltd
Chester St
Accrington
Lancashire
BB5 0SD VAT Registration No: 181 8843 76 Registered Office: Unit 2, Chester St, Accrington, Lancashire, BB5 0SD