http://www.cookfabrications.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
About Us.
Cook Fabrications Ltd is a highly regarded and well-established construction company specialising primarily in manufacturing and erecting metallic structures for the building and civil engineering industries. The majority of our clients are limited companies, therefore the only personal information processed is limited to a few clients who are sole traders, some private customers, staff, accounts and client contact lists. We employ up to 50 people at any one time, the majority of whom carry out engineering work either in our workshop or on our customers sites.
Our Commitment to Data Security.
Cook Fabrication Ltd are registered as a Data Controller, with the Information Commissioners Office registration number ZA322811.
Our company address is:
Broomfield Works
Fernfield Lane
Hawkinge
Folkestone
Kent CT18 7AW
Email info@cookfabrications.co.uk
Telephone no 01303 893011.
Our Finance Controller oversees matters relating to data protection on our behalf. We are also supported by qualified independent data protection specialists with BCS qualifications in Data Protection. These services include conducting independent audits and assisting with our policies and procedures.
The company providing this service is:
Ferguson West Ltd
6 Harvest Way
Hawkinge
Kent
CT 18 7PE.
Telephone No 07920 840782
www.fergusonwest.co.uk
Email, fergusonwestltd@sky.com
The purpose and grounds for processing personal information.
To assist us conduct our business we need to process personal data to enable us to maintain our accounts and records; advertise our services; provide financial service leads for our customers and clients and to support and manage our employees. We also process personal information using a CCTV system for crime prevention purposes also to safeguard the health and safety of our staff, customers and visitors. Signs are placed in prominent positions to indicate where they are in use.
The majority of our workforce do not routinely access personal information as part of their day to day work, this is restricted those who work in administrative or managerial positions.
Our lawful grounds for processing personal data is based on it being necessary for the legitimate interests of our business to enable us to provide a service to our customers and clients. Also, to enable us manage our staff. We ensure this does not override your own interests, rights or freedoms.
Working in the construction industry can be hazardous, to ensure the personal wellbeing of our staff who undertake this type of work we do collect some personal data that is sensitive in nature. This is necessary for us to meet our legal obligations in respect of Health and Safety legislation.
When registering with us as a customer the personal data we collect from you is kept to an absolute minimum to meet the purposes described above.
We do not share your personal information with others as part of our normal business activities. If asked to do so we would always seek your consent first. The only exception would be if lawfully requested to do so by a law enforcement authority, such as the police or HMRC.
We retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary which in most cases is no longer than seven years after which it is securely deleted or destroyed.
We do not transfer personal data to clients in other countries either within or outside of the European Economic Area.
Your Rights.
We acknowledge your right to request confirmation of any personal data we hold about you, your right to be provided with copies, also other rights such as a request for us rectify, to stop processing or remove your personal data from our data base. You can exercise these rights by contacting the company at its registered address, we may require further proof of your identity before acting upon your request.
You also have the right to complain to the regulatory body for the UK, the Information Commissioners Office, www.ico.org.uk if you believe we have breached the data protection act.
Explore Our SiteHomepage
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Vacancies
Contact
Get In Touch T: 01303 893011
F: 01303 893407
E: info@cookfabrications.co.uk
Address Broomfield Works,  Fernfield Lane,  Hawkinge
Folkestone
Kent
CT18 7AW
Site Map
Contact
Gallery
Homepage
Metalwork
Movies
Privacy Policy
Processing and Services
Steel Detailing
Structural Steelwork
Terms and Conditions
Testimonials
Vacancies
About Us
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Scroll to top