http://www.hcpro.com/about/privacy.cfm
HCPro
Store
About Us
Career Center
Share Your Expertise
Home
Username:
Change Category
Accreditation
Case Management
Corporate Compliance
Credentialing & Privileging
Executive Leadership
Health Information Management
Home Health & Hospice
Life Sciences
Long-Term Care
Managed Care
Marketing
Medical Staff
Medicare
Nursing
Physician Practice
Quality & Patient Safety
Residency
Revenue Cycle
Safety
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. General
HCPro respects the privacy of every individual who visits or is a member of HCPro.com. HCPro wants you to fully understand what information we gather from you, how that information is collected, how that information is used, and how you can control the collection and/or use of information about you. So please read this Policy carefully.
The Privacy Policy for HCPro.com (“Site”) constitutes a legal agreement between you and HCPro (“Agreement”).
We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time, without prior notice, which amendment(s) are to be fully effective upon posting on the Site.
By accessing the content and services made available on this Site (collectively “Services”), you are agreeing to all the terms and conditions of the Agreement, whether or not you register as a member of the Services.
Using the Services means you accept this Agreement as it appears at the time of your access.
We want and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy and other policies on a regular basis.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the HCPro.com Terms of Use.
2. Personally Identifiable Information
There are cases in which HCPro may ask you for personally identifiable information, such as your name, mailing address, and e-mail address (“Personally Identifiable Information”). For example, we request Personally Identifiable Information for online shopping or transactions or for other services that require registration or subscription. We may also collect information from e-mail, letters, or other correspondence that you send us. HCPro will not collect any Personally Identifiable Information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily, with the exception of your computer's IP address. The IP address is an identifier unique to each computer or Internet usage session.
When you do provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, HCPro may:
Store and process that information to enhance your experience with HCPro so that we provide a service that is relevant and easy to use;
Use that information to contact you for informational, marketing, and promotional purposes on behalf of HCPro and third parties, including such benefits as welcoming you back to HCPro.com or informing you of service enhancements or promotional items;
To the extent required to provide our services, share Personally Identifiable Information with any merchants that may offer their products and services through HCPro.com;
Share information about your product purchases through HCPro's with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, or other third parties;
Disclose that Information to third parties when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) HCPro's rights or property, other members or users of HCPro.com, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities; and
Disclose that information to third parties when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required by law or a court of competent jurisdiction; and
As HCPro continues to develop its business, we may sell or buy other businesses or assets. A buyer or successor will have access to our customer lists as this information is considered a transferable business asset.
Except as stated in this Policy, or as otherwise stated at the time that the Personally Identifiable Information is gathered, we will not provide Personally Identifiable Information to third parties.
HCPro is not a legal services provider and your use of the Site does not create an attorney/client or other confidential or privileged relationship.
HCPro may give you the opportunity to share materials (“Contributions”) through various forums and blogs that HCPro may make available through the Services.
If elect to submit Contributions, all portions of such Contributions will become publicly available and may be viewed by anyone.
Any Personally Identifiable Information that you elect to include as part of your Contributions will cease to be considered Personally Identifiable Information hereunder.
3. Nonpersonally Identifiable Information
HCPro may also collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information may include your age, gender, interests and preferences, the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the company or organizational Web site from which you linked to HCPro.com. HCPro may share this information with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, or other third parties. For example, HCPro may inform a sponsor that membership of HCMarketplace.com is x percent females and y percent males. This data is used to customize HCPro's content and advertising and to deliver better experience to our members and users.
4. Opting Out
From time to time, HCPro will send you e-mail newsletters, product announcements, surveys, or other information via e-mail. If you prefer not to receive any or all of these communications, you may opt out by following the directions provided within the e-mail newsletters and product announcements.
5. Children
HCPro.com is not directed to individuals under 13 years of age, and HCPro does not intend to collect any Personally Identifiable Information from such individuals.
If you are under 13 years of age, please do not attempt to use the Site or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 years may provide any personal information to or on the Site. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 years without verification of parental consent, then we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 years, please contact us at customerservice@hcpro.com.
6. Cookies
"Cookies" are electronic files stored on your hard drive. Cookies cannot read data off your hard drive; they store identification information about you. HCPro, like the operators of many other Web sites, uses the cookies to identify you when you visit HCPro.com. HCPro may also use the cookie to recognize you to help ensure the security of confidential information. HCPro uses the information from cookies to personalize services and determine the amount and type of traffic at HCPro.com. Cookies also provide us with information about your "clickstream"--the way that you navigate through HCPro.com so that we can better design HCPro.com for your use.
Most browsers allow you to disable or delete your cookies. HCPro would prefer to provide you with personalized services through cookies since not all services may be available to those who disable or delete cookies.
7. Links to Other Web Sites
HCPro may provide links to various other Web sites. HCPro assumes no responsibility for the information practices of sites that you are able to access through HCPro.com. These links to other sites do not imply any affiliation or endorsement of a linked site.
8. Security
The importance of security of all Personally Identifiable Information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. While we strive to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, HCPro can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your Personally Identifiable Information, we will take reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
9. Non-US User
The Services are hosted in the United States.
If you are accessing the Site from a jurisdiction with privacy laws or regulations that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Site and Services, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.
10. Who to Contact
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact HCPro's Customer Service Department by telephone at 800/650-6787 or e-mail via customerservice@hcpro.com.
About Us|
Blogs|
Press Releases|
Products|
Advertise|
Terms of Use|
Privacy|
Sitemap|
Reprints/Permissions|
Work for Us|
Partnerships
Contact Us
HCPro
35 Village Road, Suite 200,
Middleton, MA 01949 USA
P: 1.800.650.6787
F: 1.800.785.9212
*MAGNET™, MAGNET RECOGNITION PROGRAM®, and ANCC MAGNET RECOGNITION® are trademarks of the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC). The products and services of HCPro are neither sponsored nor endorsed by the ANCC. The acronym "MRP" is not a trademark of HCPro or its parent company.
Copyright © 2020 HCPro, a Simplify Compliance brand. All rights reserved.