https://www.evia.org.uk/privacy
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Members directory
Compliance / Regulation
Media
Market Data
Foreign Exchange
Contact
INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy explains how both the European Venues and Intermediaries Association and WMBA Limited (“EVIA”, “we”, “us” or “our”), a trade association whose main offices are at Warnford Court, 29 Throgmorton Street, London EC2N 2AT and a company set up by that association and with company number 06618351 collect information from you when you visit or register to use www.evia.org.uk or www.wmbaltd.com (collectively the “website”) and how this information is then used. If you have any questions about this statement or your personal information that we may collect from you, please contact us using the “Contacting Us” section below.
We are registered as a data controllers with the Information Commissioners Office (https://ico.org.uk) as follows;
Z1383991 - WMBA LimitedZ119300X - European Venues and Intermediaries Association
This Privacy Policy applies to you whether you use the website as a casual browser or have registered to use the website or have entered into a contract with EVIA in relation to the supply of specific services and/or products. In the event of any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the terms of a contract you have with EVIA, the relevant provision of that contract shall prevail to the extent of any inconsistency.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you provide us with
You may choose to provide us with personal data when we are in contact by phone, email, via our website or otherwise. The categories of personal data you provide includes:
first and last name
job title and company name
email address
phone number
postal address
marketing and communications data (includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences)
Information we collect online
We collect, store and use information about your visits to our website and about your computer, tablet, mobile or other device through which you access our website. This includes the following:
technical information, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider, device identifier, your login information, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and geographical location
information about your visits and use of the website, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our website, pages you viewed and searched for, page response times, length of visits to certain pages, referral source/exit pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs), and website navigation and search terms used
information collected by cookies on our website (for more information on cookies, please see the section on cookies below)
Sensitive personal data
We do not seek to collect sensitive (or special categories of) personal data. Sensitive personal data is defined by data protection laws to include personal data revealing a person’s racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or data concerning health.
Children
Our website is not intended for or directed at children under the age of 16 years and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children under this age.
HOW IT IS USED
Information provided by you
Information you provide to us is used to:
provide you with information and services that you request from us.
enforce the terms and conditions of any contracts entered into with you.
send you information regarding changes to our policies, other terms and conditions and other administrative information.
send you alerts, newsletters, bulletins, announcements, and other communications or notifications we believe may be of interest to you.
create statistical information concerning how the information on our website is used.
Legal basis for processing these categories of information are:
you have given your consent to us using your information as described in this notice.
the use is necessary to perform a contract between us or to take steps which you requested us to take before entering into a contract.
the use is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject.
we have a legitimate interest in understanding how the information on our website is used.
Information collected when you visit the website
Information automatically collected when you visit our website is used to:
administer our website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes)
improve our website to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer, mobile device or other item of hardware through which you access our website
keep our website safe and secure.
Legal basis for processing these categories of information are:
the use is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject
the use is necessary for the purposes of understanding visitors to our website which is in our legitimate interests.
The data that we collect from you will not be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA").
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you in a timely manner and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
We may employ the services of a third party to help us in certain areas, such as website hosting, marketing and market researching. In some cases, that third party may receive your information. However, at all times we will control and be responsible for the use of your information.
If you do not wish to provide us with your personal data and processing such information is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, we may not be able to perform our obligations under that contract.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use on this or within other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of EVIA, our Members, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Access the personal information we hold about you, this is commonly known as a Subject Access Request. If you would like to make a Subject Access Request, please do so in writing and send to us using the details set out in the "Contact Us" section below.
Withdraw your consent where you have given it to us to use your personal information for certain purposes. You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time by contacting us using the details set out in the "Contact Us" section. This will not affect the lawfulness of any use of your information that we make before you withdraw your consent.
Restrict the processing of your personal data to processing in certain circumstances.
Ask for the correction of any inaccurate or incomplete information.
Object to the processing of your personal information on the basis of our legitimate interests. Where you object on this ground, we shall no longer process your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling grounds which override your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
Require us to erase your personal information (“right to be forgotten”) if one of the following applies, unless it is necessary to use your personal information to comply with a legal obligation or to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim;
the information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we collected it
we need your consent to use the information and you withdraw your consent
you object to us using your information: for the purposes of understanding the visitors to the website and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing
we have used your information unlawfully
the information must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject
Port your personal information, where your personal data is processed by us with your consent or for the performance of a contract and when processing is carried out by automated means.
If your personal information changes, you should update it by using the "Edit Profile" section of our website. Or, if you want us to delete your registration you can contact us using the details set out in the "Contact Us" section.
HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your personal data will not be kept for longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed and for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use industry standard physical and procedural security measures to protect information, including encryption, firewalls, access controls, policies and other procedures to protect information from unauthorised access.
Where data processing is carried out on our behalf by a third party, we take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place to prevent unauthorised disclosure of personal data.
Whilst we use all reasonable endeavours to protect your security in the manner described above, we consider that it is only appropriate to advise users that data transmission over the Internet and the World Wide Web cannot always be guaranteed as 100% secure, and therefore that you use the website at your own risk.
In the event of a suspected data breach, we have procedures in place to deal with this and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where required to do so.
COOKIES
We use cookies for certain areas of our website.  Cookies are small text files that store information on your hard drive or browser that means that our website can recognise that you have visited our website before. Cookies make it easier for you to maintain your preferences on the website, and by monitoring and measuring usability of the website, we can tailor the website to optimise your experience.
Cookie Name:  CFGLOBALS, CFID, CFTOKENType:  First Party: our website onlyPurpose: Set by the web application server software to keep track of each complete visit to the website.  Used for login, mail script.
Cookie Name:  utma, utmb, utmc, utmzType: Third Party: Google AnalyticsPurpose: Anonymous cookies that monitor how the site is used by visitors.  Used by us to analyse usage and improve the website.  Includes number of visits to the website, where a visitor has come from and what pages are visited.  You can opt out of Google Analytics here.
Cookie Name:  SITEIDType: First Party: our website onlyPurpose: Records which of our websites a visitor has requested.
We do not use Flash/Flash cookies (also known as LSO's).
The above information is subject to constant review and is liable to change.
No information obtained from cookies will be used by us for marketing purposes.  We do recognise and understand that you can, should you choose, disable cookies on your browser and delete all cookies currently stored on your computer.  This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.  You can find out how to delete and block cookies for your particular browser by using the help function within your browser or by visiting http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html.
When you visit our site we may automatically log your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device. We will not use your IP address to identify you in any way. However, any activity we deem to be harmful to the website which can be attributed to a particular IP address may result in that IP address, or range of IP addresses, being prevented further access to the website.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
If we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, these changes will be detailed on this page to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed.
LINKS
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by the website. The website may contain links to other websites outside of the control of EVIA. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of such other websites and we would advise you to read the privacy statement of any website that collects personal information from you.
CONTACTING US
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy are welcomed and should be addressed to evia@evia.org.uk.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time with a supervisory authority. The supervisory authority in the UK is ICO who can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk.
Legal
| Privacy
2020 EVIA. Website by: Imaginit - Crawley