http://www.xpanxion.com/about/privacy-policy/
ALLOW COOKIES This website uses first party and third party cookies to improve your experience and anonymously track site visits. By visiting this website, you opt-in to the use of cookies.
Home
/
About Us
/
Privacy Policy
Xpanxion L.L.C. a UST Global Company is committed to earning your trust by respecting and protecting your privacy at all times. Any reference to Xpanxion is a reference to Xpanxion L.L.C., a UST Global company and Xpanxion International Private Limited. This Privacy Policy is intended for both Xpanxion L.L.C., a UST Global company, and Xpanxion International Private Limited. This Privacy Notice is intended to set out your rights and answer any queries you may have about your personal data. Our privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect and use personal information.
What personal information we collect?
Xpanxion receives Personal Data, including Sensitive Personal Data from and about you during the course of hiring and employing or engaging you.
Xpanxion may hold and process the following types of Personal Data about you:
Personal details
Name, address and contact information, date of birth, birthplace, gender,
Family composition
Career history
Curriculum Vitae (CVs), recruitment details and application forms, education and vocational training, language, and other job-related skills;
Financial details
Information regarding use of company resources.
The above list of Personal Data is non-exhaustive but illustrates examples of Personal Data that you may share with Xpanxion, or Xpanxion may acquire from you, in the course of your employment or engagement.
We also collect the following data about you, such as
When you visit our website
During events and trade shows
Conferences
Thought leadership and webinar invites
Product/service announcement/promotion
The sort of Personal Data we collect includes:
Name
Email address
IP address
Date or time you accessed or left the site
Pages you viewed
Work and home contact information,
Application form and references,
Correspondence with or about you.
Xpanxion collects “Personal Information” for specific and limited purposes. When Xpanxion, its clients or suppliers collect Personal Information, the individuals will be informed of these purposes, and they will be offered choices and means, if any, to limit the use and disclosure of that Personal Information. Xpanxion, its clients or suppliers will endeavor to provide such notices in clear and conspicuous language when individuals are first asked to provide Personal Information or as soon as practicable thereafter.
The Company may also collect “Other information” relating to your use of Xpanxion website through the use of various technologies including cookies, web beacons and web analytics tools. For more details on this please refer to our Cookie policy below.
From time to time, we may also collect information that pertains to you indirectly, through other sources such as listed vendors or customers. When we do so, we ask the vendors to confirm that the information was legally acquired, and we have the right to use it and our permitted uses.
How do we use your Personal Data and what is the legal basis for this use?
The processing of your Personal Data enables Xpanxion to perform its role as an employer and/or for the purposes of engaging you, including fulfilling its legal obligations under applicable laws and as necessary in connection with Xpanxion’s performance of its contractual and employment obligations to you. Without this information, it would not be possible for Xpanxion to perform its contract and/or legal obligations with you. Certain Personal Data is processed by Xpanxion for its legitimate business interests, including, but not limited to:
Maintain the ethics hotline (reports may be submitted anonymously)
Monitoring and auditing company functions
Annual employee certification
Office automation and collaboration
Making information available on the intranet and to facilitate communication between and among employees within Xpanxion
Internal Help Desk
Financial management
Responding to an incident
To comply with applicable laws and legal obligations, including without limitation
To respond to governmental inquiries or requests from public authorities
To comply with valid legal process or discovery obligations
Additionally, Xpanxion will process Personal Data according to our mutual employment contract for purposes of:
Recruiting and employee onboarding
To send you updates and or other informational mailings
To comply with any legal or regulatory requirements
To comply with any requirements under our agreements with our clients
We use the personal information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual and the client. Xpanxion will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
With whom and where we share your personal data?
Xpanxion may disclose and/or transfer your Personal Data to third parties for the purposes set out above. The parties to whom Xpanxion may disclose or otherwise transfer your Personal Data include:
Xpanxion’s affiliates and subsidiaries for purposes consistent with their legitimate business practices.
Third parties, including customers, auditors, accountants, attorneys, and other professional advisers and third-party companies to allow Xpanxion to comply with contractual statutory and other obligations, and for the proper management of its business.
Customer and Personal data may be shared between Xpanxion in the United States of America and Xpanxion International Private Limited in Pune, India. Customer data will only be transferred internationally per Customer’s utilization for our Cross-Sourcing model.
In the course of operating its business, Xpanxion may need to transfer Personal Data collected in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries outside the EEA which may not have laws offering the same level of protection for personal data as those inside the EEA. Xpanxion has taken steps to ensure adequate safeguards are adopted to safeguard such Personal Data. Xpanxion maintains appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorized or unlawful destruction use and against its accidental, loss, damage or destruction.
We may also use and / or share the personal information and other information with third & other parties as described below-
We may use the personal information and other information to solicit your feedback and / or to inform you about our products and services.
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.  Examples may include providing technical assistance, customer service, execution of subcontracted work, and assistance in background verification checks, recruitment, travel booking, visa processing, payment processing, employment & employment benefit processing for its employees and contractors, etc. These other companies will have access to the personal information and other information only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law and no other purpose. In addition, we will obtain assurances from our agents that they will safeguard the personal information and other information consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable law.  If we learn that an agent is using or disclosing personal information or other information in a manner contrary to this Privacy Policy, we will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such unauthorized use or disclosure.
In an ongoing effort to better understand visitors to our website and / or our products and services, we may analyze the other Information in aggregate form in order to operate, maintain, manage, and improve the website and / or our products and services. This aggregated information does not identify individuals personally. We may share this aggregated data with our affiliates, agents, and business partners. We may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our products and services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
To the extent permitted by law, we may also disclose the personal information and other information:
To government and regulatory agencies in connection with our seeking regulatory approval for our products and services;
In response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
If Xpanxion is acquired by or merged with another company, or;
It is necessary or advisable to protect the rights, property, or safety of Xpanxion or others.
We do not sell your personal information to other businesses or third parties.
How long will you keep my Personal Data?
Xpanxion will store and maintain your Personal Data for as long as necessary
For the purposes for which it was collected
To meet its current and future legal obligations, including in compliance with Xpanxion’s records retention policy
As permitted to meet its legitimate interests
Personal information of individuals, other than employees, would be retained for 10 years upon provision of a consensus.
Please note that you may have the right to request the correction or deletion of your Personal Data as explained below.
We shall retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in our Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or mandated by law.
Your rights in relation to your Personal Data
Subject to applicable exemptions, you have the right to:
Be informed about the Personal Data that is held about you by Xpanxion
Request access to or a copy of your Personal Data that is maintained by Xpanxion and be provided information in relation to that data (including the purposes for which the data is processed and how long it will be stored for)
Request that your Personal Data be corrected or deleted
Receive a copy of your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or to have your Personal Data sent to another entity
Restrict the processing of your Personal Data
Object to the processing of your Personal Data
Not to be subject to a decision which is based on automated processing or profiling that could result in a significant effect on you, such as discriminatory effects
File a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority for violations of data protection laws
You may make these requests by contacting us at  privacy@xpanxion.com
We acknowledge the individual’s right to access their Personal Data. We shall allow an individual access to their Personal Data and allow the individual to correct, amend or delete inaccurate information, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the privacy of the individual in the case in question or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated. Upon request, Xpanxion will grant individuals reasonable access to personal information that we and our agents hold about them. In certain cases, you may have the ability to view or edit your personal information online. In the event your information is not accessible online, and you wish to obtain a copy of particular information you provided to Xpanxion, or if you become aware the information is incorrect and you would like us to correct it, contact us.
Before Xpanxion is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. We will contact you within 30 days of your request.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing or subscription emails from Xpanxion, follow the unsubscribe instructions included at the bottom in each marketing email.
Xpanxion will offer an individual the opportunity to choose (opt-out) whether personally identifying information about them will be disclosed to a third party or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by them, unless such choice is not required by law.
Sale of Personal Information:
Sale of Personal Information is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) as “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to other business or third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration.”
California residents have the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information under the CCPA. As we do not sell personal information to any other business or third parties, we have not included a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on our website. If there are any changes in our processes, we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly.
International Transfers
You should note that Xpanxion is a global organization with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. As such, we may share information about you within our corporate group of companies and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business in connection with the uses identified above and in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy and our practices are designed to provide a globally consistent level of protection for personal information.
By using the website and by providing us personal information in any manner, you consent to this transfer and our use of the information and data provided by you in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
This website is not directed to children under the age of 18 (eighteen) and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18 (eighteen) on the website. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of eighteen on the website, we will delete the information from our records.
External Websites
To allow you to interact with other websites on which you may have accounts (such as Facebook and other social media sites) or join communities on such sites, we may provide links or embed third-party applications that allow you to login, post content or join communities from our websites. We may also provide you with general links to other external websites.
Xpanxion has no control over the privacy practices or the content of those websites and third-party applications, and is therefore not responsible for their content or their privacy policies. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites or links.
Anti-Spam Policy
Xpanxion recognizes the receipt, transmission or distribution of spam emails (unsolicited bulk emails) as a major concern and has taken reasonable measures, to minimize the transmission and effect of spam emails in its computing environment. Xpanxion reserves the right to reject and/or report any suspicious spam emails, to the authorities concerned, for necessary action, from time to time.
Information Security and Accuracy
We take commercially reasonable steps to protect the personal information and other information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Xpanxion has implemented physical, technical and administrative procedures which are designed to safeguard and secure such data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration or destruction. We also require that our suppliers protect such information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure.
Please understand, however, that no security system is impenetrable.  We cannot guarantee that the information that you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to and from us over the Internet. In particular, email sent to or from the website may not be secure and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
When acting as an agent processing personal data under the direction of its customers, Xpanxion adheres to the respective Data Privacy Laws. Likewise, Xpanxion ensures that its sub-processors also adhere to the same.
Cookie Policy
Following is the information about how Xpanxion, and all its affiliated companies use cookies and other similar technologies on the website.
By continuing to use our website, you agree that we can place cookies and other similar technologies like web beacons and web analytics on your devices, including mobile and other devices. By continuing to access this website, you agree that the following information may be collected: your unique device identifier, device IP address, browser type, information about your device’s operating system, mobile carrier, ISP, Geo location, access time and / or viewed pages within our website and your location information (to the extent permissible under applicable law).
What are cookies and similar technologies?
A cookie is a piece of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that identifies your computer / device. Cookies can measure website usage, allow for ease of navigation for the user, personalize a known visitor’s experience to a web site by being associated with profile information or user preferences. A web beacon / a web analytic tool allows a website to collect or transfer information such as whether or not a link has been accessed and what pages within the website have been visited. We may use tools like but not limited to, Google Analytics, LinkedIn Analytics, Mautic, etc.
Why and how does our website use cookies?
When you use and access our website, we may place cookie files in your web browser.
We use cookies and similar technologies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of our website, to provide analytics, to store your preferences and to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising.
Combining and analyzing personal data
The cookies we use don't collect information that personally identifies a visitor. However, we may combine data from publicly available sources, and from our different email, website, and personal interactions with you (this includes information collected across our different websites such as our careers and corporate sites and information collected when you sign-up or log on to our sites or connect to our sites using your social media credentials (such as LinkedIn). We combine this data to better assess your experience with our website and to perform the other activities described throughout our privacy policy.
We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts, if any.
Third party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties' cookies to report usage statistics of our website, deliver advertisements on and through our website, and so on.
How can you turn off cookies?
You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it or not. You can also generally set your browser to turn off cookies. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, it will have an impact on your user experience, as parts of our website may no longer work and / or you might not be able to use all of the features that we offer on our website. You can know more about managing cookies through by visiting the following websites:
All About Cookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
Network Advertising Initiative: https://www.networkadvertising.org/
Enforcement and Dispute Resolution
We use a self-assessment approach to assure compliance with this Privacy Policy and periodically verify that the policy is accurate, prominently displayed, completely accessible and implemented.
In order to comply with data privacy laws, Xpanxion commits to the resolution of complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information.
Updates to the Privacy Policy Statement and Notification of Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and we will notify you by revising the last updated date at the top of the policy. If we are going to use your personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we can use your personal information in such a way.
How to contact us?
Let us know if you have questions or complaints regarding this Personnel Privacy Statement or how Xpanxion processes your Personal Data.
Xpanxion will strive to respond to your questions or complaints.
Contact Person: Anil Lole
Contact Address: Xpanxion L.L.C., 333 North Point Center East, Suite 230, Alpharetta, GA 30022
Contact Email: privacy@xpanxion.com
Headquarters Address:
Xpanxion L.L.C.
333 North Point Center East
Suite 230, Alpharetta, GA 30022
1.877.867.0770