https://www.dianasbananas.com/legal/
Effective date: August 25th, 2009Last updated: September 22, 2020LegalThis website is owned and operated by Diana’s Bananas, Inc. (“DBI”). Here at DBI, we recognize that many visitors to our site are concerned about the information they provide to us, and how we treat that information. So we’ve developed this Privacy Policy to address those concerns. We may update this Policy from time to time, so please check in occasionally.Types Of Information We CollectAt our site, we collect both personally-identifiable information and aggregate information. Personally-identifiable information relates to an individual consumer – e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, etc. We only collect personally-identifiable information from individuals who provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly, such as by registering at our site, or by providing name and address information and requesting follow-up contacts from us. We don’t require you to register or provide this information to us in order to view our site or have access to its content. Aggregate information relates to such things as how many consumers visit the site, which pages they access, what information they download, the type of web browser and operating system you use, the name of your Internet Service Provider (e.g., America Online), and so on. When you visit our site, we automatically collect this information, and combine it with similar information collected about all other visitors. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our website to our visitors.How Information Is CollectedAs we noted above, personally-identifiable information is collected from you directly and with your knowledge. Thus, when you register on the site, we collect the information you provide. When you enter a promotion, we collect the information needed for you to participate and for us to fulfill our obligations to you. When you e-mail us, we collect the e-mail address you supply, so that we can respond. We also collect aggregate, non-personal information on an ongoing basis when you view our website. The collection of this non-personal information is done either through “cookie” technology or with “web beacons” (also called ‘single-pixel gifs’), as explained below. Privacy PolicyHow We Use Your Personal InformationIf you specifically agreed to follow-up contacts by us or asked to be put on our mailing list when you registered, we may contact you from time to time. For example, we may send you marketing or promotion materials; we may respond to your comments or requests for information; or we may contact you if needed in the course of processing a product or service you requested through our website. In the e-mail section of our site, we ask for some personally-identifiable information, such as your name and phone number. We use this information only if we need to contact you directly because our attempts to contact you by e-mail were unsuccessful. We don’t use your e-mail address for any purpose other than responding to the message you’ve sent, unless we have your permission. We also use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; to statistically analyze website usage; and to improve our features and content. We may also use your personal information to deliver content that is customized to your interests as we best understand them from the information you’ve provided to us and your activities on the site. This customized content may include such things as recipes, banners, product information, and promotions. We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may combine non-personal information collected automatically (through cookies) with your previously submitted personal information. DBI’s primary goal in collecting personal information is to give you a meaningful and customized experience while you are using our websites and interactive banner ads.Third Parties Who Provide Support Services To DBIIn the course of doing business, we employ other companies and individuals to perform a variety of functions on our behalf. For example, we hire agencies to help administer consumer promotions, to analyze data, to fulfill orders you place, and to provide customer service. These agents may have access to personal information if it is needed to perform their functions for DBI; however, they are prohibited from using it for other purposes and they are required to maintain the information in confidence. We require agencies/partners to sign Non Disclosure Agreements prior to working with us.Data Sharing And TransferWe do not sell, transfer, or disclose the personally-identifiable information we gather at our website to third parties without your prior consent. There are only two exceptions to this rule: (1) We will disclose information in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to prevent a crime or an injury to ourselves or third parties; and (2) We disclose information to third parties who provide support services to us, as described above. There may be times when we share aggregate information about our visitors (for example, the percentage of male and female visitors to our site) with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising of our site for our users. We may also aggregate data from web log files (such as your web browser, operating system, pages visited, etc.) to understand how users navigate the site and what features are most popular.Links To Other SitesDBI does its best to make sure that every link on our website sends you to a helpful place on the Internet. However, websites and addresses change quickly, and DBI cannot guarantee the content of every site to which we provide a link. In addition, different websites have different privacy policies. You should always check the privacy policy of the specific site you’re visiting to understand your rights. Terms & ConditionsChoice And ControlYou are ultimately in control of the personally-identifiable information you provide to us on our site. For example, you can always change your preference for follow-up contacts just by e-mailing the Online Team at the address listed below or by changing the information in Your Profile section of the site. Or, if you prefer, you can cancel your registration altogether and we will take prompt steps to remove your personally-identifiable information from our database. E-mail the Online team at the address listed below if you wish to take this action.Important Note To Young People, Children And KidsBefore providing your name, address, e-mail address, or any other personal information to anyone on the Internet, be sure to ask your parents if it’s OK.Children’s Privacy PolicyWe might permit a child to send us an e-mail. We will respond to or deliver these e-mails, but we do not store the names, e-mail addresses, or the e-mails themselves in our operational database. We do not maintain this information, nor do we share it with third parties (other than support service companies as described above).Under federal law, websites directed to children under 13 are prohibited from conditioning a child’s participation in an activity on the child’s disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to engage in the activity. We comply fully with this requirement. Upon proper identification, any parent can review any personal information we have collected from their child, if we are still maintaining the information in our operational database. They may also request that the information be deleted from our database, and refuse to permit further collection or use of their child’s information. If you are a parent and wish to exercise these rights, please contact the Online Team as described below.Updates To This Privacy NoticeWe may change or update portions of this Privacy Notice at any time and without prior notice to you. Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to the notice. We will indicate the notice’s effective date on the first page of the notice.How To Contact UsWe’ll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.Diana’s Bananas, Inc.2733 W. HarrisonChicago, IL 60612Contact usFacebookTwitterInstagram