https://www.extremetacticaldynamics.com/pages/return-policy/
Home
Return Policy
30 Day Return/Exchange Policy:
Extreme Tactical Dynamics offers a 30 Day Money Back Policy* for the return or exchange of products purchased on www.ExtremeTactialDynamics.com website.
The 30 day period starts on the day the item is received by the purchaser. This date will be known as delivery date and confirmed by the shipping services (USPS, UPS, FedEx, DHL) delivery confirmation or proof of delivery.
All returns and or exchanges must be authorized by Extreme Tactical Dynamics customer service personnel. We DO NOT authorize returns or exchanges over the phone. A email must be sent to contact us. You will receive a response back with return information including: RMA# (Return Merchandise Authorization number) and Return/Exchange form, within 48 business hours. The item must be Post Marked back to our warehouse within the 30 day time frame for a refund or exchange. No merchandise will be received by our warehouse without the proper RMA# and Return/Exchange form.
Returns for Refund or Exchange: Customer build items are not able to be returned or exchanged. All return or exchange items must be in original brand new condition. Items, Parts and Packaging must be in new condition to be accepted. If the item appears to be used , internal packaging opened, attempted to be installed, etc.. the return or exchange will be denied and the purchaser will need to pay postage to return the item back to the purchasers address. If the customer does not provide payment for return shipping within 30 days from the time it is received into our warehouse the item will be destroyed and Extreme Tactical Dynamics will not be held accountable to return any funds to the purchaser.
Return or Exchange items must be sent using a shipper with delivery confirmation or proof of delivery. The item must be packaged as to not be damaged in transit back to our warehouse. Damaged products returned for refund or exchange will be denied and the purchaser will need to pay for postage to return the item back to the purchasers address. If the customer does not provide payment for the return shipping within 30 days from the time it is received into our warehouse the item will be destroyed and Extreme Tactical Dynamics will not be held accountable to return any funds to the purchaser. We highly recommend when returning a product that the customer insures the package as the customer is responsible for the condition in which it is received.
Shipping costs of all returns or exchanges to and from Extreme Tactical will be the responsibility of the purchasing customer. If customer returns a item for refund the actual cost Extreme Tactical Dynamics incurred to originally ship the item to the customer will be deducted from the refund. Extreme Tactical Dynamics often subsidizes the shipping costs of product to our customers (example: A customer may have qualified for Free Shipping. If a item is returned for a refund and received subsidized shipping the actual cost Extreme Tactical Dynamics incurred to ship the product will be deducted from the refund). For exchanges the customer will be responsible to pay shipping back to the purchaser. This cost will not be the responsibility of Extreme Tactical Dynamics.
Items that are shipped to a customer and are refused or undeliverable will be provided a refunded or store credit (see cancellation policy) of the purchase product price minus the original shipping costs, and if applicable, any return shipping costs that were incurred by Extreme Tactical Dynamics from the shipper (USPS, UPS, FedEx, DHL).
All products returned for Exchange under the 30 day return/exchange policy are generally processed within 1-10 business days from the product return date into our facility. We do not exchange custom built products.
All products returned for Refund under the 30 day return/exchange policy will be refunded by the same method as original payment method only, no exceptions will be made (Example: If originally paid with credit card a refund will be applied to exact same credit card account only. Original payments with PayPal a refund will be applied to the exact same PayPal account only. Original payments by Cash, Money Order, Or Check will receive refund by Check only) We do not offer refunds or exchanges on custom built items, shipping costs incurred to Extreme Tactical Dynamics or replacement parts. Refunds are issued within 1-10 business days from the product return date into our facility. From the time we process your refund you financial institution may take 2-4 business days for funds to be available in your account due to bank processing time.
Beyond 30 Day Return Policy:
All returns for Refund exceeding the 30 day return/exchange policy and not exceeding 30 days from the original date of receipt to the purchaser will adhere to the same terms as the 30 day return/exchange policy listed above, however there will be an additional 25% restocking fee applied to any refund or store credit due.
All returns for Exchange exceeding the 30 day return/exchange policy and not exceeding 30 days from the original date of receipt to the purchaser will adhere to the same terms as the 30 day return/exchange policy listed above, however there will be an additional 10% restocking fee that applies to the exchange.
Extreme Tactical Dynamics will not accept any returns for refund or exchange under any circumstances exceeding 30 days from the original date of receipt to the purchaser.
Cancellations:
YOU HAVE 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE TO GET A REFUND.
All order cancellations must be done via email and sent to Accounting@ExtremeTacticalDynamics.com, so they are time stamped. All cancellation notifications must come from the original purchaser only and from the same email address that was provided in the original order to authenticate that the original purchaser is making the cancellation. No third party cancellations will be accepted. A order must be cancelled 24 hours prior to a shipping label being printed allowing time to pull the order and stop the shipment in progress. Custom orders can not be cancelled as they will have been submitted to manufacturing to build and we cannot recall the submission. A refund will be processed if it is requested within 30 days of purchase, No Exceptions will be made. After 30 days a store credit will be issued.
Price Adjustments:
Orders placed within 7 days of a price change are eligible to receive the price difference. This difference must be requested by the purchaser within 7 days of the price change, no exceptions will be allowed.
**This return policy is effective 05/09/2017 and supersedes any previous return policy offered by Extreme Tactical Dynamics.
×
I would like to receive communications about Extreme Tactical Dynamics products, services, promotions and events.
Email Address
Contact Information
Phone: 1-888-893-3308
Fax: 561-427-0974
Extreme Tactical Dynamics
1410 Park Lane South
Jupiter, Fl 33458
Office: 10am - 4pm Mon-Fri. Eastern
Policies & Information
Shipping Information
Return Policy
US Warranty
International Warranty
Customer Service
About Us
Government Purchase Orders
Knowledge Base
Blog
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions|Privacy Policy|Shipping Policy|Sitemap
© 2020 AspireSalesLLC, Extreme Tactical Dynamics.com. All Rights Reserved