http://www.sangamo.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
01527 515 150
sales@espuk.com
0
Products
by Brand
Round Pattern Time Switch
DIN & Panel
Powersaver
Choice
Accessories
Time Switches
Astro/Suntracker
3-Pin RPTS
NFC Contactless Switches
DIN-Rail Mounted
Panel/Surface Mounted
Heating Controls
Programmers
Thermostats
Wireless Thermostats
Immersion Controllers
Economy 7 Controllers
Refurbs & Spares
Refurbished Choice
Refurbished Powersaver
Refurbished DIN & Panel
Refurbished RPTS
RPTS Spares
Clearance Stock
Library
Blog
Contact Us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Sangamo!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Sangamo Ltd we are committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulations & the Data Protection Act 2018. This policy applies when we are acting as a controller of personal data that is where we have determined the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data. It applies where we process personal data relating to our existing customers & also prospective new customers.
If we make changes to this notice we will notify you by updating it on our website. Sangamo Ltd will be known as the ‘Data Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us and we will sometimes refer to ourselves in this notice as “we” or “us”. By Data Controller, this means Sangamo Ltd, who determines the purposes and way in which any personal data are, or will be processed.
We will process your contact details for the purposes of communication with you and ensuring any products or services exchanged between us satisfy agreed requirements and the regulations pertaining to maintaining records. The legal basis for this processing is that it is necessary to achieve our legitimate interest, namely the supply of our products and services and maintaining a business relationship with you and/or your employer.
We will retain any personal data collected from yourself whilst we are actively trading with yourselves or no more than 10 years after trading ceases unless we are instructed otherwise by your employer or yourself.
We will share your personal data within the Scolmore Group of companies only to the extent that the disclosure is reasonably necessary for the purposes of the supply of our products and services and maintaining a business relationship with you and/or your employer.
All of our customer data processing is in-house and is not transmitted in anyway outside of the European Union (EU).
As you are providing us with your personal data, it is important to us that you are aware of the following rights that you have in relation to our processing of that personal data.
You can be provided with a copy of any personal data concerning you that we process, unless that would affect the rights and freedoms of others. You can also be provided with information on how that personal data is processed by us.
You can have us rectify any personal data of yours that we hold that is inaccurate or incomplete. In certain circumstances, you can also ask us to erase or restrict the use of any of your personal data that we process.
You can object at any time to our processing of your personal data on grounds related to your particular situation.
You can object at any time to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
You can exercise any of the rights listed above by contacting us using the details at the bottom of this notice. If you are unhappy with any aspect of how we processed your personal data or your request to exercise a right, you can lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Sangamo Ltd is incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 4494864 and whose registered office is at Industrial Estate, Port Glasgow, Renfrewshire PA14 5XG. We are contactable by email at dpo@sangamo.co.uk
Policy last updated May 2018
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Privacy Policy - Sangamo Connect Android App
Description of the types of data collected by Sangamo Connect
Location
approximate location (network-based)
exact location (GPS and network-based)
Photos / Media / Files / Memory
Read contents of the memory
Change or delete the contents of the memory
Others
show network connections
connect to Bluetooth devices
access Bluetooth settings
full network access
control of near-field communication
Explanation of the purpose for which these data are collected
Location
Location data is used if the customer wants to transfer position data to the timer (e.g. Astro-function for the calculation of local data of the sun).
Data is only transferred if a project in the app is open and position method is set to be GPS.
Photos / Media / Files / Memory
The memory is accessed to save, modify, and delete project files.
Storage time
The data collected is stored permanently in the user's memory in the respective app-project.
No data will be transmitted to us.
Information about transmission to third parties and their purpose
No data will be transmitted to us or third parties.
Customer Service
Contact Us
About Us
Feedback
Shipping
Returns
Warranties & Guarantees
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sales & Customer Service
Elite Security Products Limited
Unit 7 Target Park, Shawbank Road, Redditch, Worcestershire B98 8YN
Phone: 01527 515 150
Email: sales@espuk.com
Refurbs & Spares
Sangamo Limited
Industrial Estate, Port Glasgow, Renfrewshire PA14 5XG
Phone: 01475 745 131
Email: enquiries@sangamo.co.uk
VAT No: GB 804 5673 30
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions. Any personal information we obtain is processed in accordance with the relevant Privacy Policy.
© 2020 Sangamo | Registered in England under company no. 4494864 |