http://www.epson.com/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Error While Adding
PRIVACY POLICY
Introduction
Overview
This
privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") applies only to Epson America,
Inc. and Epson Canada, Limited ("Epson," "we",
"our" or "us") websites where this Privacy Policy is
posted (collectively, the "Sites"); other interactive features
or downloads that are owned or controlled by Epson and made available
through the Sites or that interact with the Sites and post or link to this
Privacy Policy, or offline locations that makes this Privacy Policy
available to you (collectively, the “Service”). This Privacy Policy is
designed to provide information about our privacy and data collection
practices both online and offline, such as the types of information we
collect regarding visitors to the Sites. This Privacy Policy does not
cover any information collected at any other website (unless specifically
stated on the website).
By using the Site, Service, or
interacting with us offline, you agree to the Epson Terms of Use United States or Terms of Use Canada (as applicable) and consent to our
collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in
this Privacy Policy.
Please review this Privacy
Policy carefully. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy
Policy, or wish to exercise your rights and choices as
provided herein,  contact Epson's privacy
coordinator by following the instructions as provided in the Privacy Policy, filling
out our online
privacy feedback form, or sending a letter to
Epson America, Inc., Attn: Privacy Coordinator, 3131 Katella Avenue, Los Alamitos, CA 90720.
California Resident Disclaimer
If you are a
California resident, please see the “Additional Disclosures for California
Residents” section.
Information Collection
Information You Provide
Epson collects information about you when you use the
Site, our Service, or interact with us offline, including information you provide to Epson when you
register an account, update your profile, access our content, make a purchase, participate in a
promotion, contact customer support, or apply for a job. The
following are the categories of information we collect and have collected in
the last 12 months:
Contact
Data, including your first and last name, email
address, postal address, and phone number.
Account
Credentials, including your username, password, password
hints, and information for authentication and account access.
Demographic
Data, including your age, gender, marital status,
salary and country.
Billing
Data, including your payment instrument number (such as a credit or debit card
number), expiration date, and security code as necessary to process your
payments.
Profile
Data, including your interests, inferences, email
marketing settings, preferences and favorites.
Content, including content within any messages you send to us (such as feedback and questions
to customer support) or publicly post on the Service (such as in product
reviews or blog comments). We also collect content within any messages you
exchange with other users through the Service (such as if you use our chat
functionality), and we will never use or share such information for marketing
purposes.
Device
Data, including data about any device you register
with us, related product warranty information, and information relating to associated
claims.
Information
about others, including your personal contacts’ that you
voluntarily  send information to regarding products or
content offered by the Sites.
Job
Applicant Data, including your employment and
education history, transcript, writing samples, and references as necessary to
consider your job application for open positions.
Information you provide
may be requested and collected offline and at various locations and on various
forms on the Service, including, but not limited to: registration forms for newsletters
and other e-mail communications; registration for membership to the Service;
registration for participation in contests, sweepstakes, auctions, surveys or
other promotions that may be offered on the Service; when you submit an inquiry
via the Service; when you purchase a product from the Service; when you
register your product warranty information; or when you communicate or
otherwise interact with us via the Sites, our Service, or otherwise.
For more information
with respect to the Epson Site and the ability to customize account settings,
please see the section entitled “Epson Store” below.
You may always elect not
to submit voluntary information, however, as a result, you may not be able to
access certain of the Service's features and functionality.
Information Collected
Automatically
In addition, we
automatically collect information when you use the Site or Service. The
following categories of information we automatically collect and have collected
in the last 12 months:
Site/Service
Use Data,
including data about features you use, pages you visit, emails and
advertisements you view, products and services you view and purchase, the
time of day you browse, and your referring and exiting pages.
Device Data, including
data about the type of device or browser you use, your device’s operating
software, printing patterns, ink usage, your internet service provider,
your device’s regional and language settings, and device identifiers such
as IP address.
Location
Data, including
imprecise location data (such as location derived from an IP address or
data that indicates a city or postal code level) and, with your consent,
precise location data (such as latitude/longitude data).
Software
Downloads, including information about your usage of products we
have sold to you after you download software.
We use various current –
and later – developed tracking technologies to automatically collect information when you use the
Service, including the following:
Log
Files, which are files that record events that occur in
connection with your use of the Sites and Service.
Cookies, which are small
data files stored on your device that act as a unique tag to identify your
browser. We use two types of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate our website and expire when
you close your browser. Persistent cookies help with personalizing your
experience, remembering your preferences, and supporting security features.
Additionally, persistent cookies allow us to bring you advertising both on and
off the Service. Persistent cookies may remain on your device for extended
periods of time, and generally may be controlled through your browser settings.
To learn more about how we use cookies, please refer to our Consent Manager.
Pixels (also known as web
beacons), which is code embedded
in a website, video, email, or advertisement that sends information about your
use to a server. There are various types of pixels, including image pixels
(which are small graphic images) and JavaScript pixels (which contains
JavaScript code). When you access a website, video, email, or advertisement
that contains a pixel, the pixel may permit us or a separate entity to drop or
read cookies on your browser. Pixels are used in combination
with cookies to track activity by a particular browser on a particular device.
We may incorporate pixels from separate entities that allow us track our
conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the Service, and provide you
with additional functionality, such as the ability to connect our Service with
your social media account.
App Technologies, which
are technologies included in our apps that
are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser
settings. For example, our apps may include SDKs, which is code that sends information about your
use to a server. These SDKs allow us
track our conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the Service,
and provide you with additional functionality, such as the ability to
connect our Service with your social media account.
Location-Identifying
Technologies, which are technologies used to collect your location. For
example, GPS, WiFi, and Bluetooth may be used
to collect precise location data when you consent to precise location tracking
through our apps. Location
data may be used for purposes such
as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant
content and advertising based on that location.
For
further information on how we use tracking technologies for analytics and
advertising, and your rights and choices regarding them, see the “Analytics and
Advertising” and “Your Rights and Choices” sections below.
Information From Other Sources
We also collect
information from other sources. The following
categories are the types of sources we collect information from and have
collected from in the last 12 months:
Data brokers or resellers from
which we purchase data to supplement the data we collect.
Social networks when you
engage with our content, reference our Service, or grant us permission to
access information from the social networks.
Marketing Partners that
offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint
marketing activities.
Publicly-available sources,
including data in the public domain.
This Privacy Policy does
not cover any use of information that such party may have collected from you
(e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit,
page(s) visited) or the methods used by the party to collect that information
(e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs).
Use of Information
We
collect and use information for business and commercial purposes in accordance
with the practices
described in this Privacy Policy. Our business purposes for collecting and
using information,
including in the last 12 months, include to:
Operate and manage our Site and Service,
including your registration and account.
Perform services requested by
you, such as respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and
provide customer service.
Sending you technical notices, updates,
security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and
administrative messages.
Help you to track your ink usage and printing patterns.
Preventing and addressing fraud,
breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.
Monitoring and
analysing trends, usage, and activities.
Conducting research, including focus groups,
surveys and other forms of market research.
Improving the Service or other Company
websites, apps, marketing efforts, products and services.
Developing and sending you direct marketing,
including advertisements and communications about our and other entities’ products,
offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services.
Conducting product promotions, including
verifying your eligibility and delivering prizes in connection with your
entries.
Sending you advertising based on your interests as
reflected in your browsing of the Sites and use of the Service, and certain
third party sites participating in the same networks and exchanges.
Fulfilling obligations associated
with employment such as HR tasks and payroll.
Fulfilling any other business or
commercial purposes at your direction or with your notice and/or consent.
Notwithstanding
the above, we may use information that does not identify you (including information
that has been aggregated or de-identified) for any purpose except as prohibited
by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we
use information about you, please see the “Your Rights and Choices” section
below.
Sharing of Information
We share information we collect in
accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The types of entities to whom we disclose and have
shared information with in the last 12 months, include the following:
Service
Providers. We share information with entities that process
information on our behalf for our business purposes. Service providers assist
us with services such
as payment processing, data analytics, marketing and advertising, website
hosting, and technical support.
Vendors
and Other Parties. We share information with vendors for business
and commercial purposes, including analytics and advertising technology
companies. Vendors may act as our service providers, or in certain contexts,
independently decide how to process your information. For more information on
advertising and analytics, see the “Analytics and Advertising” section below.
Affiliates. We share
information with our related entities including our parent and sister companies
for business purposes such as customer support, marketing, and technical
operations. We also may share information with affiliates for commercial
purposes.
Customers. We share
information with our customers in connection with us processing information on
their behalf. For example, we share information with our customers in order to
facilitate your orders, maintain and administer your online accounts, respond
to your questions and comments, comply with your requests, market and advertise
to you, and otherwise comply with applicable law.
Partners. We share
information with our partners in connection with offering co-branded services,
selling or distributing our products, or engaging in joint marketing
activities. For example, we share information with our retailer partners for
purposes of providing you with product support.
Promotions. When you
voluntarily enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion, we share information
as set out in the official rules that govern the promotion as well as for
administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By
entering a promotion, you agree to the official rules that govern that
promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the
sponsor and/or other entities to use your name, voice and/or likeness in
advertising or marketing materials.
Public Forums. We share
information you make public through the Service, such as information in your
profile or that you post on public boards. Please think carefully before making
information public as you are solely responsible for any information you make
public. Once you have posted information, you may not be able to edit or delete
such information, subject to additional rights set out in the “Your Rights and
Choices” section below.
Merger or
Acquisition.
We share information in
connection with, or during negotiations of, any proposed or actual merger,
purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all
or any portion of our assets, or transfer of all or a portion of our business
to another business.
Security and Compelled Disclosure. We share information to comply with the law or other
legal process, and where required, in response to lawful requests by public
authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement
requirements. We also share information to protect the rights, property, life,
health, security and safety of us, the Service or anyone else.
Facilitating
Requests. We share information at your request or direction, such as when you choose to
share information with a social network about your activities on the Service.
Consent. We share information with notice to you and your consent.
Social
Media and Technology Integration
We offer parts of our Service through our Site,
as well as platforms, and services operated or controlled by separate entities.
In addition, we integrate technologies operated or controlled by separate
entities into parts of our Site and Service. Some examples include:
Links. Our Service includes links that hyperlink to
websites, platforms, and other services not operated or controlled by us. We
may get a commission if you purchase a product after clicking on a link to an
affiliate’s website.
Liking, Sharing, and Logging-In. We may embed a pixel or
SDK on our Service that allows you to “like” or “share” content on, or log-in
to your account through social media. If you choose to engage with such
integration, we may receive information from the social network that you have authorized
to share with us. Please note that the social network may independently collect
information about you through the integration.
Toolbars. If you download the Ask.com
Toolbar, Epson will receive analytical and other information about the fact
that you have installed the Toolbar, the number of times you use the Toolbar for searches, the type of
Toolbar you use, your geographic location and browser settings, and whether or
not you click on advertisements provided through the Ask.com Toolbar and
related search queries, for purposes of managing our commercial agreement with
APN, LLC. If you use an "InkFinder" or similar Epson application
through the Ask.com Toolbar, we will also receive analytical and other
information about your printer and ink for customer support purposes. Epson may
also use this information to market Epson products and services to you. This
Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that Ask.com itself may
collect from you by virtue of your downloading and/or use of the Ask.com
Toolbar or the methods used by Ask.com to collect that information. For more
information about Ask.com's privacy practices, see the Ask.com Privacy Policy, and Ask.com End User License
Agreement.
If you do not want Epson or Ask.com to collect information from you regarding
your use of the Ask.com Toolbar, you always have the option of not installing
the Toolbar or of uninstalling the Toolbar.
Please note that when you interact with other entities, including when
you leave our Service, those entities may
independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by those entities
remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information
they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and
whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to
familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
The Site utilizes the YouTube API to display videos and other information relevant to Epson's video content, and you are agreeing to be bound by the YouTube Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and API Services Terms of Service when engaging YouTube content and services through the Site. We take no responsibility for the privacy practices of third-party services and encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any third-party service you access.
Network Advertising and Retargeting
Epson participates in online advertising networks and exchanges that display
relevant advertisements to site visitors based on their interests as reflected
in their browsing of the Sites and certain third party sites participating in
the same networks and exchanges, including but not limited to networks and
exchanges operated by Yahoo/Bing, and Google (a current list is available on
request). These companies use cookies, web beacons, pixels and other similar
technologies to passively collect information from you which may be used to
tailor the advertising you see on the Site or elsewhere on the web. This means
that some information about your browsing of the Service and certain third
party sites may be shared with these companies for the purpose of delivering
ads to you on the Service and certain third party sites, and Epson may receive
from some of these companies information about third party sites that you have
visited. This information is used for marketing purposes and the practice is
sometimes termed "retargeting" to indicate that information from one
retailer is used to suggest to you relevant products offered by another
retailer.
This Privacy Policy does
not cover any use of information that such third parties themselves may have
collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day
and time of visit, page(s) visited) or the methods used by the third-parties to
collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs). You can
also learn more about opting out of network advertising retargeting below under
"Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising."
Your Rights and Choices
Account Information
You may access, update, or remove certain information that you
have provided to us through your account by visiting your account settings. Please note that
we will retain and use information about you as necessary to comply with our
legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Communications
Epson provides several
means for you to opt-out of receiving commercial e-mails from Epson. If you do
not wish to receive e-mail notices regarding our products or services, you may
opt-out at the time you provide your Personal Information to us. You may also
opt-out through any commercial e-mail you receive from Epson by selecting the
"unsubscribe" or similar option included with each e-mail. To opt-out
of direct mailings, we will provide you with a postage paid opt-out card with
any promotional offers we mail to you.
Please note that your
opt out is limited to the email address and device used and will not affect
subsequent subscriptions.
Tracking Technology
Choices
Cookies
and Pixels. Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can
instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies.
If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each
browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser
settings and limitations.
Do
Not Track. Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not
Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no industry
consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these
signals. Accordingly, unless and until the law is interpreted to require us to
do so, we do not monitor or take action with respect to “Do Not Track” signals.  For more information on “Do Not Track,” visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
App
and Location Technologies. You can stop all collection of
information via an app by uninstalling the app. You can also reset your device
Ad Id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you
to limit the use of information collected about you. You can stop all
collection of precise location data through an app by uninstalling the app or
withdrawing your consent through your device settings.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove tracking technologies some
parts of the Service may not function correctly.
Analytics and
Interest-Based Advertising
Google provides tools to allow you to
opt out of the use of certain information collected by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and by Google Analytics for Display
Advertising or the Google Display Network at https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/ .
The
companies we work with to provide you with targeted ads are required by us to
give you the choice to opt out of receiving targeted ads. Most of these
companies are participants of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”)
and/or the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about
the targeted ads provided by these companies, and how to opt out of receiving
certain targeted ads from them, please visit: (i) for website targeted ads from
DAA participants, https://www.aboutads.info/choices; (ii) for app targeted ads from DAA participants, https://www.aboutads.info/appchoices; and (iii) for targeted ads from NAI participants, https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Opting out
only means that the selected participants should no longer deliver certain
targeted ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted
content and/or ads (e.g., in connection with the participants’ other customers
or from other technology services).
You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your
mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your
device settings and selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out
of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices).
Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out
will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. We
are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt out
options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements
regarding their opt out options or programs.
Sweepstakes,
Contests and Promotions
Epson may offer
sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a "Promotion")
through the Sites that may require registration. By participating in a
Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that
govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you,
including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the
Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing
associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your
Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in
connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without
limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as
required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on a
winners list.
Children's
Privacy Protection
Epson is aware of the heightened need to protect the privacy of children under
the age of 13. The Sites are not intended for children and are not targeted to
children under the age of 13. Epson does not knowingly collect personal
information from children (as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection
Act, or “COPPA”). If we learn that we have collected personal information from
a child under the age of 13, we will delete this information. If you are a
parent or guardian and you believe we have collected personal information from
your child in a manner not permitted by law, contact us at privacy.compliance@ea.epson.com. We
will remove the personal information  to
the extent required by applicable laws.
We
do not knowingly “sell,” as that term is defined under the CCPA, the personal
information of minors under 16 years old who are
California residents.
If you are a California
resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, you can ask us
to remove any content or information you have posted on the Service. To make a
request, email us at contentremoval@ea.epson.com with “California Under 18 Content Removal Request” in the
subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable good
faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we
cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain
the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve
disputes, and enforce our agreements.
The Epson
Store
The Epson Store is a section of the Sites that allows you to purchase Epson
products online. The Epson Store is designed to give you options concerning the
privacy of your information. If you choose, you can set up an account, where
you will provide certain Personal Information. To protect your privacy, we have
designed the Epson Store to include certain steps to verify your identity
before granting you access or enabling you to make changes to your account.
After logging into your account, you will have access to your account
information and the ability to view, update or change it at any time. To access
your information, you will need to use a password. When purchasing products
from the Epson Store, the order form will also ask you to provide a daytime
telephone number. A telephone number is requested so we can quickly resolve
questions related to an order, such as to clarify customer orders or to notify
a customer of backorder status.
You also may choose to have Epson save your credit card information. We use
commercially reasonable security measures and retain card information for
payment processing purposes only. See the section below entitled
"Security" for further details. Because we know customers are
concerned about credit card security, Epson Store users have two choices when
purchasing from the Epson Store. You may either: (1) store your payment method in
your account profile, which is convenient because you will not need to re-enter
your number each time you place an order; or (2) elect not to store your payment
method in your account profile, which means you will be required to re-enter
your payment information each time you place an order through the Epson Store. If
you do choose to store your payment method, this information will be encrypted.
If at any time you would like to make a purchase but do not want to provide
your credit card information online, you may also place your order by
contacting an Epson Store sales representative by telephone at 800-873-7766.
Data
Security
Epson takes commercially
reasonable steps to help protect and secure Personal Information. However, no
data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic
storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we
cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect, and you
use our Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.
Disability Accommodations
If you have a disability and would like to access this Privacy Policy in an alternative format, please contact us at privacy.contact@ea.epson.com.
Data Subject in European
Economic Area Consent to Transfer Information
This Privacy Policy is
intended to apply to the collection and processing of personal information from
customers and individuals in the United States and Canada. It does not apply to
websites managed or operated by other Epson entities, such as Epson Electronics
and Epson Research and Development, or websites in other countries operated by
other Epson entities, including in the European Union. If Epson receives and
becomes aware of any personal information of a customer or individual in the
European Union, such information will be forwarded to the appropriate Epson
entity for processing in accordance with their privacy policy and the General
Data Protection Regulation as applicable, and will not be retained by Epson
America, Inc. or Epson Canada, Limited.
Epson America, Inc.
Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European
Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States and are accessing Epson
America, Inc. Sites, please be aware that information we collect, including
Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the
United States and, as such, courts and other authorities in the United States
may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your Personal Information.
By using the Epson America, Inc. Sites or providing us with any information
through the Epson America, Inc. Sites, you consent to this transfer, processing
and storage of your information in the United States.
Epson Canada, Limited Sites are operated in Canada. Please be aware that if you
are accessing Epson Canada, Limited Sites the information we collect, including
Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the
United States, Canada, or Japan. We or one of our affiliates or an unaffiliated
service provider may process and store your Personal Information outside of the
province or jurisdiction in which you reside and/or outside of Canada and, as
such, courts and other authorities in those other provinces or foreign
jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your
Personal Information. By using the Epson Canada, Limited Sites or providing us
with any information through the Epson Canada, Limited Sites, you consent to
this transfer, processing and storage of your information in and/or outside of
Canada. For more information about our policies and practices related to the
use of foreign service providers, please contact our Privacy Coordinator as
described below.
As noted above, the Sites and Service are not intended for customers or
individuals outside of the United States or Canada. If you are a customer or an
individual in the European Union, you should direct your inquiries to websites
operated by other Epson entities in that jurisdiction. If Epson receives and
becomes aware of any personal information of a customer or an individual in the
European Union, such information will be forwarded to the appropriate Epson
entity for processing in accordance with their privacy policy and the General
Data Protection Regulation as applicable, and will not be retained by Epson
America, Inc. or Epson Canada, Limited.
Changes to this Policy
Epson may from time to time and without prior notice revise this Privacy Policy.
Any changes will be effective immediately when the revised policy is posted on
the Sites. We will not, however, use your Personal Information in a manner
materially different than what was stated in the policy posted on the Sites at
the time your Personal Information was collected unless we receive your
consent.
Contacting
Us
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, our practices, or your
dealings with the Sites, wish to request access to or correction or update of
your Personal Information, wish to withdraw your consent (subject to legal or
contractual restrictions and reasonable notice), or you have reason to believe
Epson may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by email or by writing to:
Epson America, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Coordinator
3131 Katella Avenue
Los Alamitos, CA 90720
privacy.contact@ea.epson.com
Additional Disclosures for California Residents
These additional disclosures for California residents apply only to individuals
who reside in California. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides additional rights to
know, delete and opt out, and requires businesses collecting or disclosing
personal information to provide notices and means to exercise rights.
Notice of Collection
In the past 12 months,
we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated
in the CCPA:
Identifiers, including name, email address, phone
number account name, IP address, and an ID or number assigned to your account.
Customer records,
billing and shipping address, and credit or debit card information.
Demographics, such
as your age or gender. This category includes data that may qualify as
protected classifications under other California or federal laws.
Commercial information,
including purchases and engagement with the Services.
Internet activity,
including your interactions with our Service.
Device Information,
including device serial number and warranty information
Device and Usage Data, data about the type of device or
browser you use, your device’s operating software, printing patterns, ink
usage, your internet service provider, your device’s regional and language
settings, and device identifiers such as IP address.
Audio or visual data,
including pictures or vides you post on our Service.
Geolocation data,
including location enabled services such as WiFi and GPS.
Employment and education data,
including information you provide when you apply for a job with us.
Inferences, including information about your
interests, preferences and favorites.
For more information on
information we collect, including the sources we receive information from,
review the Information Collection section. We collect and
use these categories of personal information for the business purposes
described in the Use of Information section, including to
provide and manage our Services.
Company does not
generally sell information as the term “sell” is traditionally understood.
However, to the extent “sale” under the CCPA is interpreted to include
advertising technology activities such as those disclosed in the Analytics and Advertising section as a “sale,” we
will comply with applicable law as to such activity. Company discloses the
following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers,
demographic information, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation
data and inferences. We use and partner with different types of entities to
assist with our daily operations and manage our Service. Please review the Sharing of Information section for more detail
about the parties we have shared information with.
Right to Know and Delete
If you are a California
resident, you have the right to delete the personal information we have
collected from you and the right to know certain information about our data
practices in the preceding 12 months. In particular, you have the right to
request the following from us:
The categories of personal information
we have collected about you;
The categories of sources from which
the personal information was collected;
The categories of personal information
about you we disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The categories of third parties to
whom the personal information was disclosed for a business purpose or sold;
The business or commercial purpose for
collecting or selling the personal information; and
The specific pieces of personal information we
have collected about you.
To exercise any of these
rights, please submit a request through our online form available at https://dsar.goepson.com or call our toll free
number at 1-800-822-0313. In the request, please specify which right you are
seeking to exercise. We will confirm receipt of your request within 10 days. We
may require specific information from you to help us verify your identity and
process your request. If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny
your requests to know or delete.
Right to Opt-Out
To the extent Company sells your personal information as the term “sell”
is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to
opt-out of the sale of your personal information by us to third parties at any
time. You may submit a request to opt-out by clicking Do Not Sell My Personal Information.You may also submit a request to opt-out by calling our toll-free number
at 1-800-822-0313.
Authorized Agent
You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf.
However, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and
verify your identity directly.
Shine the Light
Customers who are residents of California may
request (i) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to
third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third
parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (ii) a list of the categories of
third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request,
please write us at the email or postal address set out in “Contact Us” above
and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light Request.” We may require
additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity and are
only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year.
Additional Disclosures for Nevada Residents.
Nevada consumers may submit requests directing businesses not to sell certain kinds of personal information that the business has collected or will collect about the consumer. A sale under Nevada law is the exchange of personal information for monetary consideration by the business to a third party for the third party to license or sell the personal information to other third parties. If you are a Nevada consumer and wish to obtain information about our compliance with Nevada law, please contact us at privacy.compliance@ea.epson.com.
Stay Connected with Epson
Submit
Thank you for signing up!
Keep an eye out for our great offers and updates.
We apologize, it looks like the system is down. Please try again later.
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn
Instagram
Please enter a valid email address
You are providing your consent to Epson America, Inc., doing business as Epson, so that we may send you promotional emails. You may withdraw your consent or view our privacy policy at any time. To contact Epson America, you may write to 3131 Katella Ave, Los Alamitos, CA 90720 or call 1-800-463-7766.