http://www.aimbusinesscap.com/privacy-policy
Home
Factoring
Advantages of Factoring
FAQ
How It Works
Industries
Referral Partners
Bankers
Brokers
Consultants & Financial Advisors
About
Why Choose AIM?
Contact
888-367-1246
Apply
Client Login
Privacy Policy
Aim Business Capital recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of AIM Business Capital and our related Web sites. We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users' right to privacy to guide our relationships with our users.
Information Collected by AIM Business Capital
AIM Business Capital collects
information about users during their registration; their inquiries, their participation in certain activities on our Web site, including contests and polls; and through the use of cookies. When users request pages from our server, our Web server automatically collects some information about the users, including their IP addresses. These addresses are used by computers on the network to send the requested pages to users.
Use of Information
AIM Business Capital will not reveal any personal information that users provide to us to any third party without their permission. AIM Business Capital
uses users IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. We also use it to gather broad demographic information about our users in general. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We may combine demographic information supplied by a subscriber at registration with site usage data to provide profiles, in aggregate form, about our users and their preferences in the content of the site. We may share this composite information with our advertisers to help them better understand our services, but AIM Business Capital does not give advertisers information about individual users of AIM Business Capital.
Using Email Addresses Provided at Registration or Otherwise
AIM Business Capital periodically sends out e-mail newsletters and promotional e-mail to our users about services and products offered by AIM Business Capital. Users can indicate that they do not wish to receive e-mail information from AIM Business Capital. Third parties will not contact our users through the use of our e-mail newsletter lists except through advertisements within the newsletters themselves. Our site uses cookies to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honor their preferences. This information is used to assist us in creating a site that will serve the needs of our users.
Upon request, AIM Business Capital will remove users (and their information) from our database or permit them to opt-out of any further e-mail newsletters or contact.
General
AIM Business Capital is not responsible for the content or the privacy polices of Web sites to which it may provide links or the Web sites of its advertisers or clients. AIM Business Capital uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to responsible third parties after permission from the user.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with AIM Business Capital, you can contact: info@aimbusinesscap.com.
Privacy Policy | Sitemap