https://www.adkad.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content Privacy PolicyAdkad Technologies Inc ("Adkad Technologies") is committed to maintaining the privacy of personal information that you provide to us when using adkad.com. This Privacy Policy describes how we treat personal information received about you when you visit adkad.com.INFORMATION WE COLLECT:GENERAL: When you use certain features of this site, such as downloading or requesting a free trial and purchasing products, we may collect personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, company name, address, phone number and email address.WEB SITE USAGE: As with many website operators, Adkad Technologies analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of our website to our visitors. We use an external service to provide real-time reporting to us and our authorized agents of browser accesses to our site. This includes IP addresses, page views, unique views, unique visitors, repeat visitors, frequency of visits, and peak-volume traffic periods. In our use of this service, we do not gather, request, record, require, collect, or track any Internet users' personally identifiable information.SURVEYS: We may conduct occasional surveys and other customer research. These are entirely voluntary and you may decline to participate.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION:The information you provide will be used to support your relationship with Adkad Technologies. Among other things, your information may be used to alert you to product upgrades or special offers, and to market or sell Adkad Technologies products or services to you. We may also use your information to enhance or develop features, products and services. Information you provide after purchasing our products will be used to register our software to you for licensing purposes.Except as specifically set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personally identifiable information outside of Adkad Technologies. Among other things, your information may be used to alert you to our product upgrades or special offers, and to market or sell our products or services to you.We may disclose and use personally identifiable information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, enforce our Terms of Service (for example, when necessary to protect our or a third party's intellectual property or proprietary rights), or to alert you to changes in our policies or agreements that may affect your use of our Web site.LINKS TO NON-ADKAD TECHNOLOGIES WEB SITES AND THIRD PARTIES:Adkad Technologies Web sites may contain links to third-party sites for your convenience and/or information. If you access those links, you will leave Adkad Technologies Web site and be re-directed to a third-party site. Adkad Technologies does not control those sites or the privacy practices of those third-party sites, which may differ from Adkad Technologies privacy practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party Web sites, and the personal data you choose to provide to third-party Web sites is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any Web site or company before submitting your Personal Information to them.