http://www.intl-lighttech.com/policies
Skip to main content
Policies
Summary
In using our website, International Light Technologies (ILT) will strive to ensure your privacy is protected.  We will not sell your personal information and will only use it for internal purposes.
Introduction
This privacy policy explains how International Light Technologies uses and protects the data provided to, or collected through its website, and also via phone, fax, email or carrier mail.  The objective is to provide our visitors with a quality online experience while safeguarding your privacy.
By registering on our website and providing certain information about yourself, ILT can use this information to provide a better experience to you.  In using our website, ILT will strive to ensure your privacy is protected.
You are in control of the personal information you provide to ILT and you can:
Ask for a copy of your personal information;
Ask for personal information to be corrected to updated;
Ask to remove your personal information from our records, unless retaining that information is necessary to our legitimate business interactions as highlighted in Article 6 of the GDPR, or when we are legally required to retain it;
The aim of our Privacy Policy is to explain the following:
The type of information ILT collects from you and the methods by which we collect that information, and what this information is used for;
How this information is protected
The Information ILT Collects
When you access ILT's website, some information is automatically collected as specified below.  No other information is collected through the ILT website unless you deliberately decide to send it to us (e.g., by submitting a completed contact form), which is also specified below.
"Automatically Collected Information" means the following categories and specific information:
"Client Information":  your user name if you're logged in to our site, and the IP address of the computer you are using;
"Essential Technical Information":  identification of the page or service you are requesting, type of browser and operating system you are using, and the date and time of access
"Optional Information" includes the following information:
When responding to online forms:  any information entered into these forms.
When you register an account on the ILT website:  your user name, e-mail address, and any additional information you provide as part of your registration
When you purchase a product or service directly from our website:  your user name, first name, last name, email address, phone number, street address, and any additional non-financial information you provide as part of the purchasing process.  This includes RMAs for calibration and repair services.
This is all classified as personal under applicable privacy and data protection laws.  When you use a credit card to purchase a product or service, ILT will collect this information for billing purposes.  This information is processed on behalf of ILT by a third party payment services provider.  That provider and ILT use security techniques, including encryption and secure servers, to protect you against unauthorized access.  ILT does not store any credit card or other payment/financial information on its website.
We may also collect and retain information provided to us when contacting us via phone, fax, email and carrier mail.  ILT strives to protect your data, and we collect only the data necessary to service your inquiry.  This includes the following:
When ordering products and services over the phone, via fax, carrier mail or in person:  your company name, your fist and last name, email, phone number, street address, and any additional information you provide as part of the purchasing process, including credit card number, Tax ID number, VAT number, Social Security number (if used as the Tax ID), and freight account number.  This includes RMAs for calibration and repair services.
When contacting our calibration, quality, technical support, or engineering groups:  your company name, your first and last name, email address, phone number, street address, and any additional information you provide as part of the technical services and support process.
When contacting our accounting group:  your company name, your first and last name, email address, phone number, street address, and any additional information you provide as part of the purchasing process including credit card number, Tax ID, VAT number, Social Security number (if used as the Tax ID).
What The Information is Used For
ILT uses the information to provide, maintain, protect and improve the products and services it provides.  We use this information to provide you with content tailored to your specific needs.
When you contact ILT, we may keep a record of your communication to help resolve any issues that you may have.  If you are a customer we may contact you regarding important information about the product you purchased, such as software/firmware updates or other information pertaining to the products you purchased that our customers should be aware of.  We may also use your contact information that you provide to inform you about new products and services, but we will only do this if you consent to receiving updated information about our offerings.
ILT also uses information collecting technologies such as Google Analytics, to improve your user experience and the general quality of our services.  The collected information is also used to learn about the usage patterns of visitors to our website by collecting information about which individual webpages were visited, how long users visited the website, which websites referred the most visitors, general geographic location of visitors, and other similar anonymous statistics.  This data is used to enhance and improve the content on our website to visitors whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
How ILT Protects Your Information
ILT strives to protect your personal information to the highest level, for example by encrypting sensitive data using SSL.
ILT reviews the information it collects, stores, and processes, and implements physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to our systems.
ILT restricts your personal information provided to its employees, contractors and agents who have a need to know of that information in order to processes it for ILT.  Each employee, contractor or agent is contractually obligated by ILT to keep the information received strictly confidential, and will face severe penalties if they breach this obligation.
We strive for data protection by design and by default:
We ensure through standard practices and corporate policies that all internal and external systems, services and equipment used for storing data meet acceptable security standards;
We perform regular checks, scans, and updates to ensure internal and external security hardware and software is functioning properly and remains secure;
We secure our network and external systems using technologies and practices to mitigate the risk of unauthorized access;
We train our staff to follow security policies and procedures in the proper use of our network and equipment and secure handling of any data;
We evaluate any third-party services the company may consider using to store or process data to ensure they use proper and secure data security controls when handling and processing data on our behalf.
Please note that our Privacy Policy may change from time to time.  This will not change your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent.  If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about the Privacy Policy, please contact us as follows:
Updated May, 2018