http://www.actionmd.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Register
Log in
Shopping cart
(0)
Shopping cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Wishlist
(0)
×
Notification
Search
Toggle navigation
Forms
CMS-1500 Forms
CMS-1450 Forms
ADA Dental Forms
DME Forms
Home Health Forms
Envelopes
CMS-1500 10.5
CMS-1500 Jumbo
CMS-1450 Jumbo
Books
Coding
Physician Compliance
Hospital Compliance
Training
Fee Analysis
Reference
Other
Drugs
eBook
Software
For Billing Services
Categories
Forms
Envelopes
Books
Software
For Billing Services
Privacy policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which ActionMD collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.actionmd.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by ActionMD.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an ordersubscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
ActionMD collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Changes to this privacy policy
ActionMD has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
ActionMDwww.actionmd.com3002 Dow Ave #202 Tustin, CA 927801-800-400-8368support@actionmd.com
Sign up for our newsletter:
Wait...
Information
Sitemap
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
About us
Contact us
Customer service
Search
News
Blog
Recently viewed products
Compare products list
New products
My account
My account
Orders
Addresses
Shopping cart
Wishlist
Newsletter
Sign up for our newsletter:
Wait...
Powered by nopCommerce
Brainstation
Copyright © 2020 ActionMD. All rights reserved.
×Close
Quick View
Close