http://www.actuaries.org.uk/terms-and-conditions-website-use
Skip to content
Main menuHome
Becoming an Actuary
Studying
Learn and develop
Upholding standards
Get involved
News and insights
Search form
Search
User login
Username *
Password *
Request new password
You are hereHome
Terms and conditions of website use
This page sets out the terms of use of our website www.actuaries.org.uk (our site).
Please read these terms of use carefully before using our site.  Please also check the terms from time to time.
1. Acceptance
By using our site, you indicate that you accept:
These terms of use and you agree to abide by them.  If you do not agree to these terms, please refrain from using our site; and
All proprietary rights in the material displayed and/or received shall remain the property of the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries (IFoA);
“Our” or “we” means the IFoA or its subsidiaries.
2. Accessing our site
Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis and you must comply with the provisions of our Acceptable Use Policy when using our site.
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the material from time to time. Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update it
Notwithstanding our Accessibility Statement we may suspend access to our site or close it indefinitely and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the service we provide on our site without notice.
From time to time we may restrict access to some or all parts of our site to users who have registered with us.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a password or any other information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our site and for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms, and that they comply with them.
3. Limitations on use
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. All rights are reserved.
Material on this website may be reproduced free of charge in any format or medium, providing it is:
Not modified in any way;
Not used out of context;
Acknowledged as the IFoA’s or its relevant subsidiary’s copyright and the source is quoted; and
Used solely for your personal reference or non-commercial internal reference within your company or organisation.
You must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on our site must always be acknowledged and all relevant copyright laws abided by.
You must not use any part of the materials on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors (with our prior consent).
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right (if any) to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
If you wish to make any use of material on our site other than that set out above, please address your request to libraries@actuaries.org.uk
4. Website content for general information only
The materials displayed and/or posted on our site are not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by any visitor to our site, or by anyone who may be informed of any of their content.
5. Information about you and your visits to our site
We process information about you in accordance with our privacy policy.
By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
6. Uploading material
Any material you upload to our site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose. We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any material posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We will not be responsible, or liable to any third party, for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of our site.We have the right to remove any material or posting you make on our site.
7. User generated content
The IFoA encourages use of this website for professional networking and expects all users to abide by these terms of use. Users must communicate and network online with appropriate discretion and courtesy. The IFoA is not responsible for any user generated content including user comments, the content of discussion forums ("the forums") and messages posted by users on social media sites where we have a presence. In particular, without limitation, the IFoA has no responsibility for any advice or information posted by any user or for any reliance placed on that advice or information. Users shall not upload, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish on this site any materials which:
libels, defames, or is obscene, pornographic, abusive or threatening
infringes the intellectual property rights of any other person including (without limitation) infringing any person's copyright or trademark
is illegal
advocates illegal activity
advertises or solicits funds or is a solicitation for or offer to supply goods or services unless approved by us (together "Non-Approved Items")
The IFoA reserves the right to exclude from using this site any person whom we consider to be in breach of any of these terms and conditions.
8. Misuse of site
You must not misuse our site. Misuse includes but is not limited to introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack.
Where there is a breach of the legislation including but not limited to a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990, we will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities. We will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately.
9. Links to our site
You must not link to our home page unless you have obtained our prior written consent. Where such a link is agreed, you must only link to our home page in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page subject to our prior written consent.
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
10. Links from our site
Links on our site to other sites and resources provided by third parties are provided for your information only.  We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
11. Limitations on liability
The material displayed on our site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. To the extent permitted by law, we, other members of our group of companies and third parties connected to us hereby expressly exclude:
All conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
Any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with our site or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of our site, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, including, without limitation any liability for:
1.     Loss of income or revenue;
2.     Loss of business;
3.     Loss of profits or contracts;
4.     Loss of anticipated savings;
5.     Loss of data;
6.     Loss of goodwill;
7.     Wasted management or office time; and;
8.     For any other loss or damage of any kind, however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise, even if foreseeable, provided that this condition shall not prevent claims for loss of or damage to your tangible property or any other claims for direct financial loss that are not excluded by any of the categories set out above.
This does not affect our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, nor our liability for fraudulent misrepresentation or misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter, nor any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
We will not be liable if, for any reason, our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
12. Jurisdiction and applicable law
The English courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim arising from, or related to, a visit to our site although we retain the right to bring proceedings against you for breach of these conditions in your country of residence or any other relevant country.
These terms of use and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with them or their subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of England and Wales.
13. Variations
We may revise these terms of use at any time by amending this page. You are expected to check this page from time to time to take notice of any changes we make, as they are binding on you. Some of the provisions contained in these terms of use may also be superseded by provisions or notices published elsewhere on our site.
14. Queries
If you have any queries about material that appears on our site, please contact us.
Filter or search events
Start date
Start date
E.g., 11/12/2020
End date
End date
E.g., 11/12/2020
Search
Who is this event aimed at
- Any -EveryoneStudentsQualified membersTechnical analystThose interested in joining the profession
CPD types
- Any -TechnicalProfessional Skills TrainingEthical learningBusiness skillsMixed
Location
- Any -East EnglandWest EnglandNorth EnglandSouth EnglandMidlandsN. IrelandRepublic of IrelandScotlandWalesInternational
Event type
Practice area
Events calendar
Running off the £2 trillion of UK corporate sector defined benefit liabilities in an efficient and effective fashion is the biggest challenge facing the UK pensions industry. Trustees and sponsors overseeing those schemes need to be clear on their target end-state and the associated journey plan – but too few have well articulated and robust plans.
As the halfway point of his tenure as IFoA President approaches, Tan Suee Chieh would like to invite you to his Presidential Update on 12 January 2021 at 08.30am (UTC).
The Presidential Update will allow Suee Chieh to set out his report card of how the last six months have gone - a period which has seen both the IFoA and the profession go through a significant number of changes at a time of real uncertainty and challenge.
The actuarial skill set has much to offer the banking industry. So many of the skills that actuaries acquire during their working life translate across to the world of banking and yet banking is perceived as an alien environment to many actuaries. But is it?
Guaranteed products evolved to address genuine customer needs and wants.  However, they have fallen from favour in the UK market over time (yet still remain popular in some other countries).
The Long-Term Product Guarantees Working Party was established by the Life Board in 2019 to investigate long term guarantees, traditionally available as pension, investment and annuity products in the UK.
Understanding biases in trustee decision making
What is the evidence that “behavioural” factors, such as human psychology, company culture, corporate politics and conflicts of interest, cause institutional investors to deviate from optimal behaviour? Professor Peter Ayton (Leeds University Business School) presents his findings from the first extensive research programme conducted into the decision making processes of pension fund trustees.
This free-to-view webinar for IFoA members is the first in the IFoA’s 2021 series highlighting its commissioned research through its Actuarial Research Centre (ARC) and offers an opportunity to put questions to the panel on the practical implications for actuaries working in investments and other areas.
Covid-19 has required an urgent and cross-practice initiative to facilitate the extensive impact this pandemic has across all industries. IFoA members have been keen to contribute in a different way, so we developed the IFoA Covid-19 Action Taskforce [ICAT] to coordinate our effort, with a more efficient governance.
We have over 500 volunteers and countless topics which we have amalgamated into 93 workstreams.
Drawing from his most recent book “The New Long Life” and his longevity research Andrew J Scott will outline how longer lives and new technologies will fundamentally reshape how we structure our lives and transform the economy. As well as looking at the agenda this will set governments and corporates he will focus on the implications for you and how you prepare your future career.