https://www.deam.com/privacy-policy
Privacy policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
From 25 May 2018 the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will apply. The GDPR, among other things, strengthens and extends privacy rights and places more responsibilities with organizations.
General
Identity:
DEAM Products BV
Oosteinde 18
9301ZP Roden
+31 (0)50 2113831
www.deam.com
Our website aims to inform the visitor about our services and / or products. A secondary goal is to enable the user to easily contact our organization. We do not collect data without explicitly asking the visitor for permission.
Retention period: Unless explicitly stated otherwise, personal information, if send via the website, will be kept for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we are allowed to use them, as set out in this privacy statement. For example, if you tell us that you no longer wish to receive a newsletter from us, we will immediately delete your email address from our mailing list.
You have the right to view, rectify or delete your personal data.
You have the right to file a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Privacy policy
DEAM Products BV respects the privacy of the visitors to its website and ensures that the data sent is treated confidentially. We will not provide your personal details to third parties unless this is necessary on the basis of a statutory regulation. As stipulated in the GDPR you can object to the use of your personal data. As soon as you have notified your objection by e-mail, we will remove your personal data from our system.
Secure connection
Our website uses an SSL certificate which ensures a secure / encrypted transfer of transmitted data.
COOKIE POLICY
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small text files that a website sends to the user and which are stored on your hard drive via the browser. The information is stored and sent back to the website. Using cookies, the website can recognize the user again and keep track of what you have done on the website in the past.
Our website does not use cookies other than for Google Analytics. With these cookies we are able to see how many people visit our website and whether it concerns new visitors or people who have visited our site before.
In accordance with the GDPR, we have:
– a processor agreement with Google closed;
– masked the last octet of your IP address;
– ‘share data’ turned off.
Furthermore, we do not use other Google services in combination with the Google Analytics cookies.
Objection to the use of cookies?
If you prefer not to use cookies, you can switch it off at any time via your browser.
If you have questions or want more information, please contact us.