http://www.american-equity.com/default/privacy
Skip to main content
Warning! Your browser is extremely outdated and not web standards compliant.Your browsing experience would greatly improve by upgrading to a modern browser.
HomePrivacy Terms of UseAccessibility
Privacy
HomePrivacy
WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT
The American Equity family of companies* (collectively, “Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”) values the trust you place in us. This statement describes the way in which we may collect or utilize website visitor information.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM WEBSITE VISITORS
When you visit our websites we may collect limited information about you.  We may use “cookies” to collect information about website visitors, including a session ID and IP address.  We may also utilize analytic services to assist us in aggregating and monitoring anonymized information about website visitors.  This information allows us to track website trends and statistics and solve technical problems and provides increased insight to business decision making, which makes our public websites more robust and useful to you.  These providers may collect non-personally identifiable information for these purposes.
Please note, our website does not respond to “do-no-track” requests.
WHEN WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM WEBSITE VISITORS
Generally, we do not share your information with third parties solely because you visited our website.  We may share website visitor information with third parties if we deem it reasonably necessary to: (1) adhere to any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable government request; (2) enforce and investigate violations of our Terms of Use; (3) assist us in preventing and detecting fraud, security or technical issues; (4) resolve disputes; or (5) protect our legal rights.
CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION
Our website is not directed toward children.  We do not knowingly collect or post information from children under the age of 13.  You can learn more about children’s privacy and the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) at the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
PRIVACY PRACTICES NOTICE
COLLECTING INFORMATION
We collect private information from:
1.      The information you provide on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, telephone number, and Social Security number;
2.      Your business with us, such as payment history, allocation history and balance information; and
3.      Your insurance agent/representative, such as updated information about your contract.
HOW WE TREAT THE INFORMATION
We treat your information with respect for your privacy in that:
1.      We don’t give any nonpublic private or financial information to anyone, except as required or allowed by law;
2.      We may share your information with third parties necessary to effect, administer, or enforce your transaction with us, or as needed to service your policy;
3.      We have sound electronic security measures;
4.      Our security practices limit access to employees, independent agents, and business contacts with proper authority; and
5.      We use your information for business purposes only.
If we allow limited access to your private information, it is done to service your contract or to inform you about other products and services we offer. We require that other companies or persons promise to follow our privacy practices before disclosing your information. We require it is used only for the matter requested.
INDEPENDENT INSURANCE AGENTS/REPRESENTATIVES
Your agent has a unique business rapport with you and may have other private information about you that we don’t have. This information doesn’t fall under our privacy policy and may be used differently than we would use it.
Contact your independent agent/representative to learn more about his/her privacy practices.
HOW TO REVIEW OUR FILE
You have the right to review a copy of your private information contained in our files to determine if it is correct. If you believe it is incorrect, you may make a statement providing the correct information to the company. To request how to receive access and to find out your information, please:
1. Include your name, address and contract number/agent number; and
2. Mail requests to:
American Equity Investment Life Holding Company
Compliance Department
Box 71216
Des Moines, Iowa 50325
*The American Equity family of companies is comprised of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company**, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company of New York***, and Eagle Life Insurance Company***.
**Owned by American Equity Investment Life Holding Company
***Owned by American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company
EFFECTIVE DATE: January 25, 2018