http://www.formanharley-davidson.com/read-our-policy-statement--xpolicy
Policies
Shipping and Handling
Shipping and Handling
Charges: Shipping and handling charges are based on total price of your
order. Oversized or heavy items may have an additional shipping cost.
This charge may not be calculated until the order is being prepared.
We will notify you if there is an increase in the shipping charge for your order prior to billing and shipping.
Shipment By UPS: We ship
via UPS Ground or US Postal Service in the continental US. Shipments to
Alaska & Hawaii and International orders will have an additional
shipping cost applied.
Delivery Time: Allow 4-10
business days for delivery of non-backordered items in the continental
US. Allow additional time for shipments to Alaska, Hawaii and
International Orders.
Consolidated Shipments: Entire orders will be shipped together if possible.
Returns and Exchanges
General: All returns must be postmarked no later than 30 days from the original customer shipment date.
Returns and exchanges must be in new condition and must include all instructions and original packing material.
Customer pays all return shipping charges. Include a copy of your packing list with all returns.
Original shipping and
handling charges are not refundable. Returns must be preauthorized by
us and are subject to a 15% re-stocking fee. These amounts will be
deducted from the original amount billed and the remaining balance will
be credited to the original credit card.
Incorrect Item: If you
received an incorrect item no extra charges will be incurred. We will
replace incorrect items and pay the additional shipping charge.
Incorrect Size: No charge
for exchange. We will exchange customer orders that do not fit, if the
customer requests the same item in a different size. Customer pays all
shipping charges.
Customer Order Error:
Incorrect customer orders can be exchanged for any other item without
paying the restocking charge. However, the customer will pay the
additional shipping and handling charge. The replacement item must be
at least 75% of the value of the original item.
Return Shipping Instructions: Return via prepaid UPS or US mail. Insure shipment for full value of purchase.
Use original packaging. We are not responsible for packages lost during return shipping.
Return/Exchange
Instructions: Enclose a copy of your packing list or E-mail Invoice
along with detailed return/exchange instructions. Send exchanges and
returns to dealership.
Sales Tax
Sales tax is charged on instate orders if required by law.
Payment Methods
Orders accepted via secure
online order form only. Most major credit cards are accepted. Credit
card purchases verified for your protection.
Backorders Items
Backorders: If an item is
backordered, we will notify you via e-mail. Shipments scheduled more
than 30 days after the order date: We will notify you via email and
give you a cancellation option.
Filling backorders: Backorders will be filled before new orders when
the backordered items become available.
Secured Online Shopping
We guarantee your order's
privacy and security over the web, with all transactions utilizing an
SSL secure server connection. Verisign, Inc., provides our Secure
Server Certificate through Dealer Spike, LLC.
Policies
Individual product descriptions are claims of the manufacturer and/or distributor and are not guaranteed accurate. Prices subject to change without notice. Mistakenly posted prices and/or options on the website do not obligate us to those incorrect prices and/or options. We reserve the right to refuse to sell to anyone for any reason.
×
×
×
×
Get Financing
|
Shop All Inventory
|
Shop Online
Join Our Mobile Club
TEXT THE WORD "Forman" TO 313131