https://www.knoah.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – Knoah Solutions
SolutionsCustomer Experience ManagementPerformance Improvement – TotalAssuranceBack OfficeMULTI-CHANNEL CUSTOMER ENGAGEMENT SOLUTIONS Powered by Responsive and Innovative contact center services. Let your customers communicate the way they choose!Learn more...NURTURE YOUR CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE WITH TOTALASSURANCE
Knoah’s 3rd party QA solution for performance improvement to better the customer experience while increasing revenue and decreasing costs.Learn more... CloseThe Knoah WayHow We EngageInnovative TechnologyReporting & AnalyticsGlobal Delivery CentersFlexible Delivery Models5 Differentating StrengthsContinuous ImprovementIT InfrastructureRIGHTENGAGE FRAMEWORK TO CRAFT A SOLUTION THAT FITS YOUR KPI GOALS AND BUDGET Right blend of channels with the right people, right processes, right technology and right delivery locations to engage with your customers Learn more...OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE WITH IN-DEPTH, REAL-TIME REPORTING AND ANALYTICSProgram dashboards upto agent level, 100+ Reports, Customer Journey Analytics, Sentiment Analysis, Channel Traffic, Product issue drivers, Historical trends, Segment analysisLearn more... CloseIndustriesAutomotiveConsumer ElectronicsConsumer ApplicationsCommunicationsEmployment and Talent ManagementHome AutomationInsuranceLanguage interpretationManufacturingMarket IntelligenceRetail/E-CommerceReal EstateTravel & HospitalityUtilitiesCONSUMER ELECTRONICS RESULTS Moving from transaction to engagement – faster, smarter, better solutions.Learn more...ISP BROADBAND CASE STUDY There are more internet users everyday, so how can you grow your client list?.Learn more... CloseInsightsBlogWhite PapersCase StudiesVideosClient TestimonialsInfographicsEventsFAQsArtificial Intelligence ChatHelper Overview
Knoah’s ChatHelper powered by Augment combines the capabilities of artificial intelligence with the human touch of live agents to delight the customer. Learn more...AI ChatHelper CASE STUDY Chats per day were 15+% higher in the ChatHelper group. The ChatHelper group had a 2.3% higher resolution rate. Learn more...
CloseLife @ KnoahWe Value YouCultureEmployee EngagementBenefitsWe are hiringLife@Knoah A Culture That Builds The Foundation For Success And Rewards Bright, Driven And Fun-Loving PeopleLearn more...LATEST OPENINGS We are global.
We are one Knoah.. Come be a part of our team!Learn more... CloseAboutCompany OverviewOur JourneyOur Mission/ValuesOur LeadershipOur Corporate Social responsibilityOur Compliance/CertificationsAnnouncementsOur LocationsAwardsLATEST ANNOUNCEMENTS Knoah is listed in Gartner’s Market Guide for Key Customer Management BPO Service Providers in a Digital-Driven Market Learn more...LATEST ANNOUNCEMENT Knoah Solutions, Inc. Positioned as an Aspirant in Everest Group’s 2017 Contact Center Outsourcing PEAK Matrix™Learn more... CloseContact usCareers
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Knoah Solutions’ Privacy Statement/Policy
It is the policy of Knoah Solutions, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “Knoah”) to respect and protect the privacy of our customers and the users of www.knoah.com (hereinafter, the “Site”). Through this Privacy Statement, we want to reassure users of the Site that we will not sell, share, or rent user information to others in a manner different than as set forth in this Privacy Statement. By accessing this Site, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not use this Site. Each time you use the Site, the current version of the Privacy Statement will apply. Accordingly, when you use the Site, you should check the date of this Statement (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version.
Consent
By using our Site, the user agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Statement and the Site Terms of Use INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS which are an integral part hereof and the user consents to the collection and use of this information by Knoah as disclosed in this Privacy Statement.
Personal Information
In general, you can visit Knoah on the Internet without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you.
You may choose to give us personal information in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us information, such as your name and address or e-mail id, to correspond with you. You may give us a description of your education and work experience in connection with a job opening at Knoah that you wish to be considered for. We intend to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you; if you expressly tell us that you do not want us to use this information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your requests, we will respect your wishes. If you give us personal information about somebody else, such as a spouse or work colleague, we will assume that you have their permission to do so.
Using and Sharing Personal Information
Fulfilling Your Transaction Request
If you request something from the Knoah Web site, for example and not by limitation, a service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request including where necessary sharing such information with third parties to fulfill your request.
Marketing Use
The information you provide to Knoah on certain Knoah Web sites may also be used by Knoah and selected third parties for marketing purposes. Before we use it, however, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way. To opt-out of receiving further marketing emails from Knoah, please follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each email.
Human Resources Web Sites
In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on the Knoah Web site or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae. We may use this information throughout Knoah for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. Except where you tell us not to, we will keep the information for future consideration.
Information for Business Partners
If you represent a Knoah client or vendor (“Knoah Business Partner”), we may use information provided on the Knoah Web site to administer and develop our business relationship with you, the Business Partner you represent, and Knoah Business Partners generally. For instance, this may involve using your information to send you details of Knoah Business Partner programs. It may also include sharing certain information with other Business Partners (subject to any confidentiality obligations that may exist), or Knoah customers or prospects. In connection with a particular transaction or program, we may also contact you as part of customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Other Knoah Web Site Notices
In some cases, specific Knoah Web sites may contain other notices about their use and the information practices applicable to those sites.
Our Worldwide Practices
Knoah is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders. Our privacy practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information, all over the world.
We may share your personal information within Knoah and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business. Some countries may provide less legal protection for your information. In such countries, Knoah will still handle information in the manner we describe here.
Information Security and Quality
We intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its integrity. We implement at least commercially standard measures and processes, such as using encryption when transmitting sensitive information, with the goal to keep your information secure. Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure currently in the marketplace. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Therefore, the Disclaimers of Warranty and Limitations of Liability in this Site Terms of Use apply.
Supplementing Information
From time to time we may supplement information you give us via the Knoah Web site with information from other sources, such as information validating your address or other available information about businesses. This is to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide a better service.
Use of Suppliers
In some cases Knoah uses suppliers to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process information on its behalf. It is Knoah’s policy and practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with Knoah’s policies.
Mergers and Acquisitions
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Knoah decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. It is Knoah’s practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies
We sometimes collect non-identifiable information from visits to our Web sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit, and we also measure visitor activity on our Web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information non-identifiable. This information is sometimes known as “clickstream data.” Knoah or others on Knoah’s behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
Also, when we collect personal data from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information such as clickstream data. This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. This information is not reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner you can disable your cookies.
We collect the information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including one called “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Some Knoah pages use cookies, sent by Knoah or its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the Web site. If you do not want a cookie, you should set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some of our Web sites may not work properly.
Some Knoah Web sites also use Web beacon or other technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across Knoah’s Web sites. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don’t want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our Site. We have no access to or control over these cookies.
If you turn off cookies, Web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded.
Service Quality Monitoring
Certain Web transactions may also involve you calling us or our calling you. Please be aware that it is Knoah’s general practice to monitor and in some cases record such calls for staff training or quality assurance purposes.
Personalized URL Link
On occasion, we may personalize and customize Web sites for certain visitors. If you visit one of these sites, you may find it customized with references to products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you, based on your previous interactions with Knoah and information you have provided to us. While you are visiting these Web sites, we may collect information about your visit to better tailor the site to your interests. An invitation to visit one of these Web sites is usually presented as a personalized URL in an e-mail, a notice on a Web site registration page, or as a response to you logging on to a certain Web site.
If you choose to visit one of these Web sites, you are agreeing to let Knoah collect information about your visits and also to its association with other information about you and your relationship with Knoah. If you do not wish your information to be used in this way, do not accept the invitation to visit these sites.
Disclosures Required By Law
Please be aware that in certain circumstances, it is possible that personal information may be subject to disclosure pursuant to law, judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders.
Links to non – Knoah Web sites
Knoah Web sites may contain links to other third party Web sites. Knoah is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites.
Children’s On-line Privacy
Knoah recognizes and agrees with the particular importance of protecting the privacy of children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
E-Mail Updates and Opting Out
By registering on the Knoah website (“Site”), visitors allow Knoah to use their personal identifiable information in accordance with the terms of Knoah’s privacy policy.
Upon Blog updates registration, Knoah will send blog article updates as they are posted on blog.knoah.com. We may enhance or merge the information we collect on the Site with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to our customers and users.
We may communicate with the users of the Site via e-mail, telephone, mail, or fax in order to provide requested services, content, product information, notification of special offers, or in regard to customer service issues relating to an account. The users of the Site are always given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of receiving subsequent blog article updates and having their online information used for purposes not directly related to the Site.
To ‘Opt-Out’:
If you no longer wish to receive blog article updates or have your online information used for marketing purposes, please send an email to Knoah:  Contact Us. In the body of the email please include the following: “remove my name and email address from the Knoah Blog email list.” Please allow at least 48-72 hours to be removed from the system.
Notification of Changes
This privacy statement was last updated on August 18, 2016. A notice will be posted on our Web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed in a material way.
© 2020 Knoah Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.
Sitemap [
] |
Privacy & Policy
| Terms of Use
| Client Login
ABOUT US
Our Journey
Our Mission / Values
Our Leadership
Our CSR
Our Locations
Our Compliance / Certification
Services
3rd Party QA
Customer Care
Tech Support
Sales
Retention
Back Office
Solutions for
Consumer Electronics
ISP Broadband
Telecommunications
Retail Ecommerce
Travel Hospitality
Energy Utilities
Insurance
Manufacturing
Automotive
Approach
With your customers
RightEngage - Customer Engagement Solutions
Voice
Chat
Social Media
Email
Back office
With you
With Our People
Competence
Awards
Global Delivery
Onshore
Offshore
Nearshore
Strengths / Differentiators
Innovative Technology - Analytics
KnoahsARK
KnoahsARK 360
Continuous Improvement
IT Infrastructure
Resource
Blog
Infographics
White Papers
Case Studies (Success Stories)
Announcements
Videos
Client Testimonials
Events
FAQs
Safe Harbor Statement
Career
Life @ Knoah
Employee Testimonials
Benefits
Employee Engagement
We Are Hiring!
Contact us
Solutions
Customer Experience Management
Performance Improvement - TotalAssurance
Back Office
The Knoah Way
How We Engage
Innovative Technology
Reporting & Analytics
Global Delivery Centers
Flexible Delivery Models
5 Differentating Strengths
Continuous Improvement
IT Infrastructure
Industries
Consumer Electronics
Communications
Retail/E-Commerce
Travel & Hospitality
Utilities
Manufacturing
Insurance
Automotive
Insights
Blog
White Papers
Case Studies
Videos
Client Testimonials
Infographics
Events
FAQs
Life@Knoah
We Value You
Culture
Employee Engagement
Benefits
We are hiring
About
Company Overview
Our Journey
Our Mission/Values
Our Leadership
Our Corporate Social responsibility
Our Locations
Awards
Our Compliance/Certifications
Announcements
Contact
Compliance
Announcements
Thank you for contacting us. Our team will reach out to you soon.
The document is downloaded at your default folder for Downloads.
Email with a download link is also sent to your registered e-mail id.
download pdf