https://www.gemre.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use/
REPORT A CLAIM
MEMBER LOGIN
PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy sets out how GEM uses and protects any information that you give GEM when you use this website.
GEM is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
GEM may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from December 05, 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
What we do with the information we collect
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email or phone.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
We may provide your information to our third party partners for marketing or promotional purposes.
We will never sell your information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your information, we do not guarantee absolute security. We are not responsible for the unauthorized acts of others and we assume no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access (such as through hacking) or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond our reasonable control.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
TERMS OF USE
Use of the Website — By accessing this website, you warrant and represent to GEM that you are legally entitled to do so and to make use of information made available via the website. Further, your use of this website constitutes your assent to these terms of use, as well as any additional terms contained within this website. Please read these terms of use carefully before using this website. You may only utilize this website in accordance with these terms of use.
Restrictions on use — GEM owns and operates this website. Unless otherwise expressly permitted by GEM, no materials from this website may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You may download material displayed on this website for your use only, provided that you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this website for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without GEM’s prior written authorization. GEM does not warrant or represent that your use of materials displayed on this website will not infringe rights of third parties.
Ownership of information — Any information, other than personal information you transmit to GEM via this website, by electronic mail or otherwise, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and will become property of GEM. Such non-personal data or information may be used for any purpose, including but not limited to solicitations, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. GEM is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communications you sent to GEM via this website or by any other means for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information.
Trademarks and copyrights — All trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, and icons are proprietary to GEM. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right, either by implication, estoppel or otherwise, to use any trademark displayed on this website without the written permission of GEM. Your use of the trademarks displayed on this website, or any other content on this website, except as provided herein, is prohibited. The use of any images on the website, either by you or anyone else directed by you, is prohibited unless authorized by GEM. Any unauthorized use of images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, or the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
External links — External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of GEM and no representation is made as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk.
Warranties — GEM makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether expressed, implied in law or residual) regarding the website.
Disclaimer of liability — GEM shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither GEM nor any third party or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any shared information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Conflict of terms — If there is a conflict or contradiction between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
Severability — Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to being void, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as void and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
Applicable laws (choice of venue and forum) — Use of this website shall in all respects be governed by the laws of the state of New Hampshire, U.S.A., regardless of the laws that might be applicable under principles of conflicts of law. You agree that the state and federal courts in New Hampshire shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all controversies arising under these terms of service and you agree that venue is proper in such courts.
December 05, 2018