http://www.whiland.co.uk/search/privacy-policy/
HomeAbout UsProductsOur FactorySite SurveyingCustomersContact Us
Telephone: 01389 730430
Search
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Whiland Disabled Access - Privacy Policy
Whiland Disabled Access takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.This privacy policy covers the Whiland Disabled Access's treatment of personal information that the Whiland Disabled Access collects when you visit the Whiland Disabled Access website. Whiland Disabled Access collects personal information when you register for updates or submit forms on the Whiland Disabled Access website.The information requested on registering with the Whiland Disabled Access will be your name and email address. Additional information such as age and address may be requested, if necessary.Whiland Disabled Access uses the information collected to keep you updated on website developments, to advertise new products and services, to fulfil your request for certain products and for customer feedback. Whiland Disabled Access will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.Whiland Disabled Access will respond to any Court Order or legitimate request by authorities for personal information, with which they must comply or in connection with any legal process.You may request amendment or deletion of your details at any time by contacting us, clearly stating your name, address and email identifier.We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their job.Whiland Disabled Access may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages.
Cookies - What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file placed on your computer by a website, which typically contains two pieces of information: the site's name and a unique ID. There are many uses for cookies, such as website authentication (logging into a website), website analytics (number of site visitors, browser types etc.), storing site preferences, saving items to a shopping cart or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data.
How do we use them?
Whiland Disabled Access website uses cookies for a number of reasons. However, they do not contain any personal information about you and cannot be used to identify an individual.
Third party suppliers and cookies
We reserve the right to utilise third party suppliers/services to supplement our charitable services. We ensure that all third party suppliers meet strict security and privacy standards that are inline with our own policies. For example, we use Google Analytics to find out more about the ways in which people use our site, so that we can provide a better user experience. Learn more about Google's privacy policy.
If you do not want cookies
You can choose not to accept cookies. However, since cookies are maintained by your web browser, the method of enabling or disabling them will greatly depend on which browser you are using. You should be able to find instructions on how to do this in your browser's Help files.
More about cookies
You can learn more about cookies at Wikipedia.
William P. Whiland & Son Ltd.
Lime RoadBroadmeadow EstateDumbartonScotlandG82 2EL
Telephone: 01389 730430Fax: 01389 743833
> Contact Us
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicySitemapCompany Reg. SC67185VAT No. 261 087567
Website by Vizibility Design