https://www.drummondco.com/privacy-statement/
Visit DrummondLTD.com
Español
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
LinkedIn
Careers
Vendor Login
Home
About
Timeline
Leadership Team
Our Commitment
Our Products
Global Operations
Coal
ABC Coke
Perry Supply
Real Estate
Our People
Company Culture
Hear From Employees
Our Commitment
To Employees
To Customers
To Communities
To The Global Environment
To The Future
News
Press Releases
Sustainability Reports
Publications
Video Gallery
Contact Our Media Department
Why Coal
Industry Resources
Glossary Of Terms
Contact Us
PRIVACY NOTICE
PRIVACY NOTICE
Last modified: May 31, 2019
Drummond Company, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries
or affiliates (collectively, the “Company” or “We”)
respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance
with this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice describes the types of
information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit one
of our websites (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using,
maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and its treatment. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website, after we make changes, is deemed as acceptance of those changes, so please check back from time to time.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOUAUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIESDISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWEBSITE LINKSWHAT LAWS GOVERN THE OPERATION OF THE COMPANY’S WEBSITES AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONCHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect several types of information
from and about users of our Website, including information by which you may be
personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone
number, or other personal information (“personal information”) and about
your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage
details. We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to
us and automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected
automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information
collected through cookies or automatic data collection technologies, as further
described below.
AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TECHNOLOGIES
As you navigate through and interact with our
Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain
information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including
details of your visits to our Website and information about your computer and
internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser
type. The information we collect automatically may include personal
information, but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information
we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve
our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service.
The technologies we use for this automatic
data collection may include Cookies (or browser cookies), which
is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to
accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.
However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts
of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will
refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to
our Website.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about
our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without
restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you
provide as described in this Privacy Notice to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support
our business; to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it; for any other
purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. We may also disclose
your personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal
process, including responding to any government or regulatory request; to
enforce or apply our terms of use; and/or if we believe disclosure is necessary
or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Drummond, our
customers, or others.
WEBSITE LINKS
The Website may contain links to other
websites. While the Company tries, to link only to sites that share its high
standards and respect for privacy, the Company cannot take responsibility for
the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. We make no
representations whatsoever about any other website that may be linked to our
site. Any link from another site to our site does not mean that we endorse or
accept any responsibility for the content or the use of such website. If you use
the other websites, you do so at your own risk. We make no warranty or
representation regarding them, and do not sponsor or endorse any linked
websites, the information or materials appearing on them, or any of the
products and services they describe. Links from another website to ours does
not imply that we are affiliated or associated with the linked site, or that it
is authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright of ours. In
addition, third party websites may have different privacy policies and you
should review them.
WHAT LAWS GOVERN THE OPERATION OF THE COMPANY’S WEBSITE AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our websites are governed and operated in
accordance with the laws of the United States, while designed to be compatible
with the laws of the countries in which we operate.
Because we are an international business, the
computer servers that support our websites and process your personal
information may be located outside the country from which you accessed our
websites and your information was collected.
Consequently, your personal information may be processed, maintained
and/or transferred abroad in and to another country, which does not have the
same privacy laws as your country of residence.
If so, we will handle your personal information in accordance with this
Privacy Notice.
Be aware that by using our websites or
providing us with information, you are (a) agreeing that our websites are
subject to the laws of the United States, and (b) consenting to the collection,
processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United
States and/or other countries.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY NOTICE
It is our policy to post any changes we make
to our Privacy Notice on this page. The date the Privacy Notice was last
revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically
visiting our Website and this Privacy Notice to check for any changes.
© Copyright
2020 Drummond Company, Inc.
*For purposes of this website, Drummond Company, Inc. and its affiliates shall be referred to as Drummond. Unless otherwise specified Drummond does not refer to any specific entity.
All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy Statement
P.O. Box 10246
Birmingham, Alabama 35202
(205) 945-6300