http://www.seeoursound.com/30-privacy-and-use-statement/74-privacy-and-use-statement?ml=1
See Our Sound Privacy & Use Statement
Privacy StatementThank you for visiting our website. Personal privacy and security of information are mutual concerns of See Our Sound and visitors to this business web site. Herein after referred to as "SOS".
This Statement explains SOS's Internet policies and security measures relating to personal privacy and information security. Please read the following conditions and information carefully.
SOS will not obtain personally identifying information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information. If you choose to send e-mail, registration, or other personal information over the Internet, you do so voluntarily.
SOS will not disclose personal information provided to it except as follows:
• At your request, which may be oral, in writing, by telephone, electronic or other means we recognize;
• To assist SOS in evaluating its programs and to continue to improve the quality of your on-line and business experience;
• When disclosure is required by law, such as pursuant to court order, subpoena, legal process or government agency examination or investigation, or to protect or enforce our rights;
• To companies that perform services for SOS in connection with your business or visitation, such as data processing and financial transaction processing companies and agencies
Privacy and Security
Complete privacy, confidentiality and security are not yet possible over the Internet. As a result, SOS will not be responsible or liable for any harm or loss resulting from use, communication or transmission of any information to or from this website. Material is not to be copied from our website.This site is protected by Google Invisible reCAPTCHA v3 and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Use at Your own Risk and Information Accuracy
The contents and information of this website are given strictly for your convenience and to support the business activities and raise public awareness of SOS as a business. Any information is subject to change and updated from time to time without prior notice.The information in this Site is intended for information purposes only. We will not be held responsible for any detrimental reliance you place on this Site or its content. It is agreed that if you use of this website it shall be on an "as is" basis and entirely at your own risk.
No Liability Implied or Stated
SOS, its officers, agents, employees, or any other person associated with this Site, shall not be liable or responsible for any harm, loss or damage (whether arising in contract, tort negligence, or otherwise) that may arise in any connection with use of this Site, including any indirect, direct, special, third party, or consequential damages.
Any Hypertext Links Are Not Endorsements
Other websites that may be accessed from this website by hypertext links, are entirely independent of this website and SHALL NOT BE in any manner construed as any reflection on, or any affiliation with, or endorsement of such site, or entity, or its respective products or services.We value your visit to our website. Should you have any questions about this site, these conditions, or products and services, please contact SOS.
Use of Trademark and Logo Not Permitted
Site For Personal Use Only
The contents of this Site are for your own personal use. No one has permission to copy, distribute disseminate, commercially exploit, republish, or otherwise communicate any part of such contents in any manner whatsoever without the prior written consent of our office.