https://www.gobcafunds.com/privacy-policy/
Call us (949)464-1900
301 Forest Avenue, Laguna Beach, California 92651
Request a meeting Account Access
Home
> Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your relationship with Brian Carruthers & Associates (BCA) is based on trust and confidence. To fulfill its responsibilities to you, BSA requires that you provide current and accurate financial and personal information. You deserve to expect that BCA will protect the information you have provided in a manner that is safe, secure and professional.
Safeguarding Customer Documents
We collect non-public customer data in checklists, forms, in written notations, and in documentation provided to us by our customers for evaluation, registration and licensing or related consulting services. We also create internal lists of such data.
During regular business hours, access to customer records is monitored so that only those with approval may access the files. During hours in which the company is not in operation, the customer records will be locked.
No individual who is not so authorized shall obtain or seek to obtain personal and financial customer information. No individual with authorization to access personal and financial customer information shall share the information in any manner without the specific consent of a firm principal. Failure to observe BCA procedures regarding customer and consumer privacy will result in discipline and may lead to termination.
Sharing Non Public Personal and Financial Information
BCA is committed to the protection and privacy of its customers’ and consumers’ personal and financial information. BCA will not share such information with any nonaffiliated third party, except:
When necessary to complete a transaction in the account, such as with the clearing firm or account custodian;
When required to maintain or service a customer account;
To resolve customer disputes;
When required by a fiduciary or beneficiary of the accounts;
To rating agencies or to the client’s attorneys or accountants;
When required by a regulatory agency or for other reasons required or permitted by law;
In connection with a sale or merger of BCA business, or
In any circumstances with the customer’s instruction or consent.
Opt-Out Provisions
It is not a policy of BCA to share nonpublic personal and financial information with unaffiliated third parties except under the circumstances noted above. Since sharing under the circumstances noted above is necessary to service customer accounts or is mandated by law, there are no allowances made for clients to opt out.
Managed Income
Income & Growth
Momentum
Portfolio Performance
Have any questions?
We offer a complimentary “Get Acquainted” meeting to describe our services, and to see if our services are right for you. Please go on the contact page and complete the form.
Request a meeting now
Coyright
2020 BCA Funds. All rights reserved.
Website designed by Drive Traffic Media