https://www.avsec.com/about/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policysplash2020-08-13T17:24:39+00:00
We are Green Light Limited and we operate from 375 Upper Richmond Road West, East Sheen, London SW14 7NX, UK. We are committed to protect your personal information which is processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Information we collect and its useAny personal information you provide is collected solely for legitimate business purposes and we ensure all data is managed lawfully, fairly and transparently. This includes processing registrations or enquiries, keeping you informed about our events, products, courses, and editorial requirements.
Whenever we process data for these purposes we will ensure that we always keep your personal data rights in high regard and take account of these rights.
We will only collect the personal information that is necessary for the purposes mentioned above. It includes some or all of the following:
Full NameJob TitleCompany Name & AddressTelephone & Fax NumberEmail AddressSource (where we know you from)
Our database comprises contacts whom we know personally, who have attended events we have organised, who have visited our stands at trade shows, who we have liaised with in respect of subscriptions or editorial content for Aviation Security International, are industry contacts of our directors, applicants for posts or roles at Green Light or who have corresponded with us via email or post.
We may keep you informed of our services by using the following methods:
– Post– Email
If you do not wish to receive information from Green Light Limited, please:
Call us on +44 (0)20 8255 9447 or email gchahal@avsec.com
Click the unsubscribe link when receiving emails from us and update your preferences
Sharing dataWe do not rent or sell our customer e-mail lists. We may give information about you to the following (who may use it for the same purposes as set out above):
Agents and third parties who fulfil any services on Green Light Limited’s behalf (e.g. to administer payments for purchases, dispatch tickets and information etc.).
To other delegates (only where you are attending in a professional capacity, e.g. business related events) where it is expected that attendees will have access to a list of attendees and their organisation.
To anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties with you (for example a sale of the business or the sale of a particular event).
If we have a duty to do so or if the law requires us to do so.
SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. Access to all contacts’ information is restricted to our offices. No staff, aside from the Managing Director, are permitted to take copies of our database out of the offices. Only the Managing Director and designated Database Manager, currently Gurbir Chahal, are granted access to the database. Other staff may request specific contacts details from the Database Manager on a need to know basis. Our servers are kept in a secure environment.
Updating your details and right to be removedWe will make every attempt to keep your personal data accurate, complete and up to date. If your personal information is incorrect, changes or if you no longer wish to receive information from us, we will correct, update or remove your information as swiftly as possible. Please call us on +44 (0)20 8255 9447 or email gchahal@avsec.com.
Go to Top