http://www.thasc.com/privacy-policy.htm
Cart
Account
Help
Check Out
All Products
Assorted Pens
Individual Cards
Anniversary Cards
Best Wishes Cards
Blank Note Cards
Business Thank You Cards
Christmas Business Cards
Congratulations Cards
Get Well Cards
Happy Birthday Cards
Patriotic Cards
Religious Christmas Cards
Seasons Greetings Cards
Sympathy Cards
Thank You Cards
Thinking Of You Cards
Assorted Cards
Password Keepers
Business Card Magnets
Highlighters
Fine Point Markers
Address Books
Key Chains
Pocket Planners
Envelope Openers
Individual Products
All Categories
PensCards
Individual Cards
Assorted Cards
View All Cards
Featured
Stylus Pens
Password Keepers
Envelope Openers
THASC 2020 Pocket Planners
Christmas Cards
Fine Point Markers
AboutContact
Home
All Products
Pens
Cards
Individual Cards
Assorted Cards
View All Cards
Featured
Stylus Pens
Password Keepers
Envelope Openers
THASC 2020 Pocket Planners
Christmas Cards
Fine Point Markers
About
Contact
Privacy Policy THASC Sales Company, Inc.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the THASC Sales Company, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
(etc.)
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by accessing your ACCOUNT online with your LOGIN and PASSWORD that you create. You may access your ACCOUNT by clicking on the ACCOUNT from the THASC Sales Company, Inc. website homepage. You must enter your LOGIN and PASSWORD to access you ACCOUNT online. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (954) 978-3900, send us an email (contact us), or write to us at 2800 Gateway Dr. Ste. 103, Pompano Beach FL 33069.
Your #1 source for greeting cards, ballpoint pens, magnets, magnetic address books, highlighters, and pocket planners. Calendars all assembled, packaged, and wrapped by the handicapped and senior citizens.
Copyright 2001-2015 thasc.com | All Rights Reserved
800.835.1527 | Contact THASC | Privacy Policy | Partners
Powered by Netformz Web Design Company