http://www.minipressuregauge.co.uk/privacy-cookie-policy/
Home
Company Profile
Model engineering
23mm high pressure indicators 100 bar - 400 bar
23mm standard pressure indicators
Digital Pressure Gauges
Pressure gauges
Pressure gauge accessories
High pressure gauges 15,000 psi - 75,000 psi
Vacuum gauges
Capsule pressure and vacuum gauges
Temperature gauges
Diaphragm and Hygienic seals
Pressure gauge repair, service and calibration
Nitrogen regulators
Safety Relief valves
Fire extinguishing button indicators
Pressure gauge accessories
Privacy Cookie Policy
This notice explains how we will process your personal information.
Data Protection Principles
Miniature Pressure Gauge Ltd complies with the principles of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 (PECR).
The eight principles relating to the processing of personal information are:
Personal data shall be processed fairly and lawfully
Personal data shall be obtained only for one or more specified and lawful purposes
Personal data shall be adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purpose or purposes for which they are processed
Personal data shall be accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date
Personal data processed for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary
Personal data shall be processed in accordance with the rights of data subjects under this Act
Appropriate technical and organisational measures shall be taken against unauthorised or unlawful processing of personal data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data
Personal data shall not be transferred to a country or territory outside the European Economic Area unless that country or territory ensures an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of personal data
Your privacy and security is of utmost importance to us.
We will always follow these principles and ask you how you would like us to communicate with you.
The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) regulates compliance with GDPR.
See details at end of this page.
Why we collect your data?
By collecting your data, it allows us to understand what your needs and wants are. It also allows us to provide targeted offers and services you may be interested to hear about.
Cookies and IP Addresses
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and to identify users returning to a website.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies. A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential for the running of our websites. Without the use of these cookies parts of our websites would not function, these are typically used within contact forms or the secure login section of our site.
Analytical Cookies
We use these types of cookies to monitor the usage of our website. These cookies provide us with information that helps us provide a better service / product to our customer, they also identify any areas that may need maintenance.
Third Party Cookies
We may also track IP addresses. An IP Address is a number that can identify an Internet Service Provider and country location. It cannot provide personal information.
How to control the use of cookies
You are not obliged to accept cookies and may modify your browser so that it will not accept cookies. The browser you use allows you to see cookies and control their use.
You can control them by allowing them, deleting them individually or deleting all of them. You can also set your browser to not accept cookies altogether. If this option is selected, you should be aware that many websites will not function properly or at all. It may be possible to set your browser to not accept cookies and ask for your consent before each cookie is set on your device. This gives you control over what is set on your device, however has the drawback of slowing down your browsing experience.
There are different levels of control too. You are able to prevent just third party cookies being deployed, effectively opting out of behavioural advertising, and some even allow you to block specific companies you do not wish to deploy a cookie, instead of selecting all companies.
In order to manage your cookies, please select your browser from the list below and follow the instructions:
Chrome
Firefox
Internet Explorer
Opera
Safari
How To Prevent Online Behavioural Advertising
Further to configuring your browser to control the use of cookies, there are also other ways that you can opt out of online behavioural advertising.
The "Your Online Choices" page provided by the Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB), provides an easy way to opt out of behavioural advertising from each (or all) of the networks represented by the IAB.
Some more useful information about Cookies
More information about cookies can be found at the following websites:
All About Cookies
Information Commissioners Office
Microsoft Cookies Guide
Your Online Choices
If you have any questions about the use of cookies on our websites, please email: info@miniaturepressuregauge.com
Marketing consent
If you are an existing customer we will keep you informed of our latest news, products and services.
When you give us your personal information, we will give you an option to receive additional on-going marketing communications from us.
We do not sell our customer data to other companies.
All of our marketing communications will have a method to unsubscribe. You may also exercise your right to opt out for marketing purposes at any time by contacting us by one of the methods explained at the end of this notice.
Disclosure
Your personal information will be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law to do so. If you post or send offensive or objectionable content anywhere on or to any of our websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any of our websites, we can use the information that is available to us about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
How to contact us
By email: info@miniaturepressuregauge.com
By telephone: +44(0)121 551 9910
By mail:
Miniature Pressure Gauge Ltd.
Block 6, Unit 5 & 6
Shenstone Trading Estate
Halesowen
West Midlands
B63 3XB
United Kingdom
Miniature Pressure Gauge Ltd.Block 6, Unit 5 & 6Shenstone Trading EstateHalesowenWest MidlandsB63 3XBUnited Kingdom
Tel: +44(0)121 551 9910
Fax: +44(0)121 550 7492
info@miniaturepressuregauge.com
© Copyright 2020 Miniature Pressure Gauge Ltd.
Opening HoursMon to Thus: 07:30 - 16:30Friday: 07:30 - 13:30
Registered in England and Wales No. 04444053
VAT UK
Terms & Conditions | Privacy
By continuing to use the site you agree to our privacy & cookies policy
Scroll