http://www.energyrecovery.com/eri-privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyPrivacy and Your Information
This Privacy Notice explains how Energy Recovery, Inc. (“ERI”) uses your private information in connection with our products, services and technologies. It applies to ERI’s use of your personal information across our website as needed to facilitate customer and end-user relationships without compromising your privacy. This Privacy Notice describes how we use your personal information while we maintain the integrity of your privacy rights. ERI does not sell your information.
Type of Information that ERI Collects
ERI collects business information that may include your contact details and any business account information. The categories of your information collected may include:
Identifiers such as your first name, last name, email address, IP address, unique device identifiers or other online identifier; and
Other information that relates to or is capable of being associated with you, such as information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our website in connection with ERI’s products and services information.
Sources Where ERI May Collect Your Information
ERI may collect your personal information from a variety of sources. Your information may be collected directly from you or from third party parties in connection with business activities.
Your Information May Be Used To
Conduct business with ERI
Communicate about ERI products, technologies and services
Enter into commercial transactions
Deliver information to you about marketing events and emerging technologies
Disclose information as required by law in responding to actions regarding legal claims and investigations and compliance matters
Processing of Information
ERI has its headquarters in the United States with offices, affiliates, employees, representatives, partners, and service providers located around the world. As a result, ERI may transfer your information, including your Personal Data to, or process your information in, the United States and/or countries other than the country in which your information was collected or provided.
Data Protection and Security Measures
Maintaining the security of your information is very important to ERI. We use reasonable technologies to keep your Personal Data secure, and we implement reasonable security measures, that are designed to protect against the accidental or unlawful destruction loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to your Personal Data.
Your Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
CA Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq.
You have the right to have notice about the collection and use of your personal information;
You have the right to request access to your personal information and request deletion
You have the right to request to opt out the sale of personal information without being discriminated against for exercising such rights
Your Rights Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
ERI may collect, store and process information on our website and in databases in the United States and abroad. ERI complies with the GDPR privacy laws in effect to protect your data. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, ERI adheres to the principles set forth in this Privacy Notice and strives to provide adequate protection for your information no matter where that information is collected, transferred or retained.
Use of Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser when you visit a website. Cookies enable websites to access information about the pages you visit and your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size, and other display preferences) over a period of time. ERI uses Cookies to ensure the functioning of our website, as well as to provide better service when users return to our website. For example, using cookies with the website allows you to come back to our website or browse without having to resubmit your preferences and other information. In certain instances, Cookies may be considered Personal Data that is subject to privacy protection.
You can choose to accept or decline Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept Cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies if you prefer. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website.
ERI Privacy Policy Changes
ERI may occasionally update this Privacy Notice. When we make any changes, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the privacy notice.
Questions Regarding This Privacy Notice
Email: privacy@energyrecovery.com