http://www.thomas-sports.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Customer Service Mon-Fri 9am-4.30pmTel - 01262 678299mail@thomas-sports.com
Home |
Log In |
0
- £0.00
0
- £0.00
Categories
Sports Containers2Mains & Reserves37AADs, Batteries, Cutters & Accessories9Visual Altimeters5Audible Altimeters5Goggles and Gloves6Knives, Pouches, Equipment Bags & Mats5Log Books and Holders2Glider Pilots Equipment4Container Components28Packing & Rigging31Special OffersNew Products ...All Products ...
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice - How Will We Use Your Information?
Thomas Defences Systems Ltd is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of all our customers and visitors.
Thomas Defence Systems Ltd shall comply with data protection legislation in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Thomas Defence Systems Ltd shall protect access only data and/or proprietary information and shall ensure that information will be protected.
Confidential information of any kind will be protected against unlawful or unauthorised use or disclosure.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information, it will be kept entirely confidential and not transferred or passed to any other party, unless used only as permission authorised by the owner of the information to do so, or so required by law.
Security of confidential information shall include accidental loss, destruction or damage to personal data.
This shall include company, customer and supplier data.
Personal information collected and processed by the Company from customers when making a purchase from our store is used for administration and billing/invoicing purposes only.
The information provided by an individual is used solely to fulfil the individuals’ request.
Any contact information that is collected will expressly be; contact details and payment information, such as credit or debit card.
By providing personal information either by telephone, email, website or other means, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy.
Changes will be posted immediately and changes will only apply to activities and information effected.
You are encouraged to review the privacy policy when you are providing personal information to ensure you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
In general we do not require that you provide us with your personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the website, however, in order to take part in some of the functions, activities and access some services it will be necessary for you to provide personal data on certain areas of the site.
By providing personal data you fully understand and consent to collection of such personal data and the terms and conditions of the privacy policy.
We require information to administer and enhance the site, understand your needs and provide you with a better service, in particular we gather information for the following reasons;
•	To process your order and obtain payment.
•	Internet record keeping.
•	To possibly use said information to improve our products and services.
•	To enable us to send promotional emails/information about new products, offers, safety notices, and any other information that we think may be relevant or have an interest in by using the email address which you have provided.
•	To enable us to contact you via the email address and/or telephone/fax number, which you provided for market research purposes.
Please note that the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this Company only.
If you link to other websites or contact other suppliers, please review the individual privacy policies of those sites/suppliers.
Once you have used these links to leave our site, we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide when visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
No person, business or website may link to any page on this site without the prior permission of Thomas Defence Systems Ltd.
Links may be provided on this site to non-Thomas Defence Systems Ltd websites, Thomas Defence Systems Ltd does not necessarily agree with, or support the content of link sites.
Collection of Information/Orders:
When ordering from the Company we request information from customers with the order.
Here customers must provide contact information.
Personally identifiable information, when voluntarily submitted by our visitors/customers will be collected, such as:
•	Name and contact information including email identification.
•	Demographic information, postal addresses, preferences and interests.
•	Financial information and payment details (credit/debit card number/expiration/start date)
•	Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or mailing lists.
The information you provide is used to fulfil your specific request/order and for billing purposes. If we experience problems processing an order, this contact information is used to contact the customer.
Cookie/Tracking Technology:
The website may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features of the site offered.
Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating systems, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and to understand how visitors use the site.
Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.
IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Aggregate cookie and tracking technology information gathered is for information use only.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies set by Thomas Defence Systems Ltd
Cookies are small files placed on your web-enabled device while browsing the internet which aim to improve your browsing experience.
For example:
•	Information you’ve already entered can be remembered so you don’t have to enter it again the next time you visit.
•	Similarly, your login details such as username and password can be temporarily saved so you don’t have to enter them each time you visit.
•	Cookies can also measure site traffic to help us improve the service we provide.
Cookie information helps us in analysing data and web traffic, aiding us to improve and tailor the website in general and to customer needs.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website and service, by enabling us to monitor for example, which pages you find useful.
A cookie does not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share.
The information is for statistical analysis purpose and is then removed from the system.
We may store information regarding visitor’s ISP domain, the time accessed and the pages visited.
Distribution of Information:
We may share information with government agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation.
We may do so when; permitted or required by law; trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or when investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for any other purpose than described.
Information will not be distributed for marketing purposes and will not be sold, otherwise distributed or leased.
Commitment to Data Security:
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure as part of our commitment to data protection, as part of the Data Protection Act 1998.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, Thomas Defence Systems Ltd have in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
The Company takes every precaution to protect the users’ information.
When our registration/order requests users to enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected by industry encryption software.
Thomas Defence Systems Ltd cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur, however, we take great care in maintaining the security of your personal data and in preventing unauthorized access with appropriate technology and internal procedures.
Contact Information:
If you have any questions, concerns or comments relating to our privacy policy you may contact us directly, by letter, email or verbal means.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write or email us as soon as possible.
We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings should you wish.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by Thomas Defence Systems Ltd.
Back
Documents
Cancellations/Returns/RefundsShipping InformationTerms & Conditions
Search
Advanced Search
Bestsellers
TDS POP TOP 26' EMERGENCY PARACHUTE£1,890.00
TSE Logbook (Hardback)£13.50
Tube Stoes - Microline£12.50
Curved Pin - Stainless£3.90
PROTRACK II£270.00
BOC Pocket£24.00
Bungies - Microline£22.00
Main Closing Loop£3.00
Rig/Equipment Bag£75.00
TDS Tackified Gloves£15.00
Shop
Home
Featured
New Arrivals
View All
Customer Service
Contact Us
About Us
My Account
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Payment Methods
Copyright © 2020 Thomas Sports.
Powered by MCS.
Hosted By MCS Hosts4UThomas Sports, Pinfold Lane Industrial Estate, Bridlington, East Yorkshire, YO16 6XS
Site Map
Privacy Notice