http://www.harris.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Homepage
Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
In a world of ever-accelerating change, we move forward faster.
What are you looking for?
open info
Our technology enables satellite and hosted payload owners and operators to quickly add new capabilities and adjust to changing missions – even after the satellite is on orbit.
Learn how
open info
L3Harris specializes in comprehensive responsive space solutions that deliver rapid, resilient capabilities for complex missions in ever-changing security environments.
Explore more
open info
Our 50-year heritage has enabled us to bring innovative solutions, like our High Compaction Ratio antenna (pictured) to market to propel customers into space faster, more reliably and at a lower cost.
open info
L3Harris pushes the boundaries of space technology by providing reliable antenna and sensor solutions for critical communications, imagery and global positioning, navigation and timing missions.
Explore more
What's New
Visit our newsroom and discover how we’re pacing a changing world with speed, scale and flawless execution.
Visit
Editorial
Our Commitment to a Diverse and Inclusive Culture
L3Harris published its first Diversity and Inclusion Annual Report to show our progress toward creating a diverse and inclusive culture.
Read more
Press release
L3Harris Reports Strong Third Quarter 2020 Results and Raises Outlook
L3Harris Technologies, Inc. reported third quarter 2020 revenue of $4.5 billion, up 0.7% versus prior year, and up 4.4% on an organic basis.
Read more
Press release
L3Harris Technologies to Support Development of Artificial Intelligence Systems for DOD Program
L3Harris Technologies will help the U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) develop artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML) systems to help reduce the amount of time it takes to decipher usable intelligence from increasing amounts of data collected from space and airborne assets.
Read more
L3Harris Capabilities
Choose an industry to see the most relevant information.
One mission to protect, connect and inform
Forward looking solutions that solve our customers’ toughest challenges
About L3Harris
18B+
Annual Revenue
48K
Employees
100
Countries
Sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.
Your Next Challenge Awaits
We’ve engineered a culture where varied perspectives, pioneering ideas and work that makes a difference, converge to accelerate your career. Step forward.
Learn more about careers at L3Harris
Find your career
Tell us a little about yourself and we’ll show you the careers that fit you best.
Featured
Trade Release | 11. 09. 2020
US Navy, Air Force Award L3Harris Technologies Order for Two-Channel Handheld Tactical Radios Enabling Advanced Battle Management System
The Naval Information Warfare Systems Command, supporting the U.S. Air Force, has awarded L3Harris Technologies an order for nearly 1,000 Falcon IV® AN/PRC-163 two-channel handheld tactical radios that will provide Air Force personnel with Tactical Air Control Party (TACP) airmen with advanced communications capabilities.
Read more
Trade Release | 11. 09. 2020
US Navy, Air Force Award L3Harris Technologies Order for Two-Channel Handheld Tactical Radios Enabling Advanced Battle Management System
Trade Release | 11. 04. 2020
US Marine Corps Awards L3Harris Technologies $88 Million IDIQ Contract with Initial Delivery Order for Panther Satellite Terminals
Trade Release | 11. 05. 2020
L3Harris Technologies Receives First Delivery Order for the US Army’s Next Generation Rifle-Mounted Aiming Laser
Editorial
SLERS: 20 Years of Uninterrupted State Agency Support
Press release | 10. 26. 2020
US Special Operations Command Awards L3Harris Technologies $82 Million Order for New Falcon® IV Multi-Channel Manpack Radios
Browse News