https://www.structure-flex.co.uk/data-privacy-policy
Air Lift Bags
Find Out More!
Toggle navigation
01263 863 100
Contact Us
Home
Product Areas
Commercial Transport
Digital Print
Bulk Packaging
Proof Test
Air Lift Bags
Mobildeich
About Us
Contact Us
Latest News
Special Projects
Testimonials
Job Opportunities
Structure-flex Data Privacy Policy
The GDPR applies to all organisations within the UK and Structure-flex is required to communicate how we shall manage the limited personal information we hold on our customers and commercial contacts.
As a manufacturer of bespoke inflation tanks, lifting accessories and vehicle curtains our CRM data is maintained to support the legitimate interests of our customers and ourselves in the provision and delivery of our service to the EU and International marketplace. Consent is in place within the GDP Regulations to hold and fairly process personal data where such legitimate interests exist.
The type of information we hold for our commercial contacts includes:
Name
Job title
Work phone number
Work email
This information will be accurately maintained and used only for the legitimate purposes of providing our products and services to customers and prospective customers.
As a business Structure-flex takes the utmost care to protect the data we hold and to ensure that it is only used for its intended purpose of supporting our existing customers, delivery of service to them or to market our services to prospective new customers. Access by unauthorised parties is strictly prohibited and prevented through the application of suitable and appropriate security restrictions.
Structure-flex will not share this data with 3rd parties unless they are an authorised member of our supply chain who are required to process data on our behalf to enable the delivery of our products, its storage, accuracy and retention within our business. Structure-flex will not sell or share this data with 3rd parties seeking to provide other services.
Your rights under the GDPR are not affected by our processing of this data however should you wish to contact us with any requests for information please address your communication to enquiries@structure-flex.co.uk
Should the request be required to be handled by the organisation with whom the original consent was established we shall notify you of this.
We're Proud To Supply
Twitter Feed
Tweets by @Structure_flex
Latest News
Cost-Effective Lorry Curtains for Clean Lines and Bold Designs
Structure-flex Help Broads’ Police Prevent Engine Thefts
Structure-flex Introduce Anglo-German Flood Defence
Structure-flex & Clarendon Offer Vehicle Operators ‘Wow-Factor’
Structure-flex & Clarendon Offer Vehicle Operators [...]
Special Projects
British Antarctic Survey Team Know Their Onions
At the beginning of the year a British Antarctic S [...]
Wananchi - Water Pure Enough to Drink
Water is such an essential element for life but it [...]
Revolutionary Goose Guards Help Broads Conservation
We've produced some PVC silt curtains thatar [...]
Spheres!
Making the Zorbs for Sphere Mania is an intric [...]
Contact Us
Please let us know how you found us
Google/Internet search engine
Recommendation
Product Label
Social Media
Trade Magazine / Editorial
Other
Send
Find Us
Structure-flex ltd
33 Holt Road
Cromer
Norfolk, NR27 9EB
Phone: 01263 863 100
Mail: enquiries@structure-flex.co.uk
Office Hours
Monday-Friday: 9am to 5pm
Saturday: Closed
Sunday: Closed
BSI Accreditations and Policies
QMS ISO 9001:2015
OHSAS ISO 45001:2018
Integrated Management System
Links
Commercial Transport
Tension Curtains
Smoothside
SlidaFlex
Rollover Sheets
Step Deck/Double Deck
Vehicle Wraps
Insulation
Security
Reflex
Poultry
Cab and Rear Door Graphics
Load Restraint Nets
Digital Print
Signage & Advertising
Banners
Internal Wall Wraps
Exhibitions & Events
Vehicle Graphics & Wraps
Building/Scaffold Wrap
Proof Test
Proof Load Testing
Lifeboat Testing
Gangway Testing
Open Top Tank
Moon Pool Test Bag
Bulk Packaging
Original Big Bag
Strap Bag
Ring Bag
Baffle Bag
System Eclipse
Pillow Tank
Open Top Tank
Downloads
Exhibition Catalogue
Lifeboat Test Bags
Original Big Bag
Proof Test Bags
Smoothside Curtains
System Eclipse
Tension Curtains
Policies
Privacy Policy
Data Privacy Policy
Job Applicant Data Protection
Cookie Policy