http://www.woodard-furniture.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their personally identifiable information (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience. We may also collect your IP address when we suspect that credit card fraud may have occurred.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To improve our responses to customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
We update our website on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. Additionally, our hosting provider scans our website for malware on a regular basis..Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. Additionally, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All credit card transactions are processed through a secure gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may also use third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser’s settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable or turn off the use of cookies, some of our website functionality will also be disabled. It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en.  We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We may have implemented one or more of the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We and third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. You can also opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking.
Should a data breach occur,
we will notify registered users via email and visitors via sitenotification within 7 business days upon becoming aware of any such data breach
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
We may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
We agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at: retail3@woodard-furniture.com,
or follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Your Acceptance of these Terms
By using our website, you agree to accept Stori Modern’s privacy policy. Make sure you read this policy carefully, because if you do choose to use our website, you automatically agree to this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our website. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove our privacy policy in whole or in part. We will inform you of any changes to this policy by posting a notice on our website. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.woodard-furniture.com650 South RoyalCoppell, TX 75019United Statesretail3@woodard-furniture.com800.877.2290
Last Edited on 2016-01-11