http://www.lansen-nursery.co.uk/cookie-and-privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Lansen Nursery Ltd
Phone Number
01775 713010
Fax Number
01775 710756
Email Address
info@lansen-nursery.co.uk
Home
Retail
Amenity
Product Availability
Team
Contact
Cookie and Privacy policy
You Are Here:
Home
/
Cookie and Privacy policy
OUR COOKIE AND PRIVACY POLICY
The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information that we may obtain about you.
PRIVACY POLICY
The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information that we may obtain about you. By either registering as a user of any services provided by Lansen Nursery on this website and by using the Lansen Nursery web site generally you agree to this use.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION1. When you register and use this site:
You will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.Some of our services may require further details.
2. We will not use the information obtained by us for marketing purposes.
3. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
FRAUD PREVENTION4. In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other Group companies, other retailers and to financial and other organisations (including law enforcement agencies) involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION5. We may give information about you to the following, who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:
to other companies promoted on Lansen-Nursery.co.uk;
to employees and agents of these companies to administer any accounts, products and services;
agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs;
to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions.
to anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you;
if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
6. In carrying out the activities specified in this section, we may transfer data to reputable companies outside the European Economic Area. We take steps to ensure that your information will be afforded the same level of protection as that required of us under applicable UK data protection legislation.
COOKIESAlmost all website use cookies to provide you with the best website they can. For more information on cookies visit the All About Cookies website.
COOKIE PERMISSIONSYour continued use of this website with cookies enabled, we take as consent that you are fine with this. Should you want to stop using cookies on our site you must either turn off cookies or stop using our site.
COOKIES ON OUR WEBSITEWhat our cookies do:
Make our website workRemember your login so you don't have to login each visitImprove the security of the websiteThere is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Cookie name
Cookie description
ASP.NET_SessionId
This is the main cookie we use to make the website work and display at it's best.
__utma, __utmb, __utmc, __utmz
These cookies are from google analytics. They help us keep a record of visits and key pages.
SECURITY12. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing on-line over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
13. For further information about the steps we take to protect your information and make online shopping as secure as possible, please see information on Secure online shopping.
GENERAL14. You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you, upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us (see details below).
15. Please be aware that our site may link to other web sites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked web sites.
GDPR Consent Notice
We provide a clear privacy notice wherever personal data is collected to ensure that consent is requested, and that the data subject is informed of their rights in relation to their personal data.
Our company demonstrates data subject(s) consent to the processing of his or her personal data or explicit consent for sensitive personal data by asking for permission.
Our company demonstrates data subject(s) consent is intelligible and accessible using clear and plain language.
Our company demonstrates data subject(s) are informed of their right to withdraw consent before giving consent notice in line with our agreed consent notice.
Our company demonstrates processing of data is limited to that stated in the contract, bound by the explicit consent given by the data subject.
GDPR Privacy Notice
Lansen Nursery Ltd grow and supply garden plants to UK wholesalers and retailers.
Data Protection Officer can be contacted directly here:
info@lansen-nursery.co.uk
01775 713010
The personal data we collect and process from you could include:
Contact Name and position within your organisation including responsibilities, titles and contact information
Company bank account details
Services products you may be interested in
Details within the market you operate
The personal data we collect will be used for the following purposes:
Ensure we can trade with your business, receive payments from and make payments to as required
Provide marketing information on related products and services relevant to your position and business
Our legal basis for processing for the personal data:
You have given consent to the processing of your personal data for one or more specific purposes;
Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party too
Processing is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the you or your business
Consent
By consenting to this privacy notice you are giving us permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes identified.
You may withdraw consent at any time by emailing info@lansen-nursery.co.uk
Disclosure
We will not pass on your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your consent.
Retention period
We will store personal data for a period of 3 years following the cease of any trading contact with you unless we are required by law to hold specific information for a longer period.
Your rights as a data subject
The right to be informed: We will always tell individuals what data is being collected, how it’s being used, how long it will be kept and whether it will be shared with any third parties. This information must be communicated concisely and in plain language.
The right to access: Individuals can submit subject access requests, which oblige organizations to provide a copy of any personal data concerning the individual. Organizations have a maximum of one month to produce this information, although there are exceptions for requests that are manifestly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. We cannot charge the individual for this information processing.
The right to rectification: If the individual discovers that the information we hold on them is inaccurate or incomplete, they can request that it be updated. As with the right to access, we have one month to do this, and the same exceptions apply.
The right to erasure (also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’): Individuals can request that we erase their data in certain circumstances, such as when the data is no longer necessary, the data was unlawfully processed, or it no longer meets the lawful ground for which it was collected. This includes instances where the individual withdraws consent.
The right to restrict processing: Individuals can request that we limit the way we use personal data. It’s an alternative to requesting the erasure of data and might be used when the individual contests the accuracy of their personal data or when the individual no longer needs the information but the organisation requires it to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim.
The right to data portability: Individuals are permitted to obtain and reuse their personal data for their own purposes across different services. This right only applies to personal data that an individual has provided to us by way of a contract or consent.
The right to object: Individuals can object to the processing of personal data that is collected on the grounds of legitimate interests or the performance of a task in the interest/exercise of official authority. Organizations must stop processing information unless they can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing that overrides the interests, rights and freedoms of the individual or if the processing is for the establishment or exercise of defense of legal claims.
Rights related to automated decision making including profiling: The GDPR includes provisions for decisions made with no human involvement, such as profiling, which uses personal data to make calculated assumptions about individuals. There are strict rules about this kind of processing, and individuals are permitted to challenge and request a review of the processing if they believe the rules aren’t being followed.
Complaints
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by ourselves or how your complaint has been handled, you have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the supervisory authority and our Data Protection Officer by email to info@lansen-nursery.co.uk.
GDPR Policy statement
The Directors and management of our company are committed to compliance with all relevant EU and Member State laws in respect of personal data, and the protection of the “rights and freedoms” of individuals whom our Company collects and processes in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Compliance with the GDPR is described by our policy and other relevant policies such as our Information Security Policy.
This policy applies to all employees of our company and outsourced suppliers. Any breach of the GDPR will be dealt with under our disciplinary policy and may also be a criminal offence, in which case the matter will be reported as soon as possible to the appropriate authorities.
Compliance & Certification
We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office.
CONTACT USIf you have any comments or queries in connection with our privacy policy, please Email info@lansen-nursery.co.uk or call 01775 713010 or write to Lansen Nursery, Holbeach Road, Spalding PE12 6JR
We hope you found our new responsive website informative and helpful.
GDPR and Privacy statement
Quick Links
Home
Retail
Amenity
Product Availability
Team
Contact
Contacts
Phone Number01775 713010
Fax Number01775 710756
Email Addressinfo@lansen-nursery.co.uk
© 2020 Lansen Nursery Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Website By
Allow ×
This Site Uses Cookies
This website uses cookies to provide the best possible experience. By continuing to use our website you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Allow
Learn More