http://www.stevensandson.com/privacy-policy/
Our Privacy Policy
Stevens and Son Wholesale Florist considers the privacy of its customers to be of the utmost importance and has established a policy to maintain the confidentiality of the information you share with us.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We do not sell information to any third parties. However, we may collect and retain certain nonpublic personal information about you, including:
Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, or an address we receive from a third party when you have moved;
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency; and
Information about your transactions with our affiliates, or others, such as account balance and activity.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE MAY DISCLOSE
We occasionally disclose nonpublic information about you to affiliates and non-affiliates as permitted by law. Some instances when we may share information include:
Information to a third party in order to process account transactions that you request or authorize;
Information in connection with legal proceedings or as permitted or required by law.
Please keep the following in mind:
We collect only customer information necessary to consistently deliver products and services to help serve your financial needs; to provide a high standard of customer service and fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. The information we collected generally varies depending on the products or services you request.
When information is shared with third parties, they are not permitted to use the information for any purpose other than to assist our servicing of your account(s) or as permitted or required by law.
If you close your account(s) or if we lose contact with you, we will continue to share information in accordance with our current privacy policy and practices.
We restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to authorized employees. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
It is the policy of the Company to not directly or indirectly share nonpublic information about a customer with a non-affiliated third party except where permitted by law or to assist in our servicing of your business needs.
These measures reflect our commitment to maintaining the privacy of your confidential information. We appreciate the confidence you have shown by entrusting us with your assets.
We uphold these privacy principals throughout Stevens and Son and with our business partners. Companies with which we share customer information are required to maintain the confidentiality of that information.
We will reaffirm this policy annually in writing, as long as you maintain an ongoing relationship with Stevens and Son. This policy may change from time to time.
We will reaffirm this policy annually in writing, as long as you maintain an ongoing relationship with Stevens and Son. This policy may change from time to time.
Sincerely,
Stevens and Son Wholesale Florists
Download a copy
Search for:
Archives
January 2019 (1)
October 2018 (1)
March 2017 (1)
Categories
Blog
Featured
Uncategorized
Meta
Log in
Entries RSS
Comments RSS
WordPress.org