https://www.beka-schreder.co.za/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
Products
Projects
About us
News
Contact us
Bursary Programme
Outdoor
Indoor
Developer
Contractor
Architect
Privacy Policy
Homepage »
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) came into force on 25th May 2018. This is the perfect opportunity for the Schréder Group to affirm its commitment to respecting and protecting the personal information we process about you in the course of our business activities. Schréder has always taken your privacy very seriously.
This Privacy Policy describes who is responsible for the personal information that you communicate to us, what personal information we collect from you, how we will use or process such personal information, who we may disclose it to and your rights and choices in relation to your personal information.
In this Privacy Policy we refer to ‘personal information’, ‘personal data’ or ‘data’. We use these terms to describe information that is about you and which identifies you as a person or makes you identifiable, whether this information is collected on-line or through contacts with our employees.
1. Who is responsible for the personal information that we collect?
For the purpose of data protection law, Schréder SA, Rue de Lusambo 67, 1190 Brussels (Belgium) or any of its subsidiaries, as the case may be, is the data controller in respect of the personal information that we collect and use in the course of our business activities. This is because Schréder SA or its subsidiary determines the purpose for which your personal data is used and the means of processing. Occasionally, Schréder SA or any of its subsidiaries may also be the data processor, i.e. when we process the personal data on your behalf and under your instructions. Whether we are data controller or data processor, we always comply with our obligations under the GDPR.
2. How do we collect your personal information?
Depending on who you are, customer, supplier or other business partner, we interact with you in many different ways. Your personal data is usually collected directly by our various departments when conducting business with you (or with the company you represent), when you ask for information about our products and services, when you place orders with us, when you provide products or services to us, when we want to set up a partnership with you, when you attend our training sessions or events, etc.
Personal information is also given voluntarily by yourself, such as when you use the “contact us” feature on our web site or otherwise communicate with us, such as by e-mail or via our social media pages, when you register on one of our platforms, when you visit our exhibitions, when you subscribe to our newsletters etc.
3. What personal information do we process about you?
The personal data we collect mainly consist of :
your name and surname;
professional contact details (title, telephone, e-mail address, business address);
log-in details (when you register on one of our platforms);
the type of company you work for (municipality, contractor, architects office, etc.);
the type of projects you are interested in;
comments or audiorecording you leave on our platforms.
Schréder also collects certain information automatically when you use our website, such as :
the IP addresses and domain names of visitors;
browser and platform type;
history of pages viewed;
your location and other usage information about your use of the website.
We collect this information for site administration purposes, such as to analyse this data for trends and statistics. . We use this information to improve the services, develop new products and offer products and services that may be of interest to you. This data is also used to customise the content on our web site and to deliver a better experience to our users.
We may also collect personal information from job applications (such as your CV, the application form itself and the cover letter).
When we send e-mails to our registered customers, we may track who opened the e-mails and who clicked on any of the hyperlinks. We do this to measure the performance of our e-mail campaigns and to improve our offerings. You can ‘opt-out’ of such communications if you would prefer not to receive them in the future by using the “unsubscribe” facility provided in the communication itself.
If you are providing personal information related to a third party to us, you confirm that you have the consent of the third party to share such personal information with us (or another lawful basis, as the case may be) and that you have made the information in this Privacy Policy available to the third party.
4. For what purposes do we use your personal information?
Schréder may collect personal information for the following purposes :
to conclude and execute contracts with you;
to send you information that you have asked or that may be of interest to you based on your preferences;
to invite you to Schréder training sessions or other events;
to communicate with you and to respond to questions that you have asked;
to activate and manage the on-line accounts for which you have registered;
to process your payments for the products you have bought;
to improve continuously our products and services;
and for all other purpose which are directly related to our business relationship, whether you are a customer, a supplier or other business partner.
Each time we collect personal data from you we will inform you about the specific purpose in order to give full transparency about what we do with your personal data. According to the principle of‘purpose limitation’ under the GDPR, we will not process your data for a purpose, which is unrelated to the purpose for which the data was initially collected.
5. Legal basis of the processing of your personal data
According to the GDPR, the main grounds on which we will process your personal data are:
we have to honour a contract we have with you (or with the company you represent) or we have to prepare that contract;
we have a legal obligation to process the data we collect from you;
we have a legitimate interest to process your personal data;
we have received your explicit and specific consent.
We will inform you about this lawful ground each time we collect the data about you.
6. Who do we share your personal information with?
We may communicate your personal data to other Schréder companies in order to execute the contract we have concluded with you or to gather information or documentation you have requested from us. We may also share your information with service providers, contractors and sub-contractors supporting our business in order to assist us to provide the best products and services, organise events, etc. For example, we may use a service provider to process payment information, provide analytics or use third party software to manage our CRM system. When we use external service providers, we provide limited access to your information so that such service provider can perform the tasks on our behalf. These service providers are prohibited from using your personal information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance and are contractually required to protect personal information disclosed by Schréder and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Policy.
Schréder also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party, if Schréder has reason to believe that disclosing personal information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property. Additionally, Schréder may disclose personal information in response to a court order or when we believe in good faith that a law, regulation, requires it – or authorises us to do so – or to respond to an emergency.
If you choose not to provide Schréder with your personal information, you may still visit most of the Schréder website content. However, you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services and you may be unable to take advantage of certain Schréder benefits.
7. How do we protect your personal data?
Depending on the nature of the data, the context and the purpose of processing, as well as the risk of impact on the privacy of natural persons, Schréder undertakes to take all technical and organisational measures to ensure appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
8. Your Rights
You have a whole range of rights in relation to the personal data we process about you.
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to ask us to correct your personal information if it is incorrect or incomplete. You have the right to ask that your personal information be deleted in certain circumstances. You have the right to object to the use of your personal information in certain circumstances (for example for direct marketing purposes). You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time when we rely on your consent to process your personal data and you also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant data protection authority when you think that we have not processed your personal information in accordance with the data protection laws.
You will also be provided with an opt-out possibility (unsubscribe) in our commercial messages to you.
9. How long will we keep your personal Information?
We will keep your personal information for as long as we need it to perform our contractual or pre-contractual obligations with you as a (potential) customer, supplier or other business partner.
10. Amendments
We will need to change this policy from time to time in order to make sure it stays up to date with the latest legal requirements and any changes to our privacy management practices. When we do change the policy, we may notify you about such changes, when required. A copy of the latest version of this policy will always be available on this page.
11. Contact
For any right you would like to exercise or for any question you might have about the way we process your personal data, you can send an e-mail here.
About us
Schréder Group
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWS FLASH
Title
First name
Last name
Email
Company
Position
City
Country
Subscribe Unsubscribe
Powered by Everlytic
Careers
Support
About us
Standard Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy
Site Map