http://www.wavemage.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Who are we?
This is the website and online portfolio of music composer Jan Morgenstern. You can find Jan’s complete business contact information on the imprint page.
What kinds of data do we collect?
Webserver access logs. We collect and store basic technical information related to your visit (such as your IP address and a timestamp) for website optimization and security purposes. We’ll never share this data with third parties, and delete any part of it that may be used to identify individuals (such as IP addresses) within no more than 6 months.
Session cookies. Some parts of our CMS (content management system) store cookies in your browser’s storage in order to keep track of sessions. These cookies are being disposed of when you close your web browser.
Contact form data. If you use our contact form, you’ll be asked to enter your name and email address. This data, along with your message and your IP address, will be collected and stored on our computers. We’ll never share this data with third parties, and only use it to reply to your inquiry.
Embedded content from other websites. Our website contains embedded web applications from third-party websites, such as audio and video players from services like SoundCloud, YouTube, or Vimeo. These may acquire and store data related to your visit without our participation; please consult the privacy policies of the respective companies to find out which kinds of data are collected and how it is being used.
Why are we collecting this data?
We regard the data described above as the minimum amount of information required to keep our website functional. We believe in protecting our visitors’ privacy and don’t use ad trackers, traffic analytics, or social media widgets that might be used to track your online behavior across websites.
How can you tell us to delete your data or make it available to you?
In case you’d like us to send you any data related to your visit(s), or ask us to delete any such data we might have stored on our computers, please contact us at gdpr@janmorgenstern.com.
© 2010-2018 Jan Morgenstern. All rights reserved. Imprint Privacy policy
Our website uses cookies. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read moreCookies
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.