http://www.dehartconsulting.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for DeHart Consulting LLC, (“DeHart Consulting”), via www.dehartconsulting.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this Website ("Site"). It will notify you of the following:
What Personally Identifiable Information is collected from you through the web site.
How it is used.
With whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing  We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. Our Site may collect the following types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our Site. Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal Identifiable Information may be requested when you register for E-mail Alerts for  information, use our Contact Form, or request Product Information and Literature. This information might include your name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, product or service details, and other identification and contact information. With this information we can better provide you with personalized services. We may also gather any Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily disclose to us, for instance, when you e-mail us, contact our customer service representatives or otherwise send us feedback. For a few services, we may collect your Personally Identifiable Information on behalf of other service providers and share it with them. For example, with live Webcasting of support, we may ask you to provide and share that information with our third party Webcasting service provider. Non-Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We may gather certain information about you based upon what pages of our Site you visit in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. This information may include the Web site’s Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the site that you last visited, which URL you visit next, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (“TCP/IP”) network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and conduct transactions. Our primary goal in collecting information is to provide our visitors with a superior customized online experience. We may perform statistical analyses of aggregate visitor behavior. This allows us to measure relative visitor interest in the various areas of our Site for product and services development purposes. Any information we collect is used for our own internal purposes to improve the content of our Site, to enhance users' experiences when visiting our Site, to customize the content and/or layout of our pages, and to provide the services required by an individual visitor. We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties as explained later in this Policy.
Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it? We may gather information in the following ways: E-mail Alerts: We offer free e-mail alerts as a service to participating visitors. To receive such e-mail alerts, you must give us your e-mail address, which we forward to our third party service provider that will provide you with e-mail alerts. You may receive e-mails periodically updating you regarding our services and relevant information for current and potential customers. To stop receiving our e-mail alerts, send an e-mail to us using one of the contact methods listed below. Webcasting of support: When available to customers, we may offer you the opportunity to participate in a webcast to provide support. To attend a Webcast, you must provide our third party Webcasting service provider with information that will in turn grant you access to the live Webcast. IP Addresses: We collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information to monitor the level of activity on our Site. We collect information from you regarding the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to access our Site, the country, state and telephone area code where your server is located, the pages of our Site that you viewed during your visit and any search terms entered on our Site. We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers and software and to administer our Site.
Who is collecting your information? Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we might collect from you. We encourage you to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any third parties. Third Party Service Providers: We may use third party service providers to provide you with E-mail Alerts, Webcasting of support, and Product Information and Literature. Those third party providers will have access to your Personally Identifiable Information, but only for the purpose of providing their relevant services to you. Your Personally Identifiable Information will not be used for any other purpose. Links and Banner Ads to Third-Party Sites: Please be aware that our Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of these third party Web sites linking from or to our Site are not covered by this Policy. These other third party Web sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Additionally, other companies that place advertising on our Site may collect information about you through the use of cookies when you view or click on their advertising. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
With whom do we share your information? Third Party Service Providers: We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties to provide you with services that you request, for instance, delivery of E-mail Alerts and Investor Kits, Delivery of Product Information and Literature, and Webcasting of Quarterly Financial Reports. Other Third Parties: We do not sell, trade, or rent your Personally Identifiable Information to others. We may provide Non-Personally Identifiable Information about our visitors’ traffic patterns, and related site information to third parties, but these statistics do not include any Personally Identifiable Information. Judicial or Law Enforcement Authorities: Occasionally we may be required by regulatory, law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to those authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a regulatory or law enforcement investigation. We fully cooperate with regulatory and law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our Site or services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to regulatory or law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. Merger and Acquisitions Partners: We may disclose or transfer all or part of the Personally Identifiable Information we collect to a third party in connection with a merger, sale or other similar transaction between us and another entity.
Contact Information and Third Party Data If you contact us by telephone, e-mail or letter, whether to obtain information about a product, to submit a resume for employment, or for any other reason, we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with our Site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name and e-mail address in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on our Site, we may keep the information in a file specific to you. This information will not be turned over to any third parties unless we (i) determine it is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions of Use, our Policy, or to protect the rights, property and safety of our users, others or ourselves, or (ii) is required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to do so.
Visitor Traffic We may also track visitors’ traffic patterns throughout their online sessions in our Site, including which pages a visitor views while using our Site. This information is ultimately stored in the form of Site categories, and, in some cases, specific URLs. We may share aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our Site and other related information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information  You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us, using one of the methods listed in the Updates section below, to : • See what data we have about you, if any. • Change/correct any data we have about you. • Have us delete any data we have about you. • Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security  We employ industry-recognized information technology to protect the security of the Personally Identifiable Information we solicit from you. Our secure servers protect this information using password protection and encryption, and we may use firewall technology for additional protection. Furthermore, all of the Personally Identifiable Information we collect that is stored on a server is also protected against unauthorized access by physical security means. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to Personally Identifiable Information. The computers/servers in which we store Personally Identifiable Information are kept in a secure environment.
How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information? You may access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to us. During the online registration process you may review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time or by contacting us using one of the methods listed in the Updates section below. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure we “back up” the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. As a result, you should not expect that all of your Personally Identifiable Information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases.
What are your choices regarding collection, use and distribution of your information? We may from time to time send you e-mail or other communications regarding current promotions, specials and new additions to our Site. You may “opt-out,” or unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail you receive from us. After doing so, you will not receive future communications or mailings unless you “opt in” again or register for a new account.
Updates Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of our Site, or your dealings with our Site, please contact us by sending a letter to: Title: Web Administrator DeHart Consulting 2390C Las Posa Rd. #G462 Camarillo, CA 93010 Or by Phone: 805 482-2164 or via email via our contact form.
How will I know if this Privacy Policy changes? This Policy was last changed on the date stated below. If we make changes to any terms or conditions of our Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. Any change, modification, addition or removal of portions of this Policy will be announced on our Site at least ten days before it is implemented. Please be sure to check this page before proceeding to use our Site. Last Privacy Policy Revision Date: 5/24/2018
Registration  In order to use the private sections of this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required. Orders We may request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies  A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer’s hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you when you return to the same site. Cookies were designed to help a Web site recognize a user's browser as a visitor and thus save and remember any preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. A cookie cannot generally be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. Cookies can securely store your password, personalize home pages, identify parts of a site you have visited or keep track of your selections. A cookie generally cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your e-mail address. We use cookies in a limited fashion. When you use our Site we may store “cookies” on your computer for navigational purposes only. We use cookies only during each visit by you to our Site, and we do not make use of cookies after a session ends. These cookies allow us to track where you have been on our Site during your visit so that we may provide you appropriate and updated information. We do not track what Web sites you have been to or go to after you leave our Site.
Links  Our Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. Other third party sites accessible through our Site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each individual site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. This Policy does not cover the information practices of those third party Web sites linked to our Site. These third party sites may send their own cookies to users computers and collect data or solicit personal information. Any other companies which place links on our Site, which may be in the form of advertisements or otherwise, and may collect information about you when you view or click on such third party links through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these third party sites directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.
Surveys & Contests  From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Children under the age of 13 Our Site does not intentionally target and is not intended for children under the age of 13. DeHart Consulting values the privacy needs of children and encourages parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities. DeHart Consulting abides by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Our Site does not intentionally target children and we will not knowingly collect any data from children. If we discover personal data from a child that has been provided to us through our Site that is targeted to or intended for adults and older children, we will eliminate that data immediately. If any portion of our Site in the future includes material targeted to children under the age of 13 as part of a broader family audience target and the collection of such Personal Identifiable Information is involved, those specific web pages will be clearly identified, and will require that a parent's or guardian's permission is secured when required under COPPA. Appropriate notices and instructions will also be included on such Site pages. Parents wishing to access, review or delete their child's personal information should contact us using the methods listed above.
Prev
Next
Search
Newsletter Sign-up
Subscribe
Software
Facility Design
Newsletters
Practice Areas
Supply Chain DevelopmentIndustrial EngineeringSoftware DevelopmentProduct Cost Reduction
Engagements
Fujitsu Quantum Devices
Fujitsu's global supply chain management operations determined based on a build versus buy manufacturing cost tradeoff to develop a relationship with a dedicated II-V semiconductor foundry operation.  This operation's headquarters was located in the US and the company was establishing a larger operation in Taiwan.
DCI's strategic procurement staff developed and implemented a multi-year semiconductor foundry agreement with a domestic GaAs foundry wafer manufacturer.
Read more ...