http://www.citizensebank.com/about/privacy
Skip to main contentSkip to footerDownload Adobe® Acrobat Reader to view PDF documents.
Personal
Personal Checking
Personal Savings
Personal Loans
Mortgage
Personal Online Banking
Online Security
Mobile Banking
Bill Pay
Order Checks
Business
Business Checking
Business Savings
Business Loans
Merchant Services
Business Online Banking
Online Security
Mobile Banking
Bill Pay
Remote Deposit Capture
Order Checks
PPP Loan Information
About
History
Corporate Culture
Shareholders/ Financials
Careers
Locations
Contact Us
Citizens in the Community
Community Bank Week Scholarship
FAQ
Privacy Notice
Protecting Your Privacy
At Citizens Bank we take privacy very seriously. In accordance with federal laws, we take every measure to maintain your personal and financial information private. Please find our privacy notice below to learn how we protect your privacy.Privacy Notice (PDF-133KB)
To inquire about our Privacy Policy, contact us at the address below:
Citizens BankPO Box 30275 SW 3rd St.Corvallis, OR 97339-0030541-752-5161 or844-770-7100 Outside the Corvallis calling area
Contact Us
Comments or Complaints by CustomersAny comments or complaints about this notice, any privacy-related issue or any inaccuracy in customer data can be made by contacting: Compliance OfficerCitizens Bank275 SW 3rd StreetPO Box 30Corvallis, Oregon 97339-0030(541) 752-5161
Contact Us
Visitors to this Bank website remain anonymous. We do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site. We may use standard software to collect non-identifying information about our visitors, such as:
Date and time our site was accessed
IP address (A numeric address given to servers connected to the Internet)
Web browser used
City, state, and country
The Bank uses this information to create summary statistics and to determine the level of interest in information available on our site.
Visitors may elect to provide us with personal information via email, online registration forms, or our Website Contact Us page. This information is used internally, as appropriate, to handle the sender's request. It is not disseminated or sold to others.
Some areas of our website may use a "cookie" temporarily stored in the visitor's computer memory (RAM) to allow the web server to log the pages you use within the site and to know if you have visited the site before.
Nationwide ATM access with MoneyPass.
MoneyPass offers tens of thousands surcharge-free ATMs coast to coast located in most areas that you live, work and travel. Find one near you today!
MoneyPass ATMs
Back to Top