https://www.timeclocksales.com/customer-care/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.timeclocksales.com. This notice applies solely to the information collected by this website.  It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is being collected form you through the website, how it is used and with whom it is shared
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this website.  We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will only use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this policy.
Your Access to and Control over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Simply put, we respect your privacy.
Badge Time Clocks
Biometric Time Clocks
Calculating Time Clocks
Computer Time Clocks
Electronic Time Recorders
Guard Tour Systems
Lock Keys
Payroll Time Clock
Photo ID Time Clocks
Pre-Paid Services
Time & Attendance
Time & Date Stamps
Time Card Racks
Time Cards
Time Clock Ribbons
Time Clocks
Time Tracking Software
Touchscreen Time Clocks
Uncategorized
User Manuals
Wall Clocks
Proud Dealer Of
Have Questions?
We've got answers... Check out our FAQ's or contact one of our friendly sales people today.
We offer free support for all our products, as well as installation services. Call Now 800.660.2950
Join Us
For Special Promotions