https://www.cbmachinery.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | C & B Machinery
+1 (248) 264-9800
sales@cbmachinery.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Request a Quote
Contact Us
Machines
Double Disc
Horizontal
Vertical
Swing Arm
Rotary
Reciprocator
Park & Grind
Through Feed
Clamp Bore
Double Spindle
Single Spindle
Re-Engineered
Besly
Gardner
Giustina
Mattison
Blanchard
Thompson
Cylindrical Grinders
Wheel Carts
Wheel Change Cart
Wheel Storage Cart
Applications
Services
Automation
Control Retrofits
Hand Scraping
Machine Service
Production Grinding
Spindle Rebuild
About Us
News
Videos
Select Page
Privacy Policy
C & B Machinery is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the C & B Machinery Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the C & B Machinery website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
C & B Machinery collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. C & B Machinery also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by C & B Machinery. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by C & B Machinery for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the C & B Machinery Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through C & B Machinery public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: C & B Machinery does not read any of your private online communications.
C & B Machinery encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from C & B Machinery so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. C & B Machinery is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the C & B Machinery and C & B Machinery family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
C & B Machinery collects and uses your personal information to operate the C&B Machinery Web site and deliver the services you have requested. C & B Machinery also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from C & B Machinery and its affiliates. C & B Machinery may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
C & B Machinery does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. C & B Machinery may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, C & B Machinery may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to C & B Machinery, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
C & B Machinery does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
C & B Machinery keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within C & B Machinery, in order to determine what C & B Machinery services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within C & B Machinery to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
C & B Machinery Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on C & B Machinery or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of C & B Machinery; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of C & B Machinery, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The C & B Machinery Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize C & B Machinery pages, or register with C & B Machinery site or services, a cookie helps C&B Machinery to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same C & B Machinery Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the C & B Machinery features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the C & B Machinery services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
C & B Machinery secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. C & B Machinery secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
C & B Machinery will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. C & B Machinery encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how C & B Machinery is protecting your information.
Contact Information
C & B Machinery welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that C & B Machinery has not adhered to this Statement, please contact C & B Machinery at admin@cbmachinery-com.web23.winsvr.net. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Copyright © 2020
| MADE IN THE USA