http://www.gofsg.com/privacy-policy/
Questions?
800-965-3172
finsec@gofsg.com
Financial Security Group
HOME
ABOUT US
OUR TEAM
SERVICES
Financial Planning
Investment Strategies
LOCATIONS
Connecticut
West Mystic
North Carolina
Jacksonville
Virginia
Newport News
11801 Canon Boulevard
800 Diligence Drive
Virginia Beach
575 Lynnhaven Parkway
613 North Lynnhaven Road
CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Financial Security Management, Inc., an independent broker dealer; Financial Security Advisory, Inc., an investment advisory firm; and Financial Security Group, Inc., an insurance brokerage firm, appreciate the trust that you place with us when asking us to help you protect and accumulate your assets. We consider your account information and data to be private and confidential and we endeavor to hold ourselves to the highest standards of trust and strictest confidence. Our information-sharing practices are designed to protect your privacy.
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE GATHER
The categories of non-public personal information that we collect from a client depend upon the scope of the client engagement. It will include information about your personal finances, employment and health to the extent that it is needed for the financial planning process.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
We collect non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
1. Information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as your name, address, occupation, income, date of birth and social security number.
2. Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others, such as securities purchases and sales, withdrawals and account transfers.
HOW WE TREAT THE INFORMATION
We do not sell or share customer information with outside marketers or unaffiliated third parties. **
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers or former customers, except as permitted by law, and we do not anticipate doing so in the future.
We maintain a secure office and computer environment to ensure that your information is not placed at risk.
We limit employee access to your information and only others you have approved who have a business or professional reason for knowing. (ie: your accountant, your lawyer or banking representative)
Personally identifiable information about you will be maintained during the time you are a client, and for laws, and consistent with the CFP Board Code of Ethics and Professional Responsibility. After this required period of record retention, all such information will be destroyed.
At times, federal and state regulators may review firm records as permitted by law.
SEC BROCHURE
Please view our latest ADV Part 2A Brochure. Our last update was on February 24, 2014.
Financial Security
Group • Advisory • Management
575 Lynnhaven Pkwy, Suite 310
Virginia Beach, VA 23452
** Outside Information Technicians have limited access to our databases. These individuals are required to sign a confidentiality pledge prior to having access.
"Securities offered through Financial Security Management, Inc. Member FINRA. Financial Security Management, Inc. is a member of SIPC"
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy | ADV Part 2A Brochure | FINRA Broker Check | Business Continuity
| Site Map | Contact Us
© 2017 Financial Security Advisory, Inc.
Back to Top