https://www.sierracentral.com/privacy-notice-2/
Privacy Notice
If you would like to receive our Privacy Notice by the US Postal Service, please call us at 1-800-222-7228 to request we mail you a copy.
Otherwise you can click this text to view our most recent version.
Links to Other Sites
Links to non-Sierra Central websites are provided solely as pointers to information that may be useful to SierraCentral.com users. Sierra Central has no control over the content on such non-Sierra Central websites. Sierra Central makes no warranties, either express or implied, concerning the content of such linked sites, including the accuracy, completeness, reliability or suitability thereof for any particular purpose, nor does Sierra Central warrant that such site or content is free from any claims of copyright, trademark or other infringement of the rights of third parties or that such site or content is devoid of viruses or other contamination. Sierra Central does not guarantee the authenticity of documents on the Internet. Links to non-Sierra Central sites do not imply any endorsement of or responsibility for the opinions, ideas, products, information or services offered at such sites, or any representation regarding the content at such sites.
Sierra Central Privacy Policy
We at Sierra Central Credit Union value the privacy of our members. You have chosen to do business with us, and we recognize our responsibility to keep the information you provide to us secure and confidential.
This privacy policy explains how we protect the privacy of your personal information and when we release information about you under certain situations, such as to maintain your account, or other circumstances as required or permitted by law.
Our Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect and Disclose to Others
In the course of doing business, we collect and use various types of information, such as information available from public records and credit reports, as well as information you provide to us. We may also access information about you, such as credit reports, when considering a request from you for additional services or when exercising our rights under the law or any agreement with you. In addition, we collect information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications and other forms you submit to us, such as your name, address and social security number.
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others such as account balances and payment history.
Information we receive from credit reporting agencies, such as your credit worthiness and credit history.
We may also disclose all of the information that we collect as described above. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our members and former members to anyone, except as permitted by law.
Shared Information with Third Parties
We may disclose non-public personal information about you to financial service providers such as insurance agents. We may also disclose non-public personal information about you to non affiliated third party processors as necessary to complete transactions, maintain accounts and records, and as permitted by law.
We may disclose all the information we collect as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We may also disclose information about you under other circumstances, as permitted or required by law.
Confidentiality and Security of Information
Keeping your financial information secure is an important responsibility that is taken seriously at Sierra Central Credit Union. We value your trust and handle your information with care. We restrict access to non-public personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. Our policies and procedures emphasize the importance of keeping our members’ information confidential. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your non-public information.
Accuracy of Information
We make every effort to ensure that our records contain accurate, current and complete information. If you find that your account information is inaccurate, please call us at (800) 222-7228 or write to us at 820 Plaza Way, Yuba City, CA 95991. We will promptly investigate and make any necessary changes to update your records.
Termination of membership
If you decide to terminate your membership with Sierra Central Credit Union, we will not share information we have collected about you, except as may be permitted or required by law.
sierracentral.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect visitor information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly and may interfere with your use of our website.
Third Party Disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
AdRoll Avertising Services
AdRoll’s advertising commitment to protecting your privacy is outlined in their privacy policy and their privacy policy describes the overall company Privacy Policy of Semantic Sugar inc. (referred to as “AdRoll”, “AdRoll.com” “we”, “our”) and the services offered on the AdRoll.com website (referred to as “Services”, “Service”).
We use AdRoll Advertising on our website.
AdRoll, as a third party vendor, collects data about your activities that does not personally or directly identify you when you visit our website, the website entities for which we serve advertisements (our “Advertisers”), or the websites and online services where we display advertisements (“Publisher”). AdRoll uses technologies such as cookies and pixels to keep track of your activities on our website to serve ads on our site and to serve you more relevant advertisements. Users may remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. You may also decline our cookies if your browser permits, but doing so may interfere with your use of our website.
We have implemented the following:
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We along with third-party vendors, such as AdRoll use first-party cookies and third-party cookies or other third party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require a person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
Users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
On our Privacy Policy Page
Users are able to change their personal information:
By logging in to their account
How does our site handle do not track signals?
We honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
It’s also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:
NOT use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future marketing emails from Sierra Central, you can, at the bottom of a Sierra Central Marketing email, click on unsubscribe and you will be promptly remove you from ALL Marketing email correspondence.
SCCU California Consumer Privacy Act Policy & Disclosure
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last reviewed on: July 1, 2020
This California Consumer Privacy Act Policy & Disclosure is provided by Sierra Central Credit Union (referred to herein as the “Credit Union” or “we” or “us” in compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 the (“CCPA”). Your privacy is important to us. This disclosure explains how we collect, use and disclose personal information relating to California residents.
APPLICABILITY: This policy applies only to California residents: it does not apply to residents of other states, districts, territories or countries. In addition, this disclosure details certain rights California residents have under the CCPA. The disclosure is provided pursuant to the CCPA.
CHANGE TO THIS POLICY & DISCLOSURE: Should the Credit Union’s practices regarding California resident’s data change, we will update this policy. We encourage California residents to periodically review this policy and disclosure.
PERSONAL INFORMATION: Pursuant to the CCPA. “Personal information” is information that identifies, relates to, or could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly with a particular California resident or household.
EXCLUSIONS: The obligations imposed on the Credit Union by the CCPA do not restrict the Credit Union’s ability to:
Comply with federal, state, or local laws;
Comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities;
Cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that the business, service provider or third party reasonably and in good faith believes that may violate federal, state, or local law;
Exercise or defend legal claims;
Collect, use, retain, sell or disclosure consumer information that is de-identified or in the aggregate consumer information; or
Collect or sell persons personal information if every aspect of that commercial conduct takes place wholly outside of California. For purposes of this disclosure, commercial conduct takes place wholly outside of California if the Credit Union collect that information while the consumer was outside of California, no part of the sale of a persons personal information occurred in California, and no personal information collected while a person was in California sold.
RIGHT TO REQUEST PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED, (OR) DISCLOSED: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose to you the following:
The categories of Personal Information we collected about you in the past 12 months.
The categories of sources from which personal information is collected.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting personal information.
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
RIGHT TO REQUEST DELETION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:If you are currently a resident, you have the right to request deletion of your Personal Information collected by the Credit Union.
INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUBMITTING VERIFIABLE REQUEST FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED, DISCLOSED OR REQUEST FOR DELETION: If you are a California resident, you may submit a request for us to provide you with, or delete, your Personal Information by:
Calling 1-800-222-7228;
Completing and forwarding a request for information ONLINE at www.sierracentral.com, and click on the “CONTACT US” link. Once you consent to do business with the Credit Union electronically, you will be taken to the Information Form. On the form, you will have the option to select “CA Consumer Privacy Act” from a drop down menu. Once the form is completed, you will be given the option to submit it to the credit union for processing; or
Completing and forwarding a request for information by mailing to 1351 Harter Pkwy., Yuba City, CA 95993
The Credit Union will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days. The Credit Union must verify each request, so we will ask for additional information to verify your identity. If you are making a request as an agent for a California resident, we may ask you to provide us with information to verify that you are an authorized representative of the person about whom we collected personal information.
We will not be able to fulfill your access or deletion request if we cannot verify your identity or your authority if you are an agent for a California resident. Also, we may not fulfill your request if your request would violate the rights a third person or if the information we have about you in not covered by the CCPA. We will notify you if we cannot honor your request. Requests for non-public personal information such as your Social Security number, driver’s license number or other government-issued identification number, financial account number, any health insurance or medical identification number, an account password, or security questions and answers are not permitted and will not be honored.
Other privacy and data protection laws may apply of the Personal Information we collect, use or disclose. If these laws apply, Personal Information may be exempt from your request and will not be provided. For example, information covered by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”) is exempt from the CCPA. To find out how we collect, use or disclose your information covered by the GLBA, please see our Sierra Central Privacy Policy. Other federal and state laws and regulations may also apply to your Personal Information.
We may take up to 45 calendar days to process your request. If we cannot meet that requirement, we may have up to an additional 45 calendar days after we provide you with notice and an explanation for our delay.
You make make a verifiable request not more than twice in a 12-month period.
CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT: The chart below shows which categories of Personal Information we have collected for business purposes during the past 12 months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statue (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.   Some personal information in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status.
Yes
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
Yes
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Yes
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations
Yes
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
CATEGORIES OF SOURCES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION: We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Information we get directly or indirectly from you, for example; from forms, or surveys you complete or products and services you use, or from observing your actions on  our website or on electronic devices.
“Public record”, including information from federal, state, or local governments. Public records could include information from the media.
“Third parties” such as service providers and consumer data companies that help us prevent fraud, underwrite, market, provide human resources management activities, and third parties that otherwise support the Credit Union’s daily business activities. Such third parties include other financial institutions and parties involved with potential or actual mergers that the Credit Union is party to.
CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR OUR BUSINESS PURPOSES: We have shared Personal Information for business purposes during the last 12 months with the following categories of third parties:
“Service Providers” who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure, customer service, email delivery, auditing, marketing and marketing research activities.
“Third parties” who provide services such as payment, banking and communication infrastructure, storage, legal counsel, tax expertise, notaries and auditors.
Government Agencies as required by laws and regulations.
THE BUSINESS AND COMMERCIAL PURPOSES FOR WHICH PERSONAL INFORMATION WAS COLLECTED:
The business and commercial purposes we collect Personal Information are as follows:
Business Operations – Actions performed for the benefit of the Credit Union, our members or others. This includes servicing member accounts, loan processing, other transactions, business operations relating to member verification, business analytics, marketing, etc.
Commercial Operations – Actions that promote the growth and success of the Credit Union, such as member promotions and other activities that promote the financial well being of the Credit Union.
Quality Control – Activities to prevent mistakes and avoid problems when delivering products or services to our Members.
Security – Activities relating to ensuring that all information systems are functional and secure, detecting and preventing malicious and illegal activities that put the Credit Union at risk.
Systems Maintenance – Process of maintaining system operations and finding and repairing malfunctions that impair existing or intended Credit Union system operations.
Audit & Compliance – Actions that maintain Credit Union policies and procedures in compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
Employment Activities – Activities related to human resource management.
SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION: The Credit Union does not sell Personal Information. Moreover, the Credit Union does not sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization.
RIGHT TO NON-DISCRIMINATION FOR EXERCISE OF YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS: We may not discriminate you for exercising your rights under the CCPA.
DESIGNATION OF AUTHORIZED AGENT: You have the right to designate an authorized agent who may act on your behalf regarding the rights provided in this Disclosure. We may require you to provide the authorized agent written permission to do so. We will also directly verify your identity, except where an agent was authorized by a power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 and 4465. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to contact on your behalf.
CONTACT INFORMATION:
You may contact us in any of the following manners:
Calling 1-800-222-7228;
Completing and forwarding a request for information ONLINE at www.sierracentral.com, and click on the “CONTACT US” link. Once you consent to do business with the Credit Union electronically, you will be taken to the Information Form. On the form, you will have the option to select “CA Consumer Privacy Act” from a drop down menu. Once the form is completed, you will be given the option to submit it to the credit union for processing; or
Completing and forwarding a request for information by mailing to 1351 Harter Pkwy., Yuba City, CA 95993
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www. sierracentral.com, contact us link
1351 Harter Parkway, Yuba City, California 95991, United States
servicecenter@sccu4u.com
800-222-7228
Last Edited on 2015-02-12