http://www.apicorp.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home   Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thank you for your interest in Advance Polybag, Inc. (hereinafter “API”). We value your privacy and it is important for you to understand how information may be gathered from visitors to the API website (hereinafter “Website”). Please visit this section often as the terms of access and usage of user information from the Website under this provision may change.
COOKIES
Cookies may be placed upon your computer with your utilization of the Website, which Cookies can be used to customize the Website for you and to remember details or information from prior access. Your browser will generally include a feature to erase these Cookies, should you desire to do so.
INFORMATION
If you provide to us personal information such as your name, email, or contact information, such as by completing an information request form, contact form, order form, or the like, that information may be placed into a mailing list or database for use for providing to you information on goods or services on API or related company goods or services, or to communicate with you for other purposes.
If you are placed on a mailing list for goods or services from API, and you notify us that you no longer wish to receive mailings from API, we will make a reasonable effort to remove you from our database.
Upon visiting the Website, our web servers may automatically gather information so that our computer may communicate with your computer during access. Also, information such as the number of accesses made to the site, your IP address, browser, domain, time and date may be logged, to help us to design, monitor and administer the site.
THIRD PARTY USE
API does not distribute or sell personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. However, the nature of the Internet requires that your personal information pass through third parties networks or otherwise handled. In addition, API may retain other companies or individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as order processing, accounting, analyzing data, marketing, customer service and other services.
API is affiliated with related companies throughout the United States and in countries outside of the United States, and personal data may be transferred to other facilities including areas outside of the U.S. as part of API operations. By submitting personal information on Website, you provide explicit consent to these transfers.
CHILDREN
While this Website may include information of interest to children, we do not seek to gather personal information from persons under the age of 18.
LINKS
While Website includes links to third party websites, API is not responsible for their privacy policies, and no warranties or representations regarding privacy practices regarding those sites are made. Accordingly, any access to said third party websites are at your own risk.
CONDITION OF USE
Your visit to this site is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including any limitation on liability and damages, arbitration or application of law. We reserve the right to change this statement at time to time without notice.
You may contact us for your questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy at:
Advance Polybag, Inc.
Corporate Offices
1470 First Colony Blvd
Sugar Land, TX 77479 USA
Find a Recycling Location
Your Zip Code
Search within
5 miles
10 miles
25 miles
50 miles
Just the Facts