http://www.bank-a-count.com/policies
Serving businesses and financial institutions since 1956.
Register a New Account
Username:
Forgot Username?
Password:
Forgot Password?
* Required Field
Sign In Here
Hide
Register a New Account
How To Register
Bank-A-Count's Security & Reliability
Bank-A-Count is committed to earning and retaining your trust.
We value your privacy, satisfaction, and security.
We have taken the following steps to ensure you are protected.
Click the links to learn more.
Customer Satisfaction
Bank-A-Count guarantees that customers will be 100% satisfied with their products.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact our friendly customer service representatives at 800-445-3913. Our phones are staffed by people, not automated systems. We’re here to help you!
Basic Vendor Information - Vendor Compliance
Bank-A-Count receives numerous and frequent vendor compliance inquiries from clients as related to their own best practices and those recommended by various regulatory authorities.
The specific requests that Bank-A-Count receives from its diverse national customer base vary in nature, but commonly ask for help in documenting vendor compliance and satisfying their own audit concerns.
Helpful Links
Vendor Compliance
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Return Policy
Blog Policy
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Bank-A-Count's privacy policy details the steps taken to ensure your security.
Any such information that is received is used solely for the services you have requested that we provide to you.
Terms of Service
All users of this website agree and are subject to the terms of service.
Information in this section details the use of site, copyright and trademarks, notice, purchases, participation disclaimer, typographical errors, third-party links, and indemnification.
Return Policy
Bank-A-Count Corporation guarantees to replace at no charge any product produced incorrectly due to an error or omission on our part.
Any incidental or consequential damages are the responsibility of the client.
Shipping Policy
Bank-A-Count will ship products as ordered by the customer.
All risk of loss or damage to products will pass to customer upon delivery to customer.
Bank-A-Count observes major holidays, see shipping policy for more details.
Blog Policy
All views provided in the blog are the views of the writers, not necessarily Bank-A-Count Corp.
We will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information.
Bank-A-Count Corp reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to this blog without notice.
Product Info
Business Checks
Custom Variable Print
Payment Coupons
Pre-inked Stamps
Customer Service
Print/Fax Ready Forms
Track an Order
FAQ
Blog
Company Info
Contact Us
Company History
Career Opportunities
Security & Reliability
Vendor Compliance
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Terms of Service
Copyright 2020 Bank-A-Count Corp.
Session Expiration Warning
You've been inactive for a while. For your security, you'll be signed out automatically.
Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session or "Sign Out" to end your session immediately.
Your session will expire in 30 seconds.
Stay Signed In
Sign Out