https://www.markettraders.com/electronic-communications-delivery-policy/
Online University Login
Learn to Trade
90-Minute Overview
Learning Center
Forex Courses
Ultimate Traders Package™ 2020
Power Fibonacci Course
Momentum Breakout Course
Target Trading 2.0 Course
Forex Certification
Blog
Live Trading
Trade with our Experts
Fibs & Formations w/ Jared Martinez
Flex w/ Chris Pulver
Hybrid w/ Gary Fichardt
Money Flow w/ Tyson Clayton
Edge w/ Tad DeVan
Trading Tools
SmartTrader Charting Software
Charting VPS Services
Open a Trading Account
Explore
Success Stories
The MTI Story
Meet the Team
Community Empowerment
Get Started
Call Us
GIVE $50, GET $50LEARN MORE
Contact UsSearchLogin
Electronic Communications Delivery Policy
Last Updated 3/4/2015 @ 3:40 PM ET (GMT – 4)
This policy describes how Market Traders Institute, Inc. (“MTI”) delivers communications to you electronically. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it.
ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF COMMUNICATIONS
You agree and consent to receive electronically all communications, agreements, documents, notices and disclosures (collectively, “Communications”) that are provided in connection with your MTI Education Order Form/Client Agreement (“Agreement”) and your use of our services. Communications include but are not limited to:
agreements and policies you agree to (e.g., the MTI Education Order Form/Client Agreement and the MTI Privacy Policy), including updates to these agreements or policies;
annual disclosures
transaction receipts or confirmations; and
any other information pertaining to our relationship with you or the product you purchased.
We will provide these Communications to you by posting them on the MTI website and/or by emailing them to you at the primary email address listed in your Agreement.
HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS
In order to access and retain electronic Communications, you will need the following computer hardware and software:
a computer with an Internet connection;
a current web browser that includes 128-bit encryption (e.g. Internet Explorer version 6.0 and above, Firefox version 2.0 and above, Chrome version 3.0 and above, or Safari 3.0 and above) with cookies enabled;
Adobe Acrobat Reader version 8.0 and above to open documents in .pdf format;
a valid email address (your primary email address on file with MTI); and
sufficient storage space to save past Communications or an installed printer to print them.
We will notify you if there are any material changes to the hardware or software needed to receive electronic Communications as they pertain to your profile with MTI. By giving your consent, you are confirming that you have access to the necessary equipment and are able to receive, open, and print or download a copy of any Communications for your records. You may print or save a copy of these Communications for your records as they may not be accessible online at a later date.
HOW TO WITHDRAW YOUR CONSENT
You may withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically by writing to us at:
Market Traders Institute, Inc.
ATTN: Compliance
3900 Millenia Blvd.
Orlando, FL. 32839
If you fail to provide or if you withdraw your consent to receive Communications electronically, MTI reserves the right to either deny your Agreement, restrict or deactivate your access, or charge you additional fees for paper copies.
REQUESTING PAPER COPIES OF ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
If, after you consent to receive Communications electronically, you would like a paper copy of a Communication previously sent to you, you may request a copy within 180 days of the date the Communication was provided to you by contacting us as described above. We will send your paper copy to you by U.S. mail. In order for us to send you paper copies; you must have a current and complete address on file in your Agreement. If you request paper copies, you understand and agree that MTI may charge you a Records Request Fee for each Communication.
UPDATING YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION
It is your responsibility to keep your primary email address up to date so that MTI can communicate with you electronically. You understand and agree that if MTI sends you an electronic Communication but you do not receive it because your primary email address on file is incorrect, out of date, blocked by your service provider, or you are otherwise unable to receive electronic Communications, MTI will be deemed to have provided the Communication to you.
Please note that if you use a spam filter that blocks or re-routes emails from senders not listed in your email address book, you must add MTI to your email address book so that you will be able to receive the Communications we send to you.
You can update your primary email address or street address at any time by contacting MTI. If your email address becomes invalid such that electronic Communications sent to you by MTI are returned, MTI may deem you to be inactive, and you will not be able to access any information until we receive a valid, working primary email address from you.
Satisfaction Guarantee
Subscription Refund Policy
General Disclaimer
Risk Disclaimer
Electronic Communications Delivery Policy
Privacy Policy
Testimonial Disclaimer
Trading Signals Risk Disclaimer
Automated Trading System Acknowledgment
Refer-a-Friend Program Terms and Conditions
NetworkMTI Online University
VPS Services
ForexTips.com
Affiliate Program
Partnerships Opportunities
Investor Inspiration
Chat live with one of our friendly team members.
Fill out the form below to start a chat session.
Or Submit a Ticket .
×
Welcome to Market Traders Institute Support
send