https://www.indoswift.com/legal-transcription/
GET QUOTE
TEXT
Toll Free: +1-888-504-7012
Get Quote: hello@indoswift.com
Legal Transcription
Arbitration Transcription
Deposition Transcription
Verbatim Transcription
General Correspondence
Court Proceeding Transcription
Trial Transcription
All Other Legal Transcriptions
get started
Legal Transcription Services
The importance of accurately transcribed legal reports cannot be ignored or underestimated irrespective of any type of legal matter. Indoswift helps in saving time while trimming overhead costs, maintaining highest accuracy, and shortening turn-around times for your regular and time to time requirements. Our team of legal transcribers can understand all accents viz.
American accent
African accent
British accent
Australian accent.
Chinese accents.
And many more….
Our highly experienced team of legal transcriptionists provide accurate and speedy legal transcription services. Please see client testimonials.
The expertise, reference material, technology, and most importantly the intellectual assets we possess in the form of experience of our transcriptionists helps us in providing you with 99% plus accurate legal dictation transcription in areas including:
Deposition Transcription
Verbatim Transcription
General Correspondence
Court Proceeding Transcription
Trial Transcription
Memorandum Transcription
Wiretap Transcription
We have special pricing for providing our legal transcription outsourcing services for court reporters, law firms, court reporting agencies in USA who need their deposition transcripts regularly. We organize our resources in short lead times to execute turnkey deposition transcription assignments. Our highly competitive price structure ensures you the most economical legal transcription in USA or across the world with assured high standards.
Interested in using our legal digital transcription services from anywhere in the world? Get a quote by clicking here….
Having concerns about your data privacy??? Sort it out now…click here for our data protection measures…
Read more
for sample transcription
Your information is protected by Indoswift's Privacy Policy.
Please leave this field empty.
Quality Policy
Indoswift provides accurate human transcription services globally, click here for more
Data Security
Indoswift ensures that the information in the form of audio/video or text is duly secure meeting international standards.
60% Cost Saving
Indoswift has a transparent and pre-informed pricing structure, no complicated tables.
WHY CHOOSE INDOSWIFT AS YOUR TRANSCRIPTION SERVICE PROVIDER…
Quality Transcription Services
20 years of reliable transcription services.
11.50 Million Minutes Transcribed
and counting.
99.5%+ Accurate Transcription
Read our Quality Policy.
Fastest Turnaround Time
Starting from 2 hours onwards.
100% Human Transcription
No Voice Recognition Technology use.
24x7x365 Single Point Access
By Phone, e-mail, or IM
how it works
We are 24X7, virtually sitting next to you
Upload Files
Get Acknowledgment
Transcription Process
Get Transcripts
Download
Some of Our Achievements
11.50+ Million
Minutes Transcribed
14+ Countries
Operational
1.25+ Million
Documents Processed
Satisfied Customers
What Our Clients Say
Proud to share
Indoswift translations services are friendly, professional, fast, and accurate. I had a set of medical interviews that needed to to be translated overnight — I called Indoswift at 10p (ET), they accepted the assignment, and I awoke the next morning to an email that contained all 5 transcripts. And all were complete and clean — a true pleasure!
5.00
Anthony Flynn
CMO, GenomeQuest Inc, USA
The website looked very professional. Not just the design, but the quality of the English. I called and spoke with Mr Manoj. his service was excellent, and he was prepared to start working on an urgent job very quickly. so I decided to try the company. the prices, also, were reasonable. When the transcripts came back, they were better than i could have ever hoped. Very professional, brilliant transcription, excellent English, clear indication of the speakers, and timing notes for words where there was some question of what was said. I was very very impressed by the work. I will very happily use Indoswift again.
5.00
Christopher Hack
International Journalist. USA
Experience more
contact information
get in touch with us
Toll Free: +1-888-504-7012
Fax: +1-440-774-2598
Support: +1-347-295-4572
Sales: +1-888-504-7012
Email: info@indoswift.com
New York:
200 Riverside Boulevard,
Suite 7N, New York. NY 10069.
+1347-295-4572
Northampton:
1 Rushmills, Northampton,
Bedford Road, Northamptonshire
NN4 7YB.UK
+44 795 162 7123
New Delhi:
303 A, D-Mall,
Netaji Subhash Place,
Pitampura, ND 110034.IN
+91 999 945 1959
start free trial now
Your information is protected by Indoswift's Privacy Policy.
Please leave this field empty.
Other Transcription Services
Online Medical Transcription
Online Legal Transcription
Online Academic Transcription
Online Interview Transcription
Online Business Transcription Services
Online Text to Text Transcription
Online Focus Group Transcription
Online Podcast Transcription Services
Online Insurance Transcription
Online General Transcription services
Learn More
EMR Indexing
Audio Processing
Audio Translation
Pricing
Testimonials
Sitemap
Home
About Us
Blog
Careers
Rates
Indoswift Benefits
Contact Us
Click here & Get up to 10% Discount on Your First Order!