http://www.barproducts.com/terms-conditions-barproducts#privacy
Skip to content
TERMS & CONDITIONS:
These terms apply only to transactions placed at the website BarProducts.com. They do not apply to any other website, whether or not they are owned and operated by BarProducts.com Inc. Promotions and discounts advertised on or for BarProducts.com only apply to BarProducts.com purchases.
99% of orders will leave here and arrive to our customers without problems or delays, but please keep in mind that this is an internet order business. As with all internet order businesses, we have to depend on outside entities to deliver products. Currently, we use the US Postal Service and the United Parcel Service (UPS) to transport packages to our customers. These are two of the best in the business, but sometimes problems or delays do arise. If your package is running extremely late, please contact us to utilize our resources to figure out what the problem is. Domestic orders running late will typically show up on one end or the other within 30 days while international orders may take longer. Rest assured that we will do our part to resolve any problems that arise and you will not be expected to pay for items that were not delivered to the address you have chosen. Please make certain that all the information you enter is correct to ensure fast, efficient delivery.
If you are in a country other than the United States, please be aware that your country's customs service may impose duties (fees) on merchandise you are importing, as well as, or in addition to, brokerage fees from the shipping carrier. This may come as a bill from them or they may hold your shipment until fees are paid. This website does not collect these fees, or similar types of fees, when ordering. It is the customer's responsibility to pay duties, import fees, brokerage fees, etc. Once again, if your package is running extremely late, please contact us to utilize our resources to figure out what the problem is.
Out of StocksWith a catalog of products this large, there are rare occurrences where our warehouse has run out of stock on an item before it is disabled online. If you have successfully ordered a product that is out of stock, we will AUTOMATICALLY refund you the cost of that product and ship the remainder of your order when applicable.
Changing Your OrderWe no longer make changes to items or quantities. If you ordered incorrectly, please contact us right away and we will be more than happy to cancel the order.
Drop ShipsIf you order a product that indicates it is drop shipped from one of our vendor partners, please be aware additional time may be needed to provide tracking information.
Custom Product Color VariationsFor very large orders, subtle color variations can and will occur throughout a single order.
Perishable ItemsExpiration dates may vary on perishable foods and beverages. If any expired items are received please contact our customer service team right away and they will correct the issue.
REFUNDS, RETURNS, AND ORDER CHANGES:
BarProducts.com Inc is proud to offer a Satisfaction Guarantee! If, for any reason, you are unsatisfied with the products you received, simply submit a Support Ticket to request a return. Important information and instructions regarding returns are provided via RMA, and therefor are subject to RMA approval. Items sent back without prior RMA approval may be denied. All return requests must be submitted within 30 days of product delivery. Once an RMA is issued, the products must be received back to us, in original condition, within 30 days. Returns will not be accepted unless they are complete. All original boxes, packing materials, parts, components and pieces must be returned to us for a return to be processed. Returns will not be granted without all of the products original packaging and parts. Refunds requested for returns are subject to a 15% restocking fee. Restocking fees do not apply to returns for exchange. ALL associated shipping fees are non-refundable. We do not issue return labels for returns or exchanges.
Custom Orders: As you may be aware, custom printed products cannot be restocked. These types of items may include custom printed glassware and other imprinted bar tools as well as custom made woodshop items such as liquor shelves. In fact, the industry standard for customized products dictates a no return and a no refund policy with the exception of items that are unusable. Unusable items include but are not limited to broken glassware, bent or misshapen bottle openers, cracked or broken license plates, etc. Items with production quality flaws are wholly non-refundable, but may be eligible for a discount or refund. If you receive an order with unusable items, you must contact us within seven days of receiving your order. We require photographic evidence of the unusable items prior to any credits being issued.
Products returned that were purchased using an eCheck are subject to an additional 15% charge to cover processing fees. Orders cancelled after processing, but prior to shipping are subject to a 10% charge to cover processing fees. Videos and CD's are subject to an additional 10% restocking fee.
If your order is returned by the carrier due to part or all of the address being provided incorrectly, for refusal, the receiver was unavailable at all attempts or the package was unclaimed, you will be responsible for the associated shipping fees to reship the order. If you wish to receive a refund for a package returned by the carrier, a 15% restocking fee will apply and shipping is non-refundable. If you are and international customer and refuse a package due to customs and/or brokerage fees, or your package is returned for any other reason, you may be ineligible for refund or reshipment.
Order Problems
BarProducts.com Inc. will not be held accountable for the misuse of any products. BarProducts.com Inc makes every effort to ensure that your package is packed and shipped correctly. However, from time to time, occasional errors are made. If you received damaged, defective or incorrect products, it must be reported within 7 days of delivery. Please note: Photographic evidence will be required for any problems with your order. Problems reported after 7 days of delivery may be disqualified for replacements or refunds. We may request that the incorrect item be returned to us at our expense. If the item is not returned, you may be charged for the incorrect item.
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal