http://www.icrc-weyer.com/privacy/
Privacy
The protection of your personal data while using our website is an important concern to us. That's why we want you to know what data we collect and how we are using it.
Scope
This privacy statement explains to users the nature, scope and purpose of collection and use of personal data by the responsible provider ICRC-Weyer GmbH, Boelschestrasse 35, 12587 Berlin, Germany, email: info@icrc-weyer.com, Tel.: +49 (30) 40 39 37-0 on this website.
The legal basis of data protection can be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the German Telemedia Act (TMG).
Collection and Processing of Personal Data
We offer you the possibility to contact us by e-mail or via the contact form on our web site. In this case, the personal information which you provide will be stored for the purpose of processing.
This includes, for example, information such as name, postal address, e-mail address or phone number. Your data will be stored only as long as it takes to achieve the purpose for which the data were submitted.
Your personal data will not be passed on to third parties, without your explicit consent to do so.
In general, the Internet is seen as an insecure medium. A transfer of data to us via e-mail can be changed or recorded by a third party. Therefore, you should be careful in deciding what information you send to us through an internet connection or mobile device.
Online Application
The collection and processing of the personal application data you provide to us takes place only for application purposes within our company.
Your data will be provided only to the parties responsible for the actual application process within the company and will not be passed on to third parties without your prior consent.
Your application will be automatically deleted three months after completion of the application process except where otherwise required by law.
If we cannot offer you a vacancy at present, you have the possibility to save your applicant data with us for an extra 12 months period, in case you give us your written consent to do so.
Log Data
If you use the contact form or a "404-Page Not Found" error (broken or dead link) occurs, the IP address of your machine, the type of your operating system and Internet browser will be logged by us.
This website is hosted by an external service provider in Germany. This service provider collects data from your computer or device when you visit our site such as the IP address of your device, the type of browser you are using to access this website, the website you visited previously, your system configuration as well as date and time. Your IP address will only be recorded as it is necessary to provide the service und will be deleted or anonymized after your visit of this website.
Disclaimer Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”).
Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.
Other Cookies
Our Website stores the cookie "Wire" on your computer. It is used for the identification of a session to accelerate page loading. No personal data are collected by the cookie and it expires when you exit the browser session.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser or to set your browser so that it informs you about the placement of cookies.
Children
Children less than 14 years of age may only provide us with their personal information with the express consent of their parents. The legal representatives are entitled to view the information provided by the child upon request and to demand their deletion.
External Links
Our site contains links to other websites maintained by third parties ("external links"). Although we carefully select these third parties, we cannot accept any responsibility or liability for the accuracy or completeness of the contents and their data security. This Privacy Policy does not apply to linked websites by third parties. ICRC-Weyer is not responsible for the data protection statements, privacy policies, or contents of other websites.
Information / Deletion / Revocation
In accordance with the BDSG, you have a right to request information about your stored data from us free of charge and, if applicable, a right to demand us to correct, block or delete this data. Your personal data will be deleted if you revoke your consent and your claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.
Safety
ICRC-Weyer guarantees the safety of your personal data from loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure by technical and organizational security measures, which are reviewed regularly and adjusted according to technological developments. Our employees and service companies are committed by contract to secrecy and to comply with the regulations of the BDSG.
Adjustments
Due to technical developments it is necessary to adjust our privacy statement from time to time. We reserve the right, at any time, to add, change, update, or modify this Policy accordingly.
Privacy Questions
If you have questions, comments, complaints about this Privacy Statement or our privacy, security or information protection practices, please contact our Data Privacy Officer.
We use cookies to analyze the performance of our website. If you continue to visit our website you are consenting to our use of cookies.
Yes
No
More Info