http://www.mercprod.com/privacy_policy.htm
SPANISH SITE
SITEMAP  |
CONTACT US  |
HOME  |
MARKETS
Aftermarket
Automotive
Commercial / Industrial
Construction / Agriculture
Engine & Stationary Engines
Exhaust / Filtration
Heavy Truck
Lawn & Garden
Medical Equipment
Military
Motorcycle
Office / Residential Furniture
PRODUCTS
Brackets
Mounting brackets
Accumulator brackets
Clamps
V-insert clamps
Standard clamps
Core/Cup Plugs
Decorative and Custom Parts
Tank Straps
Silencer Raincaps & Non-silencer Raincaps
Tubing Products
SERVICES
Design & Engineering
Sampling
Sequencing
Supply Chain Management
Quality & Testing
CAPABILITIES
Assembly
Tube Fabrication
Finishing
Kitting
Laser Cutting
Materials
Polishing & Buffing
Rolling
Stamping
Welding
ABOUT US
Careers
Certifications
Facilities
Library
Our Customers
Quality Mission
Privacy Policy
Email us for more info »
or call us at 847-524-4400
Mercury Products Privacy Policy
MercProd.com Web Site Privacy Policy
Mercury Products believes that privacy is important with regards to the use of the Internet. This statement sets forth Mercury Products's Privacy Statement for
MercProd.com and describes the practices that Mercury Products will follow with respect to the privacy of users of this site.
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. Please check back periodically for any updates.
What is personally identifiable information?
"Personally identifiable information" is information about you, such as name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc.
How is information collected, used, and disclosed?
We do not collect personal information -- including your e-mail address — unless we first ask you for it. On some of our sites, we may request that you
voluntarily supply us with information, including your e-mail address, street address, telephone number or other information so that we may enhance your site
visit or follow up with you after your visit. Whether you provide any information is entirely up to you.
If you have voluntarily provided information, you consented to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as described in this Privacy
Statement. In some circumstances, Mercury Products may share information you voluntarily provide us with trustworthy business partners. We do not sell or rent
personal information collected through this site to anyone. Also, Mercury Products may provide aggregate statistics about visitors to our sites, such as volume,
traffic to the site, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifiable information.
Mercury Products may also disclose information in special cases when we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: conform to legal requirements
or comply with legal process, protect and defend our rights or property or act to protect the interests of our users or others.
What are cookies and how are they used?
Some Mercury Products sites, like many other commercial web sites, may utilize a standard technology called "cookies" to collect information about how our site is
used. Cookies were designed to help a web site operator determine that a particular user had visited the site previously and thus save and remember any
preferences that may have been set while the user was browsing the site. Cookies are small strings of text that web sites can send to your browser. Cookies
cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or obtain your e-mail address. If you are simply browsing a Mercury Products informational site, a cookie may
be used to identify your browser as one that has visited the site before.
We may also make use of memory-based cookies in support of authenticating the user of certain Mercury Products web applications. You have the ability to modify
the settings in your web browser to accept, reject or notify you of any cookies.
What are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information?
If you have voluntarily provided information, you consented to the collection and use of your personally identifiable information as described in this Privacy
Statement. If, in connection with your use of a particular service, we ask to use your data in a way not described in this Privacy Statement and you do not wish
to permit that use, you can choose not to use the particular service.
If you have voluntarily provided personally identifiable information, we may, from time to time, send you mail or e-mail regarding products and services. If you
wish to not receive further communications from Mercury Products, please contact us at info@MercProd.com to be removed from
our database.
How does Mercury Products protect your information?
We exercise great care to protect your personally identifiable information. This protection includes, among other things, using industry standard techniques such
as firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection and site monitoring. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a
result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or
receive from us. This fact is especially true for information you transmit to us via e-mail. We have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us.
Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our servers.
Internally, we will restrict access to your personally identifiable information to employees who need access to the information in order to do their jobs. These
employees are committed to our privacy policies.
We will review our security arrangements from time to time as we deem appropriate.
How can you protect your information?
If you are using a Mercury Products web site for which you registered and chose a password, we recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. We will
never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Also remember to sign out of the registered site and close your browser
window when you have finished your work. This step is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if others have access to
your computer.
Other sites
Mercury Products sites may contain links to other sites, including those of our business partners. While we seek to link only to sites that share our high
standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact us at info@MercProd.com.
Privacy Policy |
Site Map |
FTP Login
Certifications ISO9001:2015, IATF 16949:2016, ISO14001:2015
847.524.4400