http://www.forestryscotland.com/privacy
Search
Contact Us
HomeAbout UsForest and Timber SectorProducts and MarketsNews, Resources and PublicationsEventsRegional Groups
Privacy
HomePrivacy
Privacy
Privacy policy
Thank you for registering
Any personal data or sensitive personal data provided by you to us
will be held and processed in accordance with the data protection
principles set out in the Data Protection Act 1998
This Policy explains our data processing practices and only
applies to this website. Other websites to which this website links
are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you have any queries
concerning your personal information or any questions on our use of
the information, please contact us by email
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and
website visitors. Our relationship with you is valuable and we
understand the importance you place on the privacy and security of
information which personally identifies you. In that respect, we
take your privacy seriously. Please read the following in order to
learn more about our privacy policy and our information gathering
and dissemination practices.
Why we require your information
We collect personally identifiable information when you
register with us and when you use our services. We ask you for
personal data only when it is needed to provide goods or services
you have enquired about or asked us to provide or to respond to
your request for information. You do not need to provide us with
personal data simply to browse our site.
We use this information to customise the content you see on our
pages, to fulfil your request for certain products and services, to
communicate with you generally and to contact you about special
offers, promotions or new events and services.
What information do we collect?
We will collect information from you in the following
circumstances:
Promotions and events - Personal data is required to keep you
informed of developments including new (or existing) activities,
guidance services and facilities, promotions, conferences, seminars
and training offerings. Where we offer on-line registration in
particular cases, we will require to obtain certain information
about you such as contact details and billing information to
process your registration and to follow-up such registration.
Free software download - When you download software from us we may
request your contact information to process your order.
Subscriptions and newsletters - Users of our website can register
for email newsletters and news updates. This service is entirely
optional and you may unsubscribe at any time.
Contest and surveys - From time to time we may offer users the
option of participating in contests or surveys. Participation is
entirely optional. Any information you provide during the course of
a contest or survey is used by us to conduct research, improve our
facilities and services or award prizes. Additional terms and
conditions may apply to contests which will be notified to
prospective applicants.
Optional information - We may request optional information from
you on our registration forms. We request this optional information
so that we may serve you better (for example to provide more
tailored products and services to you) and understand the make-up
of the sector better. If we request this additional information
from you, we will identify it as optional.
Discussion forums - Some users of our website may be offered the
opportunity of participating in discussion forums and posting news,
comments and other content to message boards. These services enable
users to interact easily with other visitors to the site. The
discussion forums and message boards are not private forms of
communication, and therefore any information which is posted on
them can be accessed by the general public.
Cookies - We use Google Analytics on our site.  Any cookie
whose name starts with "_UTM" is a Google Analytics first party
cookie.
Website usage data - With or without cookies, our website keeps
track of usage data, such as the source address that the page
request is coming from (your IP address, domain name), date and
time of the page request, the referring website (if any) and other
parameters in the URL (for example search criteria). We use this
data to better understand website usage so we know what areas of
our website users prefer. This information is stored in log files
and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting but is not
attributed to you as an individual.
Security - We recognise industry standards and employ security
safeguards to protect information from unauthorised access and
misuse. We use the most accurate and current information you
provide in order to process your request. Furthermore, whenever you
transmit sensitive information, such as billing or credit card
information to us through our website, we provide you access to our
secure server that allows encryption across the internet. This is
done to help protect you from unauthorised use of the information
you are sending to our server.
User Submissions - Please do not post confidential or proprietary
information to our website. Any material, information or any other
communication you transmit or post to our website (other than your
personal information) will be considered non-confidential and
non-proprietary, unless we are advised to the contrary and we will
have no liability for it. We will be free to copy, disclose,
distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communications in all
data, images, sound, text and other things embodied therein for any
and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. Users of our website
are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this site
any unlawful, threatening, libellous, defamatory, obscene,
pornographic or other material that would violate any law.
What information do we share?
There are times when we are required to share the
information we learn from you with other parties. We do not sell or
rent this information to others but will send personally
identifiable information about you to other companies or people in
the following situations:-
Agents - We may share your information with professional
advisers, strategic partners, survey and research organisations,
The Scottish Government and other individuals and organisations
that we employ or work with to perform functions in certain
situations on our behalf. Examples of these functions include
sending postal mail, faxes and email, handling credit card
transactions, providing services, and following up on enquiries
(including by phone, email, post or fax). These agents have access
to the personal information required to perform their functions,
but may not use it for any other purpose. This may also in certain
circumstances involve the transfer of your information abroad.
Compliance with law - We will release personal information where
we are required to by law or by the regulations and other rules
(including auditing requirements) to which we are subject. We may
also exchange information with other companies and organisations
for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Consent - Other than in the above situations you will receive
notice from us when your personal information might go to third
parties and you will have the opportunity to decide not to share
that information.
Changes to Privacy Policy - We may edit this policy from time to
time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by
posting a prominent announcement on our web pages.
Questions or suggestions - If you have any questions or
suggestions regarding this policy, have any concerns about the
practices of our websites, you believe we are not properly adhering
to our privacy policy or wish us to remove your personal details
from our database, please use our contact form.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask for a copy of the information
held by us in our records in return for which we may charge a small
fee. You also have the right to require us to correct any
inaccuracies in your information. Contact us using our contact
form.
Privacy
Accessibility
Copyright
Disclaimer
Site Map