https://www.markettraders.com/privacy-policy-2/
Online University Login
Learn to Trade
90-Minute Overview
Learning Center
Forex Courses
Ultimate Traders Package™ 2020
Power Fibonacci Course
Momentum Breakout Course
Target Trading 2.0 Course
Forex Certification
Blog
Live Trading
Trade with our Experts
Fibs & Formations w/ Jared Martinez
Flex w/ Chris Pulver
Hybrid w/ Gary Fichardt
Money Flow w/ Tyson Clayton
Edge w/ Tad DeVan
Trading Tools
SmartTrader Charting Software
Charting VPS Services
Open a Trading Account
Explore
Success Stories
The MTI Story
Meet the Team
Community Empowerment
Get Started
Call Us
GIVE $50, GET $50LEARN MORE
Contact UsSearchLogin
Privacy Policy
Market Traders Institute Privacy Policy
Last Modified: July 2020
Introduction
Market Traders Institute, Inc., a Florida corporation with a principal address of 3900 Millenia Blvd, Ste. 200, Orlando, Florida 32839 (sometimes referred to as “Company“, “our”, or “we” herein) respects your privacy and are committed to ensuring consumers are fully informed about the way in which we use their data. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website smarttrader.com, use any products or services offered by Company, whether directly offered by Company or through third- party affiliates or vendors, or use products or services wherein this Privacy Policy applies (our “Website“) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Company.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser- based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
This policy does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information.If you do not agree with our policies and practices, YOU MAY NOT use our Website or products. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy may change from time to time (see the section Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. Our Website is solely for individuals 18 years of age or older. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or through any of its features. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at:
3900 Millenia Blvd, Ste. 200
Orlando, FL 32839
compliance@markettradersinstitute.com
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We offer a variety of both free and paid services and products that will require your voluntary submission of information.We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”); that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details. We do not use your IP address to collect any personal information. Demographic and interest data is also collected at our Website. We collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us; automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies from third parties such as, for example, our business partners. We do not use your IP address to collect any personal information.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Your purchase history with SmartTrader.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
We may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and other patterns, including, but not limited to, details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website or information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include personal information or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service in a number of ways, including, but not limited to, enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests, speed up your searches, or recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include, but are not limited to:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. We use cookie technology to help members move faster through the site and to keep track of your shopping cart. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and help with other aspects of the Website and delivery of our products and services. The most commonly employed cookies on our site server are those that help us establish (1) whether you are a registered member of our site, and (2) whether a registered member has opted to use the “auto-login” feature, which eliminates the requirement for registered members to identify themselves each time they visit our site. A separate cookie from the company that handles our advertising production and tracking system helps identify which ad you may be clicking on, so that you will be linked to the correct site. We may also use cookie technology to track the site’s aggregate page views, which helps us determine which features the user base seems to be most or least interested in. Each time you visit our Website, our servers automatically record your activity and information such as your IP address and/or the domain from which you are visiting. We also record which links on our webpage you click on or visit and any search terms you use. We use this data for website maintenance and technical administration. Your IP address is never linked with any personally identifiable information, except in the case of our investigation into a violation of the terms associated with use, alleged misconduct, or investigation by authorities.
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking).
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. FFor information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Web Beacons. Pages of our Website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties’ goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please adjust your user preferences in your account profile as available, or email compliance@markettradersinstitute.com.
We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or which you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company ‘s assets, whether or not or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures. For more information, see this section Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
To Business Partners, Sponsors, and Other Third Parties. We may disclose your Personal Information to certain business partners under contract with SmartTrader, co-sponsors of promotions, and other third parties in order to provide you with opportunities for products and services that may interest you. We may also co-sponsor promotions, sweepstakes, or other events with a third party and may share your Personal Information in connection with these events. If you provide additional information to any of these third parties, such information will be subject to such third parties’ privacy practices.
IF YOU NO LONGER WISH TO RECEIVE EMAILS FROM MARKET TRADERS INSTITUTE, PLEASE CLICK THE UNSUBSCRIBE LINK INCLUDED IN OUR EMAILS OR CONTACT US DIRECTLY AT compliance@markettradersinstitute.com. WE MAY SEND EMAILS FROM SEVERAL DIFFERENT EMAIL SOURCES FROM WHICH YOU MUST UNSUBSCRIBE INDIVIDUALLY.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information with your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply any associated terms and conditions and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising.If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt out by email us at compliance @markettradersinstitute.com. You can also always opt out by logging into the Website and adjusting the relevant settings in user preferences in your account profile as available.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your email address used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order/registration form) or at any other time by logging into the Website and adjusting the relevant settings in user preferences in your account profile as available or by sending us an email stating your request to compliance@markettradersinstitute.com. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience, or other transactions.
Targeted Advertising. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers’ target-audience preferences, you can opt out by logging into the Website and adjusting the relevant settings in user preferences in your account profile as available or by sending us an email stating your request to compliance@markettradersinstitute.com.
We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) on the NAI’s website.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at compliance [@] smarttrader.com to request, correct, or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to compliance@markettradersinstitute.com or write us at: 3900 Millenia Blvd, Ste. 200, Orlando, Florida 32839.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions we collect will be encrypted. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time.  It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
3900 Millenia Blvd, Ste. 200, Orlando, FL 32839
compliance@markettradersinstitute.com
Satisfaction Guarantee
Subscription Refund Policy
General Disclaimer
Risk Disclaimer
Electronic Communications Delivery Policy
Privacy Policy
Testimonial Disclaimer
Trading Signals Risk Disclaimer
Automated Trading System Acknowledgment
Refer-a-Friend Program Terms and Conditions
NetworkMTI Online University
VPS Services
ForexTips.com
Affiliate Program
Partnerships Opportunities
Investor Inspiration
Chat live with one of our friendly team members.
Fill out the form below to start a chat session.
Or Submit a Ticket .
×
Welcome to Market Traders Institute Support
send