http://www.amdro.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Ambrands Privacy Policy
This policy is effective as of: March 1, 2006
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.amdro.com or related pages,you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
Non-Personally Identifiable Data: Any time you visit the Ambrands Web Site, we may gather certain non-personally identifiable information regarding the means you use to access our site and where you go on our WebSite. This information may include the type and version of your browser, your service provider, your IP address, andany search engine you may have used to locate the site. We may use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Web Site, and compile broad statistical data.
Information Voluntarily Provided: Any information you provide to us (i.e., name, e-mail address, etc.) when your request information, or use any of the other interactive portions of our Web sites, is securely maintained on our Web server and internal systems. This information may be used to provide you with information you’ve requested about our company, our products and our services, or to provide you with special notices. You may opt out of receiving future communications at any time (see Opt-Out Procedures below).
Information Collected from Other Sources: We may in the future receive information about you from other sources. We will maintain any such information in accordance with the standards set forth in this privacy policy.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Information about our Web Site visitors is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We may share your information only as described below and with subsidiaries that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.
Business Partners: We may partner with select retailers and other companies at various times to provide expanded services to our Web Site visitors. As part of such a relationship, we may share with these companies the use of certain interactive Web Site functions. Information provided by our Web Site visitors through the use of such interactive functions may be available to both us and our partners.
Agents: We may use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf (e.g.,administering e-mail services). Such parties only have access to the personal information needed to perform these functions and may not use or store the information for any other purpose. You should not receive unsolicited e-mail messages from agents working on our behalf.
Business Transfers: In the event that we, or substantially all of our assets, are acquired, Web Site visitor information will most likely be one of the transferred assets. However, such transferred information will remain subject to the terms of any pre-existing Privacy Policy of Central Garden & Pet Company and its subsidiary Ambrands.
Compliance with Law/Safety: We may disclose specific personal information based on a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or protect the rights, property, or safety of Central Garden & PetCompany and its wholly owned subsidiaries, including Ambrands.
With Your Consent: Other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified when any personally identifiable information about you may be shared with third parties, and you will be given the opportunity to decline to share that information.
Children
If you are under the age of 18, you are welcome to use this Site. However, you must obtain the approval of a parent or guardian before you submit any personally identifiable information to this Site.
External Links
This Site may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policy of any site you visit.
Opt-Out Procedures
You may always opt-out of receiving future communications from us by sending us an email at info@excelmktg.com
Notification of Changes
This privacy policy may be revised over time as new features are added to this Site and as Internet privacy standards evolve. We will post all changes to this policy on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the policy’s effective date. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
Contact Us
If you have questions concerning this privacy policy, you may contact us by email at info@excelmktg.com or by writing to:
Central Garden & Pet, Garden Division
1000 Parkwood Circle, Suite 700
Atlanta, GA 30339