http://www.craftmachine.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Craft Machine Works, Inc., along with its affiliates, is pleased to provide information to all of its customers about its online privacy policy for (http://www.craftmachine.com/). Although this Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights, it serves as an expression of Craft Machine Works, Inc.’s commitment to protecting your private personal information. Please be assured that Craft Machine Works, Inc. uses its best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this web site.
Types of Information We Collect and How It Is Used
Craft Machine Works, Inc. only gathers personal information, such as, first and last names, street addresses and email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you via email or other direct contact. Personal information will be collected from you only in order to distribute information you request
Sharing of Personal Information
Companies may be engaged by Craft Machine Works, Inc. to perform a variety of functions, such as, providing technical services for our web sites, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as provided in this privacy policy, Craft Machine Works, Inc. does not sell, rent, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Craft Machine Works, Inc. reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, we attempt to protect that information both online and offline. No assurances, however, can be provided that our efforts will always be successful, as there are many well-publicized ways to recover electronically stored personal information, often known as “hacking.”
Access
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us online. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you, change or correct any data we have about you, have us delete any data we have about you, express any concern you have about our use of your data, or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the postal address listed below.
Cookies
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the website to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, http://www.craftmachine.com/ uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in that instance.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site. [Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.]
Links to Other Sites
We may offer links to sites but are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies and any information not operated by Craft Machine Works, Inc. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies.
Sharing
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. We have not requested, and these companies have not indicated, that such companies retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order. While we believe these companies take steps to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot provide any assurances or guarantees in this regard.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is effective as of February 27, 2018. From time to time, it may be necessary for Craft Machine Works, Inc. to change this privacy policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version here, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us at:
Craft Machine Works, Inc.
Headquarters
2102 48th Street
Hampton, VA 23661