https://www.centralcarolinascale.com/privacy.htm
Call (919) 776-7737 for our Fall Specials!
Home>Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Our Promise to you
Central Carolina Scale, Inc. cannot achieve our goals without the trust and confidence of our customers. As such, we make every effort to keep our privacy policy clear, simple to read, and readily available.
We do not sell any personal information obtained through this website other than to comply with laws and regulations, or the reasonable requests of US law enforcement officials. We are in the business of selling scales and weighing related products and services, not information.
How we obtain information We receive information when you submit it via web forms, email, facsimile, etc.
As with most web sites, we also receive demographic information through the use of "cookies", and "log files" in order to improve functionality.
A cookie is a small data file placed on the user’s computer that stores information about that user. Cookies are in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We set cookies to improve your overall experience.
What information do you use in marketing?We do market to our customers through email, regular mail, retargeting, facebook, and other related methods. However, we do not sell any customer information.
How we protect information
All sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) is transmitted via secure servers which provides data encryption, server authentication, message integrity and client authentication for TCP/IP connections by the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. This is standard procedure throughout the US.
What's SSL all about?
Web browsers can operate in "normal" mode and in "secure" mode. You can tell which mode your browser is in by looking at the toolbar at the bottom of the browser window. If you see a key or the closed (locked) padlock you are in "secure" mode. Also the web address will start with https. SSL is mostly utilized in shopping cart transactions, but complete site wide SSL is gaining in popularity.
So, how safe is my credit card number and contact information?
An order placed with Central Carolina Scale is very safe. Our sales staff and accounting staff understand the importance of your personal information and work to insure your information is safe and secure.
Call: (919) 776-7737
Email: info@ccscale.com
Our Services
Sales
Service / Repair
Calibration
Rentals
Our Products
Baggage Scales
Balances
Bench Scales
Checkweighers
Counting Scales
Crane Scales
Digital Weight Indicators
Fishing Tournament Scales
Floor Scales
Force Measurement
Fork Lift Scales
Hanging Scales
Intrinsically Safe
Laundry Scales
Livestock Scales
Load Cells
Medical Scales
Pallet Jack Scales
Printers & Accessories
Remote Displays
Retail Scales
Scale Hardware
Scale Software
Shipping Scales
Test Weights
Truck Scales
Vehicle Scales
Veterinary Scales
Wrestling Scales
Our Industries
Agriculture and Farming
Asphalt & Concrete
Food and Beverage
Pharmaceutical industry
Public Sector & Military
Waste and Recycling
More...
Our Manufacturers
Avery Weigh-Tronix
Cardinal Scale Mfg.
Rice Lake Weighing
More....