http://www.pfw.nl/privacy-policy
Jump to navigation
Search form
Search
Top Menu
Our Company
Overview
Our Group
Core Ideology PurposeSPIRIT of Keva
Organization LeadershipBoard Of DirectorsBoard Committees Sustainability
Corporate Identity
Corporate Brochure
Notice to MembersOur Offering
Fragrances Personal CareHair CareSkincare & CosmeticsFabric CareHousehold ProductsFine Fragrances
Flavours
Ingredients
Services Bio Technology Research ServiceCosmetic Research ServiceCosmetic Testing LaboratoryCustom Synthesis ServicesExpertise
Creative Development Centre
Infrastructure Manufacturing PlantsQuality ControlResearch & Development CentreCareers
Employee Testimonials
People Practices CultureDevelopment programs
Careers Campus HiringLateralNews
Events & Happenings ISO 14001 Certificate
News Highlights
Press ReleaseInvestors
Annual Reports
Financial Results
General Meeting
Shareholder Information
Dividend
Corporate Governance
Corporate Action
Credit RatingsCSR
Privacy Policy
Safeguarding personal information is of the highest priority of Keva. Personal information means information that identifies you including your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
No confidential information should be provided to Keva through its site, and Keva shall take no responsibility whatsoever as to possible damages users might suffer in that respect.
Keva may solicit some information from the users of this site to enable Keva to identify the users to carry out specific transaction, in which case, users will always be asked for permission.
Keva will only retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary for the stated purpose, taking into account also our need to answer queries or resolve problems, provide improved and new products / services, and comply with legal requirements under applicable laws. This means that we may retain your personal data for a reasonable period after your last interaction with us. When the personal data that we collect is no longer required in this way, we destroy or delete it in a secure manner.
Keva may provide your personal data to its affiliates or related companies for legitimate business purposes.
No data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secured. As a result, while Keva strives to protect your information, Keva cannot warrant the security of any information users transmit to Keva.
The statements contained within the Keva site are not a warranty as to the performance of any product.
Any and all liability for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages, costs and fees, including attorney's fees, arising out of errors or omissions in, access to, use or inability to use of this site and any content of this site or the content of any site or hyperlink sites to this site is hereby disclaimed.
Cookies Policy
Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to temporarily store information within your browser, which in turn allows us to recognize the computer used to access Keva website. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. Of course, by changing the options on your web browser or using certain software programs, you can control and delete how and whether cookies will be accepted by your browser. You can also edit your browser options to choose not to receive cookies in future.
In order to help us maintain and improve our service to you Keva website, online services, applications, email messages, and advertisements may use 'cookies' to collect information about your use of the website. Cookies may also be used to carry out transactions and disabling them may affect the functionality of this website.
Keva may use cookies or other technologies to record certain information (may include your name, email address or telephone number) about your visits to the website & to measure the effectiveness of website for expansion of Business. We may also collect non personal information about your visit to our website, based on your browsing (click stream) activities. This information may include the pages browsed and products and services viewed or booked for example. This helps us to better manage and develop our offers and to provide you with better products and services tailored to your individual interests and needs. We may use this information to measure the entry and exit points of visitors to the Site and respective numbers of visitors to various pages and sections of the Site and details of searches performed. We may also use this information to measure the usage of advertising banners, other click through from the Site.
As is true of most websites, we may gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We may use this information to understand and analyse trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behaviour on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Keva may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.