https://www.sitfunds.com/terms-of-use/
FASTTRACK:       Daily Prices       |       Account Access        |       Mutual Fund Performance       |       Contact Us
Disclaimers
There are no implied or expressed warranties on the materials in this site; the materials are provided “as is.” Sit Mutual Funds disclaim, to the fullest extent of the law, any warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, as to any matter whatsoever relating to this service, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Use of this service is at your own risk. Sit Mutual Funds intends that the information contained in this service be accurate and reliable; however, errors sometimes occur. Sit Mutual Funds does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the servers that make it available are free from viruses or other harmful components. Sit Mutual Funds does not warrant or represent that the materials in this site are correct, accurate, or reliable. You (and not Sit Mutual Funds) assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction of your property or operations as a result of using this site. You accept at your own risk that the internet and online communications medium may not perform as intended despite the efforts of Sit Mutual Funds . Reference to a fund or security anywhere in this site is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold that or any other security.
Limitation of Liability
Sit Mutual Funds is not liable under any circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, for any special or consequential damages that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if Sit Mutual Funds has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Sit Mutual Funds is not liable for damages or injury, including but not limited to damages or injury caused by any performance, failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of information, whether resulting, in whole or in part, from breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence, or otherwise.
Jurisdiction
Except as described otherwise, all materials in this site are made available only to provide information about Sit Mutual Funds. Sit Mutual Funds controls and operates this site from Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States of America and makes no representation that these materials are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you use this site from other locations you are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. Some software from this site may be subject to export controls imposed by the United States and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) any country to which the U.S. has placed an embargo, (b) to everyone on the U.S. Treasury Department’s Specially Designated Nationals list, or (c) the U.S. Commerce Department’s Table of Denial Orders. If you download or use the Software or other content from this site you represent and warrant that you are not located in, or under the control of, or a national of any such country or any such list. These Terms and Conditions will be governed and be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Minnesota, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflict of law. If any part of these Terms and Conditions is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this site. Sit Mutual Funds can revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. Sit Mutual Funds makes no offers of products or services outside the United States of America.
No Solicitation or Recommendations
Nothing in this site shall be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell any security, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security or any other product or service. Nothing in this site shall be considered tax, legal, or investment advice. The views and information contained in this site are provided for informational purposes only. You are solely responsible for determining whether any investment, security or strategy or any other product or service is appropriate or suitable for you based on your investment objectives and personal and financial situation.
Third-Party Content and Links
For informational or educational purposes, and as a convenience to you, this site may provide content from a third party, or live links to an unaffiliated third party. Sit Mutual Funds makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. Providing a link from our site to a third party or providing referral information to a third party is not an endorsement, authorization or sponsorship of the third party, their products or services, or their site. While we attempt to provide such information from, or links to, sources considered reliable, we take no responsibility with respect to the accuracy, timeliness, or safety of the content of third party products, services or information.
MSCI, Russell, S&P, and Bloomberg Barclays indices are not affiliated with Sit Mutual Funds or Sit Investment Associates, Inc.  Any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary content related to those entities is exclusive property of the respective owner.  Indices are unmanaged and it is not possible to invest directly in an index.
Transmissions to and From this Website
Electronic communications can be intercepted by third parties and, accordingly, transmissions to and from this website may not be secure.  Sit Mutual Funds has implemented technology and policies, with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use, and periodically reviews the same. However, our website is on the world-wide-web and internet security is a very dynamic issue. Hence, in cases where there is unauthorized access to or loss of data from Sit Mutual Funds by hackers, “cyber vandals”, and other bad actors, viruses, and other technical breakdowns resulting in the website being de-faced, presenting incorrect or inaccurate information, experiencing downtime, or resulting in the loss of personal or proprietary information Sit Mutual Funds will not be responsible.
Sit Mutual Funds is free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques provided by a website user to Sit Mutual Funds through this website. You acknowledge and agree that Sit Mutual Funds has granted you limited access to the specific files pertaining to the Sit Mutual Funds and you agree not to attempt to access computer files other than the approved Files.  Sit Mutual Funds makes no warranty to you regarding the security of the website, including with regard to the ability of any unauthorized persons to access information received or transmitted by you through or from the website.
Prohibited Uses
Except as otherwise stated in these Terms or as expressly authorized by Sit Mutual Funds in writing, you may not use this website in any manner that could damage or overburden any Sit Mutual Funds server, or any network connected to any Sit Mutual Funds server, as all servers have limited capacity and are used by many people; use this website in any manner that would interfere with another party’s use of the website; include the term “Sit Mutual Funds,” or any Sit Mutual Funds trademark or executive’s name, or any variation of the foregoing, as a meta-tag, hidden textual element; use any robot, spider, intelligent agent, other automatic device, or manual process to search, monitor or copy this website or the reports, data, information, content, software, products services, or other materials on, generated by or obtained from this website, whether through links or otherwise (collectively, “Materials”), without Sit Mutual Funds ‘ permission, provided that generally available third-party web browsers may be used without such permission; or use this website or the Materials in any manner that could create impression of affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by Sit Mutual Funds.
Use of “Cookie” File Features
Sit Mutual Funds reserves the right to store information on a user’s computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file for purposes including, but not limited to, modifying the website to reflect users’ preferences.
Other
Sit Mutual Funds reserves the right to withdraw access to this site and revise the software, materials, information, and the services and products described in this site, at any time without notifying the user. Site content is presented only as of the date published or indicated and may be superseded by subsequent market events or other reasons.
Offered by Prospectus
The Sit Mutual Funds are offered only to U.S. residents and only by a current prospectus. Carefully consider the Fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other important Fund information and may be obtained by calling Sit Mutual Funds at 1-800-332-5580 or at www.sitfunds.com. Read the prospectus carefully before investing. Mutual funds are not FDIC insured; are not deposits or obligations of, or guaranteed by, any financial institution; and are subject to risks, including possible loss of the principal amount invested.
Fund Performance
Past performance is no indication of future results. Principal values, share prices, and investment returns fluctuate with changes in market conditions. Your investment may be worth more or less than your original cost when you redeem your shares. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance data quoted.
Consider the impact of taxes. Mutual fund shareholders may receive taxable dividends and capital gains. Taxes on such items can affect the returns you realize from your mutual fund investment. At Sit Mutual Funds, we don’t offer tax advice except to suggest that you consider the impact of taxes and that you may want to consult with your tax advisor before making any mutual fund investment.
Investment Risks
All of the Funds are subject to certain risks. Generally, investments offering potential for higher returns are accompanied by a higher degree of risk.
Investing in international securities can involve risks different than U.S. investments. These risks include currency exchange fluctuations, high volatility, illiquidity and the possibility of political instability.
Investing in stocks of small-and mid-sized companies involve risks as they may be subject to more abrupt or erratic market movements than stocks of larger, more established companies.
Scroll to top