http://www.marcushotelsandresorts.com/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Share This:
Marcus Hotels and Resorts
Privacy Policy
Marcus Hotels and Resorts Privacy Policy
Marcus Hotels, Inc. d/b/a Marcus Hotels and Resorts values our relationships with our guests. As part of our commitment to providing best-in-class service to our guests, we have created this policy to describe our policies regarding our collection of information from consumers (“you” or “your”), our use of such information, and our privacy practices with respect to same. So that you may make informed decisions regarding your personal information, we strongly urge you to review this policy completely and carefully.
This privacy policy applies to information collected by Marcus Hotels, Inc., its subsidiaries, licensees, and affiliated companies (collectively, “we”, “our”, or “us”) through your (i) use of our website(s), our mobile applications, or other third party services made available for guest use at our hotel and restaurant properties (collectively, the “Services”), (ii) participation in the Marcus RewardsTM loyalty program; (iii) participation in any sweepstakes, promotion, or survey offered by us, and (iv) disclosure of personal information to us through any other means.
If you are a resident of the European Union, please scroll down to see provisions specific to how we process your data.
While your acceptance of this policy is voluntary, your continued use and/or participation in any of the foregoing constitute your acceptance of this policy and any other applicable terms.
How We Collect and Use Data.  You may generally use the Services without disclosing personally identifiable information. However, use of certain aspects of the Services may require you to submit personally identifiable information.
When you use the Services, we automatically collect data on your usage of the Services and your online behavior, e.g., previous websites you visited, your computer’s web browser, operating system, and IP address, and how you navigate and interact with the Services. We collect this information on an anonymous basis.
We may also collect additional information from you, depending on how you engage with us. For example, if you register for the Marcus RewardsTM loyalty program, you will be asked to provide information such as your name, email address, birthday, mailing address, phone number and marketing preferences. We may collect information from you if you communicate with us through email or participate in online surveys. These services may require you to provide your email address, your name, and comments. This information is used in order to respond to you and address the feedback or request that you provided.
You may voluntarily sign up on the Services to participate in surveys, contests, or sweepstakes, or to receive promotions and other marketing material from us. The information collected may include your name, email address, zip code, and birthday and anniversary information.
Additionally, the Services offer you the opportunity to place requests for future services or services during your stay at one of our properties, such as making a reservation, booking conference rooms or ballrooms or requesting room service. Information collected from you when you place requests for services through the Services includes your name, phone number, and email, and information about the service requested. We may also need information regarding your room number. We use this information to accommodate your request and pre-populate data to streamline your future requests.
When you use the Services through one of our mobile applications, we may collect precise location data (“Location Data”) as part of the functionality of the Services. We collect Location Data through the Services so we can offer you certain location-based services and conduct analytics to improve the Services. For example, when you use the Services at the Grand Geneva Resort & Spa to view the location of a trolley or to request a trolley for a future pickup and you have enabled geolocation tracking, we will collect your Location Data to accurately depict your location in relation to the trolley.
We collect Location Data in several ways from your wireless carrier and/or directly from the device on which you use the Services. If you are accessing the Services through one of our mobile applications, the way we collect Location Data will differ depending on your mobile device’s operating system. In all events, we do not collect Location Data, unless you have “allowed” its collection. If you decline to allow Location Data collection in the app, we will not collect your Location Data unless you manually enter it in. Further, while we may collect your Location Data, we are not able to determine your specific geolocation through the Services.
We use the information collected from you in a number of ways, including, without limitation, to improve the content and navigation of the Services, to assist in the marketing and promotion of our services in which you may be interested, to communicate with you for customer service purposes, and to prevent and detect fraud or other misuse of the Services. Further, we routinely share this information with third parties, such as industry data sharing services and promotional and other business partners. However, we never share your Location Data, which is retained only during your current session within our mobile applications or in order to fulfill your request for a future trolley pickup during your stay at the Grand Geneva Resort & Spa.
We take reasonable measures and implement appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information. However, by agreeing to this policy, you acknowledge that transmission of information over the Internet is, inherently, not secure. Security breaches cannot be prevented entirely, and by continuing to use the Services and applications, you accept the risk that a security breach may occur. For that reason, we ask that you do not send your social security or credit card numbers to us through an unsecured email.
Third Parties.  We may retain third parties to place and manage advertisements through the Services. These third parties may automatically collect information from you, through cookies and other technology, in order to provide you with tailored advertisements on websites you visit.
We may obtain contact details and other personal information regarding individuals, such as media contacts and influencers, from a variety of third party sources, including Cision. If you wish to know more about how such information is collected and used by Cision, please refer to Cision’s privacy notice at www.cision.com/us/legal/privacy-policy/.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Services, your navigation to the Services, the time and date of you used the Services, and your IP address. Google uses this information to provide use reports about traffic on the Services.  For more information, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
To enhance your experience with us, we may use third party software and/or applications to provide you certain of the Services, which may require us or you to input personal information to use such Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third party providers. This policy applies only to the information collected by us as specified in this policy.  It is your responsibility to understand the individual privacy policies of any application you use.
In addition, the Services may contain links to other websites that are not operated or controlled by us, including the online reservations system. We do not endorse the content, nor make any assurances about the security, of these websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites. This policy applies only to the information collected by us as specified in this policy.  It is your responsibility to understand the individual privacy policies of any website you visit.
Cookies.  Cookies are small files that a website installs on your hard drive. Cookies enable our web server to recognize your computer, which allows the Services to tailor content to better match your interests and preferences. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent using the Services and the websites you visit just after using the Services. However, the data collected does not include personally identifiable information. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to block cookies altogether; however, doing so may impair your ability to use the Services. As noted above, third party digital marketing agencies may use their own cookies, which collect their own anonymous information independent of our activities.
Permitted Users.  We do not specifically target the Services to children under 13 years old.  If you are under the age of 13, you should only use the Services under the supervision of a parent or guardian.
Modification.  We reserve the right to change this policy at any time without notice. You are responsible for keeping apprised of the current policy; thus, we encourage you to check the policy periodically. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised policy on the Services. Your continued use of the Services constitutes your acceptance of any revised policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will endeavor to provide notice of any material changes to this policy by posting notice on the Services.
Disclosures.  We may be required to share personal information with third parties, including law enforcement or government agencies, as a result of a court order, subpoena, or as otherwise required by law.  Additionally, we may disclose your information as part of a planned or potential corporate sale, merger, reorganization, consolidation, or similar events. Your information will be treated as an asset and be transferred to the purchaser as part of a sale or other transaction.
How We Handle Data for Our Guests that are EU Residents.
If you are a resident of the European Union, this section addresses how we handle your personal data. The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal data, including the right to be informed about our use of your personal data; the right to access and correct your personal data; the right to have your personal data erased; the right to object to our use of your personal data; the right to restrict our processing of your personal data; and the right to “portable” personal data. Each of these rights is limited as provided in the GDPR. If you believe we have failed to provide you with one of these rights, you may lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority.
Please be aware that we are based in the United States and do not have any operations within the EU. We welcome guests from all countries to stay at our hotels and to visit our restaurants; however, we do not directly market to or offer services to any EU residents.
What Data Do We Collect?
When you make a reservation to stay at one of our hotels or visit one of our restaurants, you will be required to provide certain personal data, such as your name, address, phone number, and email address. We collect this data due to contractual necessity, as it is necessary in order for us to complete your reservation and to meet and exceed your expectations for your stay. If you choose to not to provide your personal data when making a reservation, we may be limited in our ability to complete your reservation and provide you with other services. We will retain your personal data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this section, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
We make every effort to not collect personal data from EU residents for marketing purposes. Periodically, we will review our marketing databases and if any personal data from EU residents is discovered, we will promptly remove it. However, the technical limitations of certain services we use may limit our ability to fully control the data we collect; for example, we are not able to identify an IP address as originating from a country in the EU,  and thereby limit certain online behavioral advertising conducted via the Services. As new tools becomes available, we will review and update our practices to further limit the data we collect for marketing purposes.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about your use of the Services, your navigation to the Services, the time and date of you used the Services, and your IP address. Google uses this information to provide use reports about traffic on the Services, which we receive pseudonymously. We are not able to use the data we receive from Google Analytics to identify any particular individual. For more information, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
Cookies are small files that a website installs on your hard drive. Cookies enable our web server to recognize your computer, which allows the Services to tailor content to better match your interests and preferences. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent using the Services and the websites you visit just after using the Services. This information may be used to target advertising to you for goods or services that you may be interested in. The technical limitations of certain services we use may limit our ability to inform you before a cookie is placed on your computer.  As new tools becomes available, we will review and update our practices regarding your ability to accept cookies when you visit our websites. However, you can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to block cookies altogether; however, doing so may impair your ability to use the Services. As noted above, third party digital marketing agencies may use their own cookies, which collect their own anonymous information independent of our activities.
How Do We Receive Your Data?
For reservations, we receive personal data from a variety of third party sources with whom we partner. These sources include, but are not limited to, the booking engines we use to take reservations, which may provide information directly to us or come through a third party franchisor for one of our branded hotels; online travel agents, such as Expedia; third party wholesalers to whom we make limited rooms available for sale; and through the global distribution system used by certain travel industry service providers, such as travel agencies.
How Will We Use Your Data?
We use your personal data to create a reservation for your hotel stay or restaurant visit, as the case may be. In connection with your reservation, we may use your personal data to (a) send you communications regarding your stay prior to your arrival; (b) personalize your experience during your stay and to offer you the level of service and hospitality you expect while staying at one of our properties; (c) send you communications regarding your stay after your departure, such as surveys to get feedback on your stay; and (d) facilitate making future reservations for you. Your personal data will be used by our associates in connection with these uses.
Also, your personal data may be de-identified and aggregated with data regarding our other guests so that we may analyze customer travel preferences, predict and anticipate future behaviors, develop statistics based on guest data, and other similar internal business purposes.
We may be required to share personal data with third parties, including law enforcement or government entities, as a result of a court order, subpoena, or as otherwise required by law.  Additionally, we may disclose personal data as part of a planned or potential corporate sale, merger, reorganization, consolidation, or similar events. Otherwise, we do not share your personal data with any third parties; however, as noted earlier, your data was likely provided to us by a third party.
We do not use your personal data to make any automated decisions or to build individual profiles.
Each of our hotels and restaurants is based in the United States. As a result, we do not transfer your personal data outside of the U.S.
Opting Out.  You are never obligated to provide us with any personal information. However, if you choose not to share any personal information, we may be limited in what Services we can provide you, such as making a reservation at one of our hotels or restaurants. At any time, if you would like to cease receiving communications from us or limit our ability to share your information with third parties, you may “opt out.” You may unsubscribe to all communications from us by filling out an unsubscribe form located on the Services. To limit how we otherwise use or share your information, please send an email to marketing@marcushotels.com.
Last Updated: October 21, 2019.
4826-5638-9166, v. 5
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Use of this website indicates your agreement to our Terms of Use.
X