http://www.militaryandlaw.com.au/privacy_policy.html
MENU
HOME
PRODUCTS
Night Vision
Night Vision Devices
Night Vision Goggles
Night Vision Modules
Night Vision Scopes
NIM Night Intensification Module
Thermal Imaging
Thermal Imaging Cameras
Thermal Imaging Scopes
Sensors
CCTV Lenses
Image Intensifier Tubes
Infrared Lighting
Small Arms Collimators
EV9 Image Enhancer
Portable Rapid Deployment Observation & Monitoring System
DEMO KIT
CLEAR-OUTS
RENTAL
Night Vision for Camcorders
Night Vision for dSLR Cameras
Night Vision for ENG Broadcast
Rental Terms & Conditions
TECH SPECS
IP Ratings
Tube Specifications
BLOG / PRODUCT DEVS
FAQ
RESOURCES
Glossary of Terms
How Night Vision works
Night Vision Range Calculator
Product Catalogue Download
Tube Substitution
Useful Links
CONTACT
PRIVACY AND TERMS OF USE
Your Privacy
ARSTZ½ Pty Ltd ABN 99 050 974 368 trading as Military & Law Enforcement Technologies® (MALET) is committed to protecting your privacy.
Collection, maintenance, use and disclosure of personal information for the purpose of newsletter distributions are governed by the Australian Privacy Principles as set out in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and the Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000.
The type of information MALET may collect includes your name, organisation & email address.  We may also receive information from web browsers when you visit our website, such as your server address, domain name, date and time of your visit, the pages visited, and selected information for statistical purposes only.  The personal information you provide enables MALET to send you via emails, periodic newsletters when available.
Disclosure: MALET may disclose your contact information on a confidential basis to our contracted email newsletter service provider for the sole purpose of sending you the newsletters via email that you have subscribed to. MALET does not disclose your information to any other third party except as may be required by law.
Accuracy and Security: We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we collect, use or disclose is accurate, complete, up-to-date and stored in a secure environment protected from unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.  You should be aware that there are potential security risks when transmitting information via the internet. You should assess these potential risks when deciding whether to use our online newsletter distribution service. If you do not wish to transmit information via our website, there are other ways in which you can communicate and register with MALET. Please see our contact details.
Access and Correction: Upon your request, MALET will take all reasonable steps to let you know what personal information we hold, for what purposes and how we collect, use and disclose that information.
Generally, the information which you have provided to MALET while registering for the newsletter distribution service may be corrected by you online through the newsletter subscription portal located on the company’s URL Splash Page. The information which you can correct includes your name, organisation, email address and the newsletter service you may either subscribe or unsubscribe to.
Terms of Use:
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE.
By using this site, you signify your agreement to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use please do not use the site. Military & Law Enforcement Technologies® (MALET) reserves the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the MALET website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Information and Content: The information and content contained in this site is for preliminary and general information only and does not constitute legal or other professional advice. You must not rely on any information or content contained in, or omitted from, this site without obtaining independent advice.
No Warranties or Representations: Except to the extent that such warranties or representations are implied by law and cannot be excluded, MALET makes no warranty or representation regarding the quality, currency, accuracy, reliability, performance, completeness or fitness for purpose of any part of the information and content on this site, or on any pages or sites linked to this site.
In particular, MALET does not represent or warrant that the information and content on this site, or the facilities that make it available, will not cause damage, or are free from any computer virus or any other defects or errors, or that your access to the site will be uninterrupted. To the maximum extent permitted by law, MALET is not liable (whether in contract, negligence or otherwise) for any loss or damage arising from the use of this content and information.
Links: MALET is not responsible for the information or content of any site accessed, or linked to, via this site. Links to other sites are provided for convenience only and do not represent any endorsement, sponsorship or approval of the products or services offered by the site owner or the information or content on such sites.
Copyright: All subject matter on and accessible from MALET’s website (www.militaryandlaw.com.au) is subject to copyright protection. Except where necessary for viewing the information on your browser, or as permitted under the Copyright Act 1968 (Cth) or other applicable laws or these Terms and Conditions, no information on this website may be reproduced, adapted, uploaded to a third party, linked to, framed, performed in public, distributed or transmitted in any form by any process without the specific written consent of MALET. If provided, permission will be subject to the requirement that the copyright owner's name and interest in the material be acknowledged when the material is reproduced or quoted, in whole or in part.
Availability: Products and services referred to in this site are only available in Australia & New Zealand. Unless otherwise stated, nothing in this site constitutes an offer for the supply or goods or services, or a promise or representation that MALET will supply any goods or services.
Cookies: A cookie is some textual information which a web server sends to your web browser. Your web browser usually stores this information somewhere on your computer's hard disk. The web server may retrieve this information from your web browser whenever a web page is sent to you.
Cookies cannot determine the identity of individual users. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you provide yourself.
TOP