https://www.efpnow.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy – EFP
Custom Solutions
For Brokers
For Employers
Case Studies
Our Company
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Last modified: October 22, 2018
Introduction
Employee Family Protection, Inc. and its affiliated companies ("Company" or "We") respect(s) your privacy. We are committed to protecting confidential information entrusted to us by you. This Privacy Policy informs you, the User, of our practices and policies concerning collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of personal information for all Users (each a “User” and collectively, “Users”) of our Website and its services.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect:
on this Website;
in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website;
through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
This Privacy Policy also covers Company’s treatment of personal information that We, our subsidiaries, affiliates and business partners share or that We may collect on a related entity’s or business partner’s website.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website. Company has no control over the content of third party websites that may be identified on the Website or, if applicable, accessed through hyperlinks. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Accordingly, we encourage users to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects your information.
This Privacy Policy does not cover aggregated and/or anonymized data from which the identity of an individual cannot be determined.  Company retains the right to use aggregated and/or anonymized data in any way Company deems appropriate.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We may collect several types of information from and about Users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, e-mail address, telephone number (“Personal Information”);
regarding reports of problems with our Website;
submitted in response to a survey that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We may collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us or automatically as you navigate through the Website.
By providing Personal Information to Company and/or the Website, Users shall be deemed to acknowledge this Privacy Policy and provide express informed consent to Company’s collection, use, maintenance and disclosure of said User’s Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If, for some reason, a User does not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, then said User should not, and is requested not to, provide any Personal Information to Company. Certain services offered by Company can only be provided if a User provides Personal Information to Company. Thus, if a User chooses not to provide Company with certain required Personal Information, the User may not be permitted to obtain certain services offered by Company or this Website.
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, We may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. Such information may include usage details, IP addresses, browser type, type of computer operating system, domain name of the website from which User linked to Company’s Website, the pages a User reviews or requests, and any other information collected through cookies or other tracking technologies. This type of information will only be collected int eh aggregate in connection with all Users of Company’s Website for tracking, planning, forecasting, and/or evaluation purposes.
“Cookies” are files or information that is stored on a User’s computer hard drive when a User visits our Website, and are used to remember and assist a User in the future use of the Website.  Most internet browsers are set up to accept cookies. If a User does not wish to accept cookies, a User can adjust its internet browser to refuse the use of cookies or alert the User when cookies are being transmitted.
How We Use Your Information
Company may use Personal Information it has collected through its Website to, among other things, (a) provide User with a service, (b) measure a User’s interest in certain services or to inform a User about a service offered by Company, (c) measure and attempt to predict the effectiveness of Company’s marketing, advertising and sales efforts; and (d) for any other purpose with your consent. In addition to the foregoing, if a User has provided its email address to Company, We may send the User email offers.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our Users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Company’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred;
to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to these disclosures. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
with your consent;
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government of regulatory request.
Company does not and will not sell or rent your Personal Information to anyone. Company may, from time to time, send Personal Information about a User to other persons or entities that perform services on behalf of Company (“Service Providers”), but only when:
Service Provider has agreed to use such information solely for the purposes of providing services to Company;
Service Provider agrees to protect such information in the same manner as the policies set forth in this Policy Statement;
Company has obtained the User’s consent to share the information;
Company needs to share the User’s information in order to provide the service the User has requested;
Company needs to send the information to a Service Provider who works on behalf of Company to provide a service to you.
Unless Company informs a User otherwise, a Service Provider does not have any right to use the Personal Information Company provides to them beyond what is necessary to assist Company, or in response to a legal obligation including without limitation a subpoena, court order or Company believes that the law requires disclosure, or where the information is currently in the public domain.
Maintenance and Security of Personal Information
Company keeps a User’s Personal Information for as long as We determine necessary to fulfill the objective for which it was collected.
We have implemented measures designed to secure Users’ personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. We secure the Personal Information provided by Users on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, behind firewalls, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, according to industry standard security measures.
The transmission of information via the internet is not 100% completely secure. Although Company does our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of information submitted to, maintained by, or transmitted from our Website. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
The safety and security of Personal Information also depends on Users. Users are responsible for keeping data, including access logins and passwords, confidential.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Company may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any such changes on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our Users' Personal Information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. Any changes will be effective as of the date of posting revisions. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page.
Users are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at (860) 659-1323.
Employee Family Protection, Inc.
PO Box 1237
Glastonbury, CT 06033
Our philosophy of exceptional, effective, and enduring service delivers results.
We are committed to the long-term success of our clients and the benefit programs they choose to offer their employees.
Case Studies
Contact Us
Contact Us (800) 229 5129
contact@efpnow.com
90 Kreiger Lane
Glastonbury, CT 06033
Linkedin
MenuCustom Solutions
For Employers
For Brokers
Our Company
Case Studies
Contact Us
InformationPrivacy Policy
Job Postings
© Employee Family Protection, Inc. 2020
Design by Cocoon Web Design
CloseHome
Custom Solutions
For Employers
For Brokers
Our Company
Case Studies
Job Postings
Privacy Policy
Contact Us