https://www.auburnmfg.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Search for:
All ProductsSearch Site
Welding
Hot Side
Cold Side
FM Approved Fire Protection
Un-Rated Fabrics
MRO
Heat Resistant Cloth
Hose & Pipe Covering
High Temperature Tape
Insulation
High Temperature Tubing
Gasketing and Sealing
Thread
Hardware
Wire Mesh
Drawstrings
Ever Green® Cut ‘n Wrap™
Rope
Tape/Tadpole
Safety Apparel/PPE Fabrics
Safety Fabrics
Insulation Tapes
Samples
Accessories
Fire Quilt™
Aluminized Fabrics
Who we are
Auburn Manufacturing, Inc. (AMI)
Auburn Manufacturing, Inc. is an industry leader in the manufacture of FM Approved textiles and flexible barriers for extreme-heat protection. Located in Mechanic Falls, Maine, AMI exports products to over 30 countries worldwide.
This Privacy Statement is to inform you, the user, of our policy and practices about the information collected about you and how that information is used. By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
eCommerce
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store. This information to help to fulfill orders and serve our users/customers. This information is collected during the checkout or account creation process and includes the following personal data:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Payment details
In addition we also collect and use cookies to keep track of the following information while you are on our site to help support you during your visit:
Products viewed
Cart contents
Location/IP address
Browser type
Shipping address
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as to:
Send you information about your account and order
Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
Process payments and prevent fraud
Set up your account for our store
Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
Improve our store offerings
Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you contact us through one of our forms we collect the data shown in the form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection and fraudulent submissions.
SMTP Service
If you contact us through the site using one of our contact forms we use an SMTP service to deliver email. This service allows us to monitor and ensure the delivery of the email.
Message Metadata – The metadata of a message, which includes the sender, recipient(s), subject line, originating IP address and other routing data is indexed and maintained for 30 days. This data is used by our staff and support in troubleshooting processing and delivery issues that periodically occur. This data is available in its entirety via our logs and Events API.
Message Body – The bodies of messages for up to 72 hours for both incoming and outgoing messages. For outgoing messages, temporary storage allows our systems to attempt to re-deliver messages that could not be delivered on the first attempt.
Suppressions – Suppressions are permanently stored email addresses that are created as a result of a hard bounce, complaint, or unsubscribe.  We store suppressions until you remove them or your account has been deleted. Suppressions may be stored in a backup system for disaster recovery purposes for up to 30 days after removal.
Recipient Data – Mailgun stores activity information of recipient email addresses in a hashed (pseudonymization) format.  This data allows us to more accurately pre-validate email addresses, detect potential risky senders who may damage IP reputation, and help customers optimize their delivery processes.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
User Interactions
When visitors interact with the site we log these actions with their username, if logged in, and IP address. This information is used for support/debugging site performance and interaction. It is only used by our web development staff. This information is held for 30 Days and then deleted.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased, and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We will not share your personal data with any third parties without your prior consent (which you are free to withhold) except where we are required to do so by law or outlined below.
Akismet
Akismet is an anti-spam service for the web. It only the personal data needed to carry out Akismet’s core function of protecting your site against comment spam is collected from commenters on your site. We do not sell the data you send to the Akismet service, and we do not keep it for long. We have short retention periods of between two weeks and ninety days for the vast majority of our spam-related data, at which point it is automatically deleted from our databases. Anyone can opt-out of all long-term tracking for the very small subset of data we do keep longer by using our contact form. For more information, please visit our Privacy Notice.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics to collect information about the use of this site. For details please see the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. For details please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Our contact information
Email
sales@auburnmfg.com
Phone
1-800-264-6689
Address
PO Box 220, 34 Walker Road,
Mechanic Falls, Maine 04256
Links to Other Sites
Our site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our site does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
How we protect your data
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.