http://www.islandsurfboards.com.au/terms-of-service
0
Since 1969
Surfboards
Shop
Custom
Sprays
Social
Surf School
Surf Report
Contact
Back
About
Factory Team
TEAM RIDERS
Back
Surfboards
Stickers
Gift Vouchers
Surf Lessons
Back
About
FAQs
Customers
Bookings
Hire & Softboards
Terms of Service  The use of this site is governed by the policies, terms and conditions below. Please read them carefully. Your use of this site indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Your placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Island Surfboards reserves the right to make changes to this site and these terms and conditions at any time. In regards to privacy concerns, please review our Privacy Policy. By ordering or registering with Island Surfboards you grant us the right to add your contact details to our database. From time to time we may contact you about offers and new products. You can easily be removed by contacting us at sales@islandsurfboards.com.au and we will remove you from marketing communications.Australia Sales OnlyWe only sell and ship products within Australia. We will not make deliveries outside of Australia.Order Acceptance PolicyYour receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Island Surfboards reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed must obtain pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment, as established by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.PricingPrices are subject to change without notice. All credit cards are charged in Australian Dollars.Typographical ErrorsIsland Surfboards makes every reasonable effort to present accurate information on our website however, in the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, Island Surfboards shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Island Surfboards shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Island Surfboards shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.ColoursWe have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colours of the products shown on this website. However, because the colours you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any colour will be accurate.DeliveryWe use Australia Post Registered Post service for most deliveries Australia wide.We also use various courier/freight services for the delivery of bulky/heavy items.With the exception of bulky/heavy items all orders will be delivered according to Australia Post delivery routes and schedules. Please visit the Australia Post website to access more specific delivery information.Please allow 3-10 working days for delivery of your order.Island Surfboards does not ship outside of Australia.Standard delivery charge is $10.00, excluding stickers which have a delivery charge of $5.00.The delivery times provided by Island Surfboards are estimates only. Island Surfboards will not be held accountable for late deliveries or loss or damage relating to late deliveries.In the event that multiple items are ordered, part deliveries may be made where stock is not available. All reasonable attempts to notify you will be made using the details you provided. Please ensure you enter the correct delivery address. Island Surfboards cannot be held responsible for incorrectly entered delivery addresses.Change of AddressIsland Surfboards cannot be held responsible for an incorrect address being entered on your order. Address Confirmation is given on the review & buy page in the checkout section of the site. If this is not noticed until after your order is finalised, please contact Island Surfboards immediately.<br />We will attempt to update any incorrect order details, however due to the fast turnaround some orders cannot be adjusted. In the case that your order is processed and cannot be updated, please refer to our returns and exchange section for more information.WarrantiesAll warranties offered are the manufacturer’s warranties and not that of Island Surfboards.Refunds & ReturnsIsland Surfboards is committed to customer satisfaction and would like your online shopping experience with us to be as simple as possible. If you receive any full price merchandise that you are unhappy with for any reason, simply return it to us along with the invoice within 14 days of purchase, in the condition that you received it and we will happily exchange or refund.*REFUNDS ARE NOT AVAILABLE FOR SALE ITEMS*We are more than happy to offer an exchange on sale items purchased online. However, please note that we do not allow refunds for change of mind. If the item is faulty, normal refund conditions apply.Returns must be in as new condition with tags attached unless faulty. Faulty goods will be dealt with as per the manufacturer's warranty. Due to health regulations, we are unable to exchange or refund on any underwear or swimwear. We recommend sending returns via registered post as we do not accept responsibility for lost items. Upon return of faulty goods, we will assess and forward on to the manufacturer. If the item is being repaired we will inform of the estimated date of completion via email. The repaired item will then be posted back to you free of charge. If the item cannot be repaired or replaced, you will be refunded as soon as possible after the assessment.Please return faulty goods along with your invoice to the following address:Island SurfboardsOnline Returns147 Thompson Ave,Cowes, VIC, 3922Order CancellationsIf notified before goods have been dispatched, Island Surfboards can accommodate order cancellations. If items have been shipped, normal Refunds & Returns conditions apply.LiabilityIsland Surfboards is not liable for any losses or damages caused by this website or any website linked to or from this website. We reserve the right to refuse any order without giving reason. Upon cancellation of an order we will make all reasonable attempts to contact you using the details provided. All received monies will be refunded using the method received.CopyrightThis site is owned and operated by Island Surfboards. Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Island Surfboards.All software used on the site is the sole property of Island Surfboards or those supplying the software.<br />You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose.No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without Island Surfboards prior written permission.All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.Any unauthorised use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.