http://www.linguamax.co.uk/privacy-policy-2/
Privacy Policy – Linguamax
Skip to content
info@linguamax.co.uk I
Phone: +44 (0) 3301 3302 71
Menu
Home
About Linguamax
Our Services
Translation
Engineering and Technical Document Translation
Thesis and Dissertation Proofreading
Client Sectors
Quality
Contact Us
Arabic
Privacy Policy
Linguamax  is a language service provider and this policy explains how we use any personal information we hold about our suppliers on our systems. What information do we hold about you? (i) Information you voluntarily provide to us. This information may include your name, postal and email addresses, phone numbers, details of your education, background and experience. It may also include bank details if we pay you via bank transfers. (ii) Information from other sources, which is available on translators/interpreters’ databases and websites, social media platforms or public databases. How will we use the information about you? We hold your information in order to contact you about possible assignments and projects. We do not sell or share your information with other third parties unless with your explicit consent (e.g. recommendations to other language service providers). We also use it to send you important notices or information. Access to your information You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of your information held by us, please email us at grace@linguamax.co.uk We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate. How to contact us Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you  by email: info@linguamax.co.uk Safeguarding your information We take all reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, considering the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal information. Thank you for taking the time to learn about our Privacy Policy.
Terms & Conditions I Environmental Policy I Privacy Policy
© Copyright 2020 - Linguamax. All Rights Reserved