http://www.cityslang.com/privacy-policy
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
We herewith wish to inform you about the processing of personal data by us as the controller, in particular when you are using our website www.cityslang.com and associated artist websites (together “Sites”). We process personal data (e.g. name, address, e-mail address and telephone number of a data subject) in accordance with the applicable law, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Data Protection Law (BDSG).
This privacy policy refers to terms that are based on the GDPR. The definition for some of these terms may be found at the end of this policy.
Controller in the sense of Art.4 para.7 GDPR is: City Slang GmbH & Co KG Urbanstraße 70 a 10967 Berlin, Germany
HRA 42894 B Telefon: +49 030 700 116 700 E-Mail: info ( at)  cityslang   (dot)  com
City Slang GmbH & Co KG Company (City Slang) responsible for the www.cityslang.com.com
This Privacy Policy sets out how City Slang collects and processes the personal information you provide while using the Sites. If you have any questions with regard to these practices or no longer wish to receive communications from City Slang, please click here and submit a "Privacy and Personal Data Queries" query. This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2018 and any changes will be posted to this page.
What data do we collect and how?
We collect your personal information through webforms when you visit our site, or sign-up to a mailing list via any of the Sites. We use this information to send you information regarding City Slang and our artists, and related activities including those of third parties which we think may be of legitimate interest to you.
If you sign up to any City Slang mailing list, we will collect and store the following information: your full name, email address and your public internet protocol (IP) address.
We also collect information automatically about your visit to the Sites using cookies. Cookies help us to understand how people use the Sites, enable online transactions and inform our digital advertising. Please see our Cookies Policy below for more details.
How do we use your personal information?
City Slang mailing lists: The information we collect via mailing lists enables us to tailor e-mail communications to your location and make these more relevant to you, and we will keep this information for as long as your consent is still valid. You can expect to receive no more than two to three e-mail communications per month from City Slang, which will include news, offers and information about new releases, taking into account any previous purchases by you from City Slang Shop.
City Slang Shop: The information we collect via City Slang Shop and our partner Bingo Merch enables us to fulfil your order and our contractual obligations to you. We will only use your mobile phone number to contact you with updates about delivery, in the event you placed an order using a tracked delivery service.
In the interest of providing a quality service, we use third party payment services providers who may be located in the United States (SagePay or PayPal, depending on the payment method you choose at the check-out stage) to handle electronic or card payments. The payment provider (either SagePay or PayPal) handle electronic or card payments without the requirement for you to disclose your payment information or billing address to us.
City Slang will fulfil your order using a third party fulfilment service located in Germany (Bingo Merch), To ensure you receive your order, City Slang will provide Bingo Merch with your personal information together with information about the products you have ordered. City Slang and Bingo Merch will keep your full name and delivery address on-file alongside your order details for as long as your consent and the purpose for retaining that data is still valid, such purpose being to enable us to handle any questions from you about your order after shipping.
If you consented to receiving further e-mail communications from us at the time of making your purchase, City Slang may also use your personal information and order details to contact you about offers which are only open to existing customers. Information collected via City Slang artist websites may also be stored by that artist’s representatives for the purposes set out in this paragraph. If you have not consented to receiving further e-mail communications from us, we will only contact you with important information relating to your purchase - for example if there is a production delay relating to an item you have pre-ordered.
Your rights
City Slang is committed to protecting the personal information you entrust to us. We adopt robust and appropriate technologies and policies to protect the information you have provided to us from unauthorised access and improper use.
City Slang will not sell your personal information to third parties or use it for purposes not set out in this Privacy Policy. If it is necessary to transfer your data outside the EEA, City Slang will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data continues to be protected.
You can unsubscribe from City Slang e-mail communications at any time by using the unsubscribe link in the footer of our e-mails or via https://www.cityslang.com/contact You can also use this contact form to request a copy of the personal information that we hold on you, or if you wish to amend your personal information held by City Slang, or request that we delete your personal information from our records.
COOKIES POLICY
In order to make our websites easier to use and improve our service, we use cookies across our Sites. Cookies are small files stored in your browser which do not give us access to your computer. Information generated by the third-party cookies listed below will be transmitted and stored on servers in the United States and outside the EEA. For more information on cookies, including how to reject or delete them, please visit http://allaboutcookies.org
City Slang uses cookies to:
Power our e-commerce process by remembering what is in your cart and where you want your order delivered.
Show you advertisements across third-party websites and social media platforms which are relevant to your interests in City Slang artists. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert, as well as to measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. These advertisements are served by Google and Facebook and enabled using the following third-party cookies.
You can opt-out of Google AdWords targeting by visiting Google’s Ads Settings here: http://www.google.com/settings/ads. You can opt-out of seeing online interest-based ads from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe, or through your mobile device settings.
Measure and generate reports on use of the Sites so that we can measure and improve their performance including the number of page visits and traffic sources. To do this, we use the following third-party cookies:
Google Analytics, operated by Google Inc. All user data collected by these cookies is in an anonymous form. You can view Google’s practices and position on privacy across Google Analytics here: http://www.google.co.uk/intl/e...
×
Join the the City Slang Club for News and Specials
By signing up to the City Slang Club mailing list you will be kept updated on our new music, new products and special offers.
* indicates required
Email Address *
×