https://www.casinocareers.com/privacy.php
MENU
Home
Job Search
Job Seekers
Login
Post A Resume
Resume Posting Guide
Featured Career Tip
FAQ
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Employers
Login
Services
Posting Packages
Executive Search
FAQ
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Our Clients
Alliances
Career Resources
Gaming/Hospitality Schools
Career Tips
Links
Company
About Us
News
Graphics Center
RSS Terms of Use
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Privacy PolicyThis policy was last modified on December 4, 2016
What information do we collect?
We ask for information relative to a resume, such as work history, education, licensure, etc as well as information about Employers who wish to use our talent acquisition services.
We collect information from you when you register on our web site.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, fax or phone number. If you are an Employer, we will request information about your company.
You may, however, visit our site without logging in anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
We use it to enable the job seekers to connect with the Employers seeking employees and to advise the Job Seekers of new opportunities.
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails about the status, discounts, or upgrades to the services we offer, which you have elected to use, either as a Job Seeker or Employer. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
We or our third party service providers use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies. We, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement.
Google Analytics - http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts information on our payment processor Quantum Services LLC.
Our Payment Processor statement on information protection:
"The information gathered on secure computers is stored in a locked down data center. The number of employees involved in the management of the data center that have physical access to these computers is limited. We use firewalls and other security technology, as well as implement the highest industry standard security practices, to prevent our computers from being accessed by unauthorized persons."
We also require that any personally identifiable consumer information sent to us by you be encrypted using SSL encryption. To learn more about SSL, go to: http:///info.ssl.com
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes - Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to make the experience for you on our website much easier. Cookies enable us to serve secure pages to our users without asking them to sign in repeatedly. If a user's system is idle for more than an hour, however, the cookie will expire, forcing the user to sign in again to continue their session. This prevents unauthorized access to the user's information while they are away from their computer. You may have the ability to reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however, some features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do allow Employers who access our resume database to see the work history of Job Seekers who have posted their resume in our database, or who have submitted their resume and contact information to Employers via email, or through the company's application. If the Job Seeker has elected to post their resume in Open Access, (or has inadvertently pasted it in to the content of their Work Experience), the Job Seeker's contact information will be visible to Employers with resume database access, or who have a job posted on Casino Careers, to which the Job Seeker has elected to submit his/her resume.
We do allow Employers who access our resume database, or to whom they apply for an opportunity, to see their work history, to see their resume and contact information (if the resume is in open access).
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information, or information about your business transactions with our company. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website:
Employer Terms & Conditions
Job Seeker Terms & Conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy and terms of conditions where applicable.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date above.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using our JobSeeker or Employer contact forms
Information about our Organization and Web site
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like Casino Careers, LLC . We are based in the USA. Our principal activities are:
Staffing / Recruitment
Employee Placement
Our privacy policy covers Casino Careers, LLC and its subsidiaries (such as Gaming Hospitality Executive), and its Web Sites:
Organization Name:
Casino Careers, LLC
Address:
2327 New Road, Suite 205
City, Zip:
Northfield , 08225
State:
New Jersey
Country:
United States of America
Controller:
Daniel King
Web Site(s):
www.casinocareers.com
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data.
Automatic Collection of Information
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies. We, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or partners may also place web beacons for these third parties. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement.
Google Analytics - http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html
Data Collection and Purpose Specification
We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services.
We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
We may collect and use personal data for the additional purposes of:
Advising Job Seekers/Employers of their username/password, explaining the services available to them as registrants, web site/service upgrades and disruptions, discounts/specials on our services, introducing new staff members who assist in providing such services to them, professional conferences, educational classes or seminars applicable to their career advancement.
Confidentiality / Security
Note: While Casino Careers, LLC makes every effort to keep your information and the website's infrastructure secure, please be advised that no data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Casino Careers, LLC will not be liable for any losses or damages incurred due to a security breach.
We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Privacy Support
If you have an inquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact:
Name/Designation:
Beth Deighan, President
Phone Number:
609-813-2333
URL:
www.casinocareers.com