http://www.foreignbankers.nl/privacy-policy
The FBAEmpowerment Partnership Leadership
Privacy Policy
As of 25 May 2018, each association must comply with the new privacy regulations, resulting from the European Unions' General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR; in The Netherlands: AVG). The Foreign Bankers' Association (FBA) has in place internal processes and procedures to ensure it complies with GDPR (AVG).
The Foreign Bankers' Association (FBA), Gustav Mahlerplein 29-35, 1082 MS Amsterdam, is responsible for the processing of personal data as shown in this privacy policy.
Contact Details:
Foreign Bankers' Association Symphony Building
Corporate Secretary: Ms Arlette Koedam Gustav Mahlerplein 29-35, 1082 MS Amsterdam
P.O. Box 7400, 1007 JK Amsterdam
The Netherlands
Personal Data that we process
The FBA processes your personal data by using our services and/or because you provide this information to us yourself.
Below you can find an overview of the personal data we process:
Name and surname
Address information
Phone number
Email Address
Other personal data that you actively provide for example by creating a profile on this website, in correspondence and by telephone
Special and/or sensitive personal data that we process
Our website and/or service does not intend to collect information about website visitors under 16 years of age unless they have permission from parents or guardians. However, we cannot verify that a visitor is over 16. We therefore recommend that parents be involved in the online activities of their children in order to prevent the collection of information about children without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal data about a minor without this permission, please contact us at: koedam@foreignbankers.nl. We will then remove this information.
For what purpose and based on what ground do we process personal data?
The FBA processes your personal data for the following purposes:
Sending our newsletter
To be able to call or email you if necessary to perform our services
Automated decision-making
The FBA does not take decisions on the basis of automated processing on matters that may have (significant) consequences for individuals. These are decisions taken by computer programmes or systems, without human intervention (e.g. an employee of the FBA).
For how long do we keep personal information?
The FBA will not keep your personal data any longer than is necessary to achieve the goals for which your data is collected.
Sharing of personal data with third parties
The FBA only provides personal data to third parties and only if this is necessary for the execution of our agreement with you or to comply with any legal obligation.
What is our cookie policy?
The FBA only uses technical, functional and analytical cookies that do not infringe your privacy. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer, tablet or smartphone on the first visit to this website. The cookies that we use are necessary for the technical operation of the website and your ease of use. They ensure that the website works properly and, for example, remembers your preferred settings. We can also optimize our website. You can opt out of cookies by setting your Internet browser to not store cookies. In addition, you can also delete any information previously saved through your browser’s settings.
View, modify or delete data
You have the right to view, correct or delete your personal data. In addition, you have the right to withdraw any consent to the data processing or to object to the processing of your personal data by the FBA and you have the right to transfer data. This means that you can submit a request to us to send the personal data that we have on you in a computer file to you or another organization you mentioned.
You may send a request for inspection, correction, deletion, data transfer of your personal data or request for withdrawal of your consent or objection to the processing of your personal data to: koedam@foreignbankers.nl.
To ensure that the request for inspection has been made by you, we ask you to send a copy of your identity document with the request. In this copy, make your passport photo, MRZ (machine readable zone, the strip with numbers at the bottom of the passport), passport number and Citizen Service Number (BSN) black. This is to protect your privacy. We respond as quickly as possible, but within four weeks, at your request.
The FBA also wishes to state that you have the possibility to file a complaint with the national supervisor, the Dutch Data Protection Authority (DPA, Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens) through the following link: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/nl/contact-met-de-autoriteit-persoonsgegevens/tip-ons.
How do we protect personal information?
The FBA takes the protection of your data seriously and takes appropriate measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorized access, unsolicited disclosure and unauthorized alteration. If you have the impression that your data is not properly protected or there are indications of misuse, please contact us at: koedam@foreignbankers.nl.