https://www.osmushkina.com/legal-area/
LEGAL AREA
General Terms of Use
The access to and use of this web site as well as the purchase of products on store.osmushkina.com are based on the assumption that these General Terms and Conditions of Use have been read, understood and accepted by you. This website is managed and maintained by SIA AOFH (“AOFH”), AOFH is an abbreviation from Anna Osmushkina Fashion House, with registered office in Valdemara street 20-3, LV – 1010 Riga, Latvia, business register number, tax code and VAT number 40003572575.
Request for further information can be made through our Customer Care using contact form. If you need any assistance, go to the Customer Care area, where you will find information on orders, shipping, refunds and returning products purchased on store.osmushkina.com, a registration form, tips and other general information on the services provided by store.osmushkina.com. Remember that you can always contact the AOFH by contact form.
For any other legal information, go to the sections: General Terms of Sale, Return Policy and Privacy Policy of store.osmushkina.com. The AOFH may amend or simply update all or part of these General Terms of Use. Any amendment or update of the General Terms of Use shall be posted for our users on the Home Page of store.osmushkina.com as soon as such amendments or updates have been made and shall be binding as soon as they are published on the web site in this section. Therefore, you should regularly access this section on the web site in order to check the publication of the most recent and updated General Terms of Use of store.osmushkina.com. If you do not agree to all or part of the store.osmushkina.com’s General Terms of Use, please do not use our web site.
The access to and use of store.osmushkina.com, including display of web pages, communication with AOFH, downloading product information and making purchases on the web site, are carried out by our users exclusively for personal purposes, which should in no way be connected to any trade, business or professional activity. Remember that you will be liable for your use of store.osmushkina.com and its contents. The AOFH shall not be considered liable for any use of the web site and its contents made by its users that is not compliant with the laws and regulations in force, without prejudice to AOFH’s liability for intentional torts and gross negligence.
In particular, you will be liable for communicating information or data which is not correct, false or concerning third parties (in the event such third parties have not given their consent) as well as for any improper use of such data or information.
1. Privacy Policy
We recommend that you read the Privacy Policy which also applies in the event that users access to store.osmushkina.com and use the relevant services without making purchases. The Privacy Policy will help you understand how and for what purposes store.osmushkina.com collects and uses your personal data.
2. Intellectual Property Rights
All content included on this site, such as works, images, pictures, dialogues, music, sounds, videos, documents, drawings, figures, logos, menus, web pages, graphics, colours, schemes, tools, fonts, designs, diagrams, layouts, methods, processes, functions and software (collectively, “Content”), is the property of SIA AOFH or AOFH and is protected by national and international copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, publish, distribute, display, modify, create derivative work from, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, the Content without the prior express written consent of SIA AOFH and AOFH as the case may be.
SIA AOFH and/or AOFH shall have the exclusive right to authorize or prohibit in their sole discretion any reproduction, publication, distribution, display, modification, creation of derivative work from, or exploitation in any way of, in whole or in part, the Content. SIA AOFH and/or AOFH shall have the right, at any time, to claim the authorship of any Content posted on this Site and to object to any use, distortion or other modification of such Content.
Any reproduction, publication, distribution, display, modification, creation of derivative work from, or exploitation in any way of, the Content expressly authorized in writing by SIA AOFH and AOFH shall be carried out by you for lawful purposes only and in compliance with all applicable laws.
3. Links to other web sites
store.osmushkina.com may contain links to other web sites which are in no way connected to store.osmushkina.com or the AOFH. The AOFH does not control or monitor such third party web sites or their contents. The AOFH shall not be held liable for the contents of such sites and/or for the rules adopted by them in respect of, but not limited to, your privacy and the processing of your personal data when you are visiting those web sites. Please, pay attention when you access these web sites through the links provided on store.osmushkina.com and carefully read their terms and conditions of use and their privacy policies. Our General Terms of Use and Privacy Policy do not apply to the web sites of third parties. store.osmushkina.com provides links to other web sites exclusively to help its users in searching and surfing the Internet and to allow links to web sites on the Internet. When the AOFH provides links to other web sites, the AOFH does not recommend that to its users access these web sites and it does not provide any guarantees to their web content or to services and products supplied and sold by these web sites to Internet users.
4. Links to store.osmushkina.com
Please, contact the AOFH through the wollowing contact form if you are interested in linking the Home page of store.osmushkina.com and other web pages which can be publicly accessible. You are requested to contact the AOFH for requesting our consent to linking store.osmushkina.com. The AOFH grants links to store.osmushkina.com free of charge and on a non-exclusive basis. The AOFH is entitled to object to certain links to its web site in the event that the applicant who intends to activate links to store.osmushkina.com has, in the past, adopted unfair commercial or business practices which are not generally adopted or accepted by the market operators, or has made unfair competition activities vis-à-vis the AOFH or the latter’s suppliers, or when the AOFH fears that such practices or such activities might be adopted by the applicant in the future. In any event, it is forbidden to post deep links (such as deep frames) to store.osmushkina.com or to use unauthorised meta-tags without the AOFH consent.
5. Disclaimers on content
The AOFH does not warrant that the contents of the web site are appropriate or lawful in other Countries outside Latvia. However, in the event that such contents are deemed to be unlawful or illegal in some of these Countries, please do not access this web site and, where you nonetheless choose to access it, we hereby inform you your use of the services provided by store.osmushkina.com shall be your exclusive and personal responsibility. The AOFH has also adopted measures to ensure that the content of store.osmushkina.com is accurate and does not contain any incorrect or out-of-date information. However, the AOFH cannot be held liable for the accuracy and completeness of the content, except for its liability for tort and gross negligence and as otherwise provided for by the law.
Moreover, the AOFH cannot guarantee that the web site will operate continuously, without any interruptions and errors due to the connection to the Internet. In the event of any problem in using our web site please contact our Customer Care by visting our Customer Care area or write using the following contact form. A AOFH representative will be at your disposal to assist and help you to restore your access to the web site, as far as possible. At the same time, please contact your Internet services AOFH or check that each device for Internet connection and access to web content is correctly activated, including your Internet browser. The dynamic nature of the Internet and web content may not allow store.osmushkina.com to operate without any suspensions, interruptions or discontinuity due to updating the web site. The AOFH has adopted adequate technical and organisational security measures to protect services on store.osmushkina.com, integrity of data and electronic communications in order to prevent unauthorised use of or access to data, as well as to prevent risks of dissemination, destruction and loss of data and confidential/non confidential information regarding users of store.osmushkina.com, and to avoid unauthorised or unlawful access to such data and information.
6. Our business policy
The AOFH has adopted a business policy; its mission consists of selling products through its services and its web site to “consumer” only. “Consumer” shall mean any natural person who is acting on store.osmushkina.com for purposes which are outside his or her trade, business or professional activity (if any). If you are not a consumer, please do not use our services for purchasing products on store.osmushkina.com. The AOFH shall be entitled to object to the processing of purchase orders from persons other than consumers and to any other purchase order which does not comply with the General Terms of Sale and these General Terms of Use.
7. Governing Law
These General Terms and Conditions of Use are governed by Latvian law.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks