http://www.lobue.com/lobue-privacy-policy
Real Experience. Real Results.
How can we help you?
Choose Service
Business Strategy
Organizational Design
Process Rationalization
Revenue Enhancement
Cost Optimization
Customer Experience Optimization (CxO)
Business Technology Rationalization
Operational Due Diligence
Business Turnaround
Choose Sector
Consumer Finance
Retail Banking
Wealth Management
BPO and Transaction Processing
Contact Center
Insurance
Investment Banking / Securities
Cards Processing
Commercial Banking
Manufacturing
Dental Service Organizations
Islamic Banking
Private Equity
Healthcare
About LoBue
Mission
Industry Focus
LoBue Leadership
History
LoBue Consultants
Our Clients
Our Global Reach
Success Stories
Services & Programs
Business Strategy
BSA / AML Compliance
Organizational Design
Process Rationalization
Revenue Optimization
Cost Optimization
Customer Experience Optimization (CxO)
Business Technology Rationalization
Operational Due Diligence
Business Turnaround
Success Stories
Sector Focus
Consumer Finance
Retail Banking
Corporate / Commercial Banking
Wealth Management
BPO and Transaction Processing
Contact Center
Insurance
Cards Processing
Investment Banking / Securities
Success Stories
Join LoBue
LoBue Privacy Policy
The LoBue Group (“LoBue” or “lobue.com” or “we” or “our”) is headquartered in Henderson, Nevada, and lobue.com, our Site, is hosted in the United States. The primary purpose of lobue.com is to provide a dynamic resource to help you and your business successfully evolve to meet the always-changing demands of your marketplace. We genuinely value your privacy, and believe that the more confident you are about your security while using our site, the more fully you will be able to take advantage of the information and services we present here. You are entitled to a clear and straightforward statement about the steps we take to protect your privacy, and this Privacy Policy is that statement. Please remain aware that your access to and use of the Site are also subject to certain terms and conditions. Please see our Terms of Use for more information about our on-line policies in general.
Transfer of information
We view privacy as your ability to control disclosure of your personally identifiable information while using our Site. The transfer of information from you to us occurs in two general ways: indirectly, meaning information that you do not visibly enter, and directly, meaning information you voluntarily submit.
An example of an indirect transfer is when your browser supplies us with your IP address and some very basic information about the type of computer you use. LoBue collects this data for the purpose of insuring that the technology our Site currently uses, and any new technology we consider including, is compatible with the largest percentage of our user population as possible.
We may use browser cookies on this Site to keep track of your visit to our Site. Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to lobue.com—for example, how you entered our Site, how you navigated through the Site, and what information was of interest to you. The cookies we use identify you merely as a number. Using cookies allows LoBue to provide a higher quality, more relevant user experience.
This Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the Site analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for website operators and providing other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies and how to disable cookies altogether. Please be advised that certain sections or functionalities of the Site may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies.
Direct transfer is information which you voluntarily submit to us. Throughout our Site, there are among other things, opportunities to register for events or conferences, order white papers, respond to employment opportunities or participate in online surveys. When such an opportunity is presented, we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it.
Will we share this information?
We will not sell, share, rent or otherwise make available any of your information to other parties. As a global company, data we collect may be shared and analyzed within our organization in an effort to provide more meaningful features and services. From time to time, this effort may involve advisors to our company who are specifically engaged to help us make lobue.com more valuable and effective. In these instances, data would be shared only in aggregate, no personally identifiable information would be included, and such advisors would be obligated to treat all data as confidential.
We may also disclose your personally identifiable information in the following circumstances: in the event that such disclosure is required by the laws, rules, or regulations of any nation, state, or other applicable jurisdiction; to third parties as appropriate for LoBue to make transmissions or deliveries to you; if, in connection with submitting the information, you explicitly consent to such disclosure; in response to inquiries by bona-fide rights owners in connection with allegations of infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights arising from information you have posted on the Site or otherwise provided to LoBue; and, in the event of a violation of the terms and conditions of use of this Site or a violation of any restrictions on use of materials provided in or through this Site, we may disclose personal user information to our affected business partners or legal authorities.
International transfer of information
Because LoBue is a global organization, information collected on this Site may be transferred from time to time among LoBue offices or personnel, as detailed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. This transfer may include offices located outside the European Economic Area, and the Site may be viewed and hosted anywhere in the world, including countries (such as the United States) that may not have laws regulating the use and transfer of personally identifiable data. By using the Site and submitting information on it, you voluntarily consent to such international transfer and hosting of such information.
What about sensitive personal data?
We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data through this Site. If we do seek to collect such data, we will ask you to consent to our proposed uses of the data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data incidentally. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you consent to our using the data subject to applicable law as described in this Privacy Statement. The references to "sensitive personal data" are to the various categories of personal data identified by European and other data privacy laws as requiring special treatment, including in some circumstances the need to obtain explicit consent. These categories comprise personal identity numbers, personal data about personality and private life, racial or ethnic origin, nationality, political opinions, membership of political parties or movements, religious, philosophical or other similar beliefs, membership of a trade union or profession or trade association, physical or mental health, genetic code, addictions, sexual life, property matters or criminal record (including information about suspected criminal activities).
How do we secure your information?
LoBue has in place technological and operational security processes designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized employees and contractors will have access to any data provided by you, and that access is limited by need. Furthermore, each employee or contractor having access to any personally identifiable information is obligated to maintain its confidentiality. Although we take steps that are generally accepted as industry standard to protect your personally identifiable information, LoBue cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will not obtain access to your personally identifiable information.
Protecting children’s online privacy
Our Site is not directed at children 13 years of age or younger. LoBue, therefore, will not intentionally collect or maintain information about any user under the age of 13.
Links to third-party sites
We may provide links to third-party websites as a service to our users. In addition, some of the content appearing to be on this Site may be supplied by third parties. Please be aware that we cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of such third-party websites, which may differ from those of this Site. We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies on these websites before providing any information to them.
Change and/or delete Information
You are entitled to know whether we hold information about you and, if we do, to have access to that information and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate. You can do this by sending us an e-mail .
Consent and Changes to Privacy Policy
By using the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the Site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 17, 2015.
Executive Thought & News
Aug 30, 2018
Unemployment is Down
The Good and The Bad
Read more >
Feb 09, 2017
Insight or Oversight?
Wells Fargo using Insight to Improve...
Read more >
Sep 14, 2016
Check your calendar, it’s budget planning season.
Already!
Read more >
OUR GLOBAL REACH
Learn more here >
ALUMNI
CONTACT US
PRESS ROOM
PRIVACY
TERMS OF USE
COPYRIGHT © 2020
LOBUE