http://www.piand.com/privacy.aspx
Home
About Us
Staff
Board
PIA ND Hall of Fame
Membership
Membership Application
Membership Benefits
Agent Websites
Testimonials
E&O
Education
CE Classes
Pre-License
South Dakota Webinars
North Dakota Webinars
Online Training
Advocacy
ND Insurance Department
PIA National Political Action Committee
Contact Congress
PIA Local Political Action Committee
Resources
ND Insurance Laws
Driving Records
Government Links
Related Organization Links
Insurance Business Links
Other States
PIA National
Glossary
Contact Us
Login
PIA of North Dakota is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the PIA of North Dakota site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the PIA of North Dakota site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
PIA of North Dakota collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. PIA of North Dakota also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by PIA of North Dakota. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by PIA of North Dakota for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the PIA of North Dakota site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through PIA of North Dakota public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: PIA of North Dakota
does not read any of your private online communications.
PIA of North Dakota encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from PIA of North Dakota so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. PIA of North Dakota is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the PIA of North Dakota
and PIA of North Dakota family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
PIA of North Dakota collects and uses your personal information to operate the PIA of North Dakota
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. PIA of North Dakota also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from PIA of North Dakota and its affiliates. PIA of North Dakota may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
PIA of North Dakota does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
PIA of North Dakota may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, PIA of North Dakota
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to PIA of North Dakota, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
PIA of North Dakota does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
PIA of North Dakota keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
PIA of North Dakota, in order to determine what PIA of North Dakota services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within PIA of North Dakota to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
PIA of North Dakota Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on PIA of North Dakota or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of PIA of North Dakota; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of PIA of North Dakota, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The PIA of North Dakota Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize PIA of North Dakota pages, or
register with PIA of North Dakota site or services, a cookie helps PIA of North Dakota
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same PIA of North Dakota Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the PIA of North Dakota
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the PIA of North Dakota services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
PIA of North Dakota secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. PIA of North Dakota secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
PIA of North Dakota will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. PIA of North Dakota encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how PIA of North Dakota is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
PIA of North Dakota welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that PIA of North Dakota has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact PIA of North Dakota at ld@expertapproach.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
akcaabat escort
bartin escort
burdur escort
bursa escort
erzincan escort
gaziantep escort
istanbul escort
kayseri escort
kecioren escort
kusadasi escort