https://www.sensientinkjet.com/privacy-policy/
Find your ink
Markets
Apparel and Textiles
Food
Packaging
Interiors and Textiles
Pharmaceuticals
Signage
Industrial
Inks
Water-based sublimation inks
ElvaJet® Opal SB
ElvaJet® Opal SC
ElvaJet® Coral
ElvaJet® Swift
ElvaJet® SR
Water-based reactive dye
Xennia® Amethyst
Water-based acid dye inks
Xennia® Agate
All InksExplore our digital ink portfolio to discover our industry-leading digital printing solutions
Water-based pigmented
Xennia® Emerald
SensiJet® SX
UV curable inks
SensiJet® Garnet
SensiJet® Pyrite
Edible Inks
SensiJet® FSE
Specialty ink solutions
Sustainability
About Us
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Rights
Sensient Technologies Corporation and Affiliates privacy policy.
Your privacy is important to us, and we are providing this Privacy Policy to explain our policies regarding personal information that may be provided by visitors to our website. The “Personal Information” in this policy refers to information or a combination of information that you provide to us through the use of www.sensientinkjet.com or other websites of Sensient Technologies Corporation and its affiliates (“Sensient”) that can be used to uniquely identify you.
This Privacy Policy meets the requirements of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), applicable national, state and local laws regarding Personal Information, and all other requirements to which Sensient is subject.
The effective date of this Privacy Policy is May 25, 2018. Sensient reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Notice of changes to this Privacy Policy will be communicated and material changes will be conspicuously posted on this website and will be effective immediately upon posting. By accessing this website after changes are posted, you are agreeing to all changes.
Collection and Use of Information
Sensient may collect information, as long as we comply with applicable laws. This includes both information that you share with us, as well as other information collected, for example through Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, web beacons, and the use of “cookies,” which may be placed on your computer when you access the website. (See the “Non-Personal Information” Section below). In addition, Sensient may use and share aggregated information that does not uniquely identify you when it enables Sensient to improve and enrich our services and website content.
Sensient may collect Personal Information about you (for example, requesting a combination of your name, telephone number, e-mail address, mailing address, or related information) in order to provide you with services, to communicate with you, to send you samples, information and materials, and for other business purposes to which you consent. Sensient will not sell any Personal Information about you to anyone, and will not transfer any Personal Information outside of other Sensient companies.
Non-Personal Information
Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider or your company. Sensient may record the referring page that linked you to the Sensient website (e.g., another website or a search engine), the pages you visit on this website, the website you visit after this website, the ads you see or click on, other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using, any search terms you have entered on this website or a referral website, and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. Sensient may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, gather broad demographic and geographic information, and administer our website. Sensient may also link this information with your Personal Information when Sensient feels that it is necessary to enforce compliance with its rules and policies, terms of service, or to protect its website, customers or others.
Web beacons (sometimes called pixel tags or GIF’s) are Internet tools, such as transparent images on a website or in e-mails that we may send you that help us to determine, for instance, whether a page has been viewed or an e-mail opened. For example, when you ask us to send you information on a sample, promotion or newsletter, we may use web beacons to determine how many of the e-mails we sent were actually opened. In general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including a banner ad, can contain a web beacon. Web beacons are not stored on your computer.
Sensient may use cookies to track the use of our website and to facilitate and enhance your experience on our website. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies do not capture your email address, transmit viruses or retrieve any other data from your hard drive. Our cookies enable us to facilitate access to different aspects of our website. For example, by showing when and how you and others visit our website, cookies help us to see which pages of the website are popular and which are not. Cookies can also help us to improve your enjoyment of the website, for example, by remembering your address or other personal information when you request information or services on the website. By accessing or using this website, you specifically agree to Sensient placing cookies on your computer’s hard drive. Note that most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable this function so that your browser will not accept cookies. Please be aware that disabling this function may impact your use and enjoyment of our website.
Your Rights to Your Information
Persons subject to the GDPR have certain rights, including rights to data portability, rights to deletion of Personal Information, rights to restrict processing, rights to object to processing, and rights to lodge complaints, each of which may apply. If you wish to assert any of these rights, please contact us.
Whether subject to GDPR or not, if you wish to access Personal Information about you in our records, please contact us. You may also request that we update Personal Information about you, or request corrections of any factual errors that you believe may exist regarding this information. California residents may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to contact us.
Security
To prevent unauthorized access, we have put in place procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur, we try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. In the event that a breach of our security systems occurs, and your Personal Information is either obtained by an unauthorized third party or there is a possibility that this may have happened, Sensient will notify you of our security system breach if required by law.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you have requested samples or other information from us on the website, and you provided consent, you may also receive commercial email regarding upcoming Sensient promotions and events. If you receive Sensient’s commercial email and would like to avoid receiving such email in the future, you may revoke that consent and opt-out of receiving it by clicking on the opt-out area within that email or by clicking here: contact us. Sensient will only communicate with you according to your instructions.
Privacy Practices of Third Party Websites
This website may contain links to other websites. Sensient is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any other websites, including websites of any sponsors or linked websites, or for the privacy policies or practices of any other third parties. To the extent that you disclose Personal Information to any sponsors’ websites, linked websites or other third parties, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of any Personal Information you disclose to them, and we encourage you to review their privacy policies before disclosing Personal Information to them.
Agreement to Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of information discussed in this Privacy Policy. Sensient reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.
By accessing this website, you are also agreeing to this website’s Terms of Use, which are incorporated into this Privacy Policy by reference. Please carefully review the Terms of Use at the following link. Terms of Use.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or any requests for access to or changes to information about you, please contact us.
Discover innovative digital inkjet solutions for your business
Contact us