http://www.maxim-pr.co.uk/privacy-policy
back to top
home
services
about
clients
portfolio
news
testimonials
maxim+
contact
Menu
+44 (0) 1892 513033
home
services
about
clients
portfolio
news
testimonials
maxim+
contact
Privacy PolicyOverview
We are firmly committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.  We will only hold, process and transfer the data that we collect about you and which personally identifies you (“Personal Data”) in accordance with applicable laws, this privacy policy and any terms set out at the point(s) at which Personal Data is collected (“Collection Terms”).  If there is any inconsistency between the Collection Terms and this privacy policy, the Collection Terms will prevail.
Except where stated or the context requires otherwise, references in this privacy policy to "you", "your" or "yours" are to be taken as references to the website user and, where applicable, the user’s company, and references to “us” or “we” are to be taken as references to Maxim PR & Marketing.
Please note that this privacy policy applies to the Personal Data submitted through this website (www.maxim-pr.co.uk) only.
By providing us with Personal Data through the website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy and consent to us collecting, using, disclosing and holding the Personal Data in accordance with this privacy policy.  If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not proceed to use or access the website further.
What Personal Data Do We Collect Or Receive?
We may collect or receive certain Personal Data about you, including:
Information you provide when you use the "Contact" facility or fill in any enquiry or other forms on the website (for example, your name, email address and telephone number);
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence; and
Information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type through our use of cookies (please see the section headed "Cookies" below for further details).
Your provision of Personal Data is voluntary.  However, if you elect not to provide certain Personal Data, you may be unable to use the website and we may be unable to provide the information or services that you have requested.
You must always provide accurate Personal Data and you agree to update it as necessary in the manner specified below. You also agree that, in the absence of any update, we can assume that the Personal Data you have provided is correct.
How We Use Personal Data
You hereby explicitly consent to your Personal Data being collected/received by us and processed by us as required in order to:
contact you and provide you with information or services that you have requested and deal with any matters arising as a result of that contact; and/or
enable a member of Maxim PR & Marketing to contact you and provide you with information or services that you have requested and deal with any matters arising as a result of that contact;
display content specific advertisements to you when you go to certain other websites (please see the section headed "Cookies" below for further details);
monitor your activity on the website and, in some instances, contact you about products and/or services we believe may be of interest to you;
create a profile about you to which we may add information collected about you through our use of cookies (please see the section headed "Cookies" below for further details); and
allow you to participate in interactive features of our website or services, when you choose to do so
Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
You hereby explicitly consent to your Personal Data being transferred and/or disclosed (whether inside or outside the European Economic Area) to and/or processed by:
members of Maxim PR & Marketing for the purposes set out in the section above headed ‘How We Use Personal Data’;
data storage providers used in the operation of the website and/or the provision of any of the services provided through it (these providers do not have direct access to the Personal Data unless specified otherwise on the website);
in the unlikely event that we believe in good faith that we are required to do so: (a) by court order or other legal/regulatory requirement; or (b) in order to protect our rights/property or those of our clients and/or their employees.
General
Cookies
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. We do this by setting our own cookies ('first-party cookies') but also through certain third party products we may use including Google Analytics™, Google Adwords™ and Google DoubleClick™.
These third party cookies allow us to show you tailored ads for our services when you browse on certain other sites that have the Google Display Network implemented.  When showing you tailored ads through our use of these, we will not associate a cookie or anonymous identifier with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.  We may however combine the information gathered by these cookies with other personally identifiable information on our own database or from another Google service. For more information on Google Analytics™, Google Adword™ and Google DoubleClick™, including how to manage the Google ads that you see, please see the Google Privacy Policy here.
Further Information about the use of cookies on this website is set out here.
Right of Access, Deleting, Deactivating and Amending Your Personal Data
Subject to the provisions of applicable law and for a small fee (where permitted by law) you may obtain copies of the Personal Data (if any) we hold about you by contacting us via the website’s "Get in touch" facility. Additionally, if you wish to delete, deactivate or amend the Personal Data, or find out what Personal Data (if any) we are holding about you, please contact us via the website’s “Contact” facility.
Retention of Personal Data
We are only allowed to retain your Personal Data for so long as is necessary having regard to the purpose of the processing. We may therefore delete your Personal Data after an appropriate period of time.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time without prior notice and will post the updated privacy policy on the website so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Please ensure that you read this privacy policy regularly. Your continued use of the website and/or your subsequent or further provision of Personal Data to us following any changes will constitute acceptance of and consent to the revised terms of the privacy policy.
Dispute Resolution
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or wish to file a complaint regarding this privacy policy, you can contact us by writing to the address detailed under the "Contact" heading below.
We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Data by referencing the privacy principles stated in this privacy policy.
Contact
Questions and comments regarding this privacy policy should be submitted to us using the website’s “Contact” facility.
You can contact us by writing to us at:
Maxim
Grosvenor Lodge
72 Grosvenor Rd
Tunbridge Wells
Kent
TN1 2AS
we'd love to work with you
get in touch
about us
Formed in 1995, Maxim is one of the South East’s leading PR and marketing agencies, bringing
together former journalists and highly experienced communications experts.
learn more
our services
We offer media relations, public affairs, community relations, corporate communications,
reputation management, event management, public relations, stakeholder management, marketing
and more.
learn more
connect with us
One of the best ways to get to know Maxim and the work we do is to connect with us on your
preferred social media platform. Got a question? Ask away.
©
2020 Maxim PR & Marketing Ltd. Maxim PR & Marketing Ltd is registered in England at 6 Kings Row, Armstrong Road, Maidstone, Kent, ME15 6AQ. Company Reg No: 3862042
Maxim, Grosvenor Lodge, 72 Grosvenor Rd, Tunbridge Wells, Kent TN1 2AS. tel: 01892 513 033 email: hello@maxim-pr.co.ukwebsite design and hosting by ifour
Privacy policy | Cookie policy
tendentious-parliamentary