http://www.nylonalloys.co.uk/en/page/privacy-policy
Teknipart Ltd
0333 207 9969
Jump past the navigation
| Register
| Login
|
Basket (-)
Knowledge Base
| Home
| Contact
Contact Us
About Us
| Request Samples
| FAQ's
Select from our range
All Products
Nylon & Plastics
Alloys
Other
Search
Teknipart Ltd
Quick Stock/Price Check
Quick Order
Add to Basket
Request Samples
Are you looking for samples for your project? We have thousands of Nylon, Aluminium, Titanium & Brass Products In Stock.
Request Your Free Samples
This site works better with javascript enabled.
Privacy Policy for Teknipart
At Teknipart we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us. This Privacy Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you when you are on this site.
We do update this Policy from time to time so please do return and review this Policy regularly.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 you can contact our data controller at any time, please call our sales office.
Information We Collect
In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
i. Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
ii. Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or make a purchase.
iii. Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Cookies
We may on occasion gather information regarding your computer whilst you are on our website. This enables us to improve our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers where appropriate.
Such information will not identify you personally it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
i. To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
ii. To meet our contractual commitments to you.
iii. To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
Further, we may use your data, or permit related group companies, to use your data, so that you can be provided with information about unrelated goods and services which we consider may be of interest to you. We do not share, or allow to be shared any of your details, by any third parties unrelated to Teknipart.
Storing Your Personal Data
We may transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing and storing. Also, it may be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area who work for us or for one of our suppliers. For example, such staff maybe engaged in the processing and concluding of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Disclosing Your Information
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group. This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, our holding company and its other subsidiaries (if any).
We do not disclose your personal information to non-related third parties, unless:
i. Where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party.
ii. Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
iii. To assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.
Third Party Links
You mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Access To Information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Please note that any demand for access may be subject to payment of a fee of £10 which covers our costs in providing you with the information requested. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us.
Home
| Aluminium Nuts
| Aluminium Screws
| Aluminium Washers
| Brass Machine Screws
| Brass Nuts
| Brass Screws
| Brass Spacers
| Brass Thumb Screws
| Brass Washers
| Nylon Nuts
| Nylon Screws
| Nylon Washers
| Polypropylene Nuts
| Polypropylene Screws
| Polypropylene Washers
| Titanium Nuts
| Titanium Screws
| Titanium Washers
Company No. 00861056, registered in England
| Copyright
| Terms
| Privacy policy
| Cookie policy
| Tel 0333 207 9969
Teknipart Ltd
Experts in Nylon, Aluminium, Titanium & Brass
Website development by Guidance, Database Publishing Specialist.
© 2018 Teknipart Ltd. All rights reserved.
This is the print preview of the page.
Send this page to the printer
Cancel and return to the page