http://www.trophyoutlet.com/trophy-outlet-privacy-policy/
Home
Trophy Outlet | Privacy Policy
Trophy Outlet | Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENT
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you contact us, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address, and email address.
When you browse our site, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at sales@trophyoutlet.com.
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - BigCommerce
Our store is hosted on BigCommerce. They provide us with the online platform that allows us to communicate our services to you.
Your data is stored through BigCommerce’s data storage, databases and the general BigCommerce application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
For more insight, you may also want to read BigCommerce’s Terms of Service or Privacy Statement.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
SECTION 7 - COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
_session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows BigCommerce to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).
_secure_session_id, unique token, sessional
Google Analytics: This cookie allows us to see information on user website activities including, but not limited to page views, source and time spent on website. The information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked back to individuals. This will help to protect your privacy. Using Google Analytics we can see what content is popular on our website, and strive to give you more of the things you enjoy reading and watching.
Google AdWords: Using Google AdWords code we are able to see which pages helped lead to sale. This allows us to make better use of our paid search budget.
DoubleClick: We use remarketing codes to log when users view specific pages, allowing us to provide targeted advertising in the future.
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at sales@trophyoutlet.com.
[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]
[Trophy Outlet]
×
OK