http://www.leafguard.com/leafguard-privacy
LeafGuard® Privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Englert LeafGuard recognizes the importance our customers place on privacy and the security of their personal information. Our goal is to protect your personal information in every way that we interact with you, whether it is on the telephone, in person, on the Internet, by e-mail, by mail, or by any other means of communication.
We think it is important for you to be informed of the policies, procedures, and security measures we have in place to safeguard your personal and confidential information. We have developed this policy to help you to understand the steps we take to protect your personal information.
How We Collect Information
As part of providing services, we may obtain information about customers from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications, e-mails, or other forms
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, and others'
Information we receive from a consumer-reporting agency
Information that is generated electronically when you visit our website
Accuracy
Englert LeafGuard® strives to keep customer information as accurate and current as possible. If you find or believe that any information in the possession of Englert LeafGuard® is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated, please notify the Company by e-mail or in writing. Please include your name and address as it appears on your account statement, specify the information that you believe to be inaccurate and include accurate information. Englert LeafGuard® will correct any erroneous information in a timely manner.
Security
This Company has developed strict policies and procedures to safeguard personal information. We restrict employee access to your sensitive personal information to a "need to know" basis. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic information. We educate our employees about the importance of confidentiality and customer privacy. We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce employee privacy responsibilities and offer secure e-mail. You should use the secure e-mail anytime you send Englert LeafGuard® sensitive personal information.
Privacy for Internet Users
Our commitment to safeguard your privacy also extends to the Internet. If you are just browsing through our website, we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us that information, such as when you send us an e-mail or fill out a request for information form. If you provide us this information, it is only used internally and in furtherance of the purpose for which it was provided.
Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer while on the Internet. Web servers, the computers that "serve up" web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When collecting information, Englert LeafGuard® does not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user's session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous. Englert LeafGuard® may use IP addresses to audit the use of our site. They can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when necessary for security purposes.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a very small text file sent by a web server and stored on your hard drive, your computer's memory, or in your browser so that it can be read back later. Cookies cannot "read" information about you from your computer or be used to "steal" information; and cookies do not carry viruses. Cookies are a basic way for a server to identify you (most cookies actually identify the computer you happen to be using at the time, not you personally). Cookies are used for many things from personalizing start up pages to facilitating online purchases. Englert LeafGuard® uses cookies to provide features within the portal. They send a "Web Trends" cookie to all Portal visitors in order to help us collect general information on all portal visitors. This cookie is sent to your computer hard drive and provides us information such as when you accessed our site, which pages you accessed in the portal, and what Internet provider you used when you accessed our site. The information collected through this cookie is not personally identifiable and is only used for statistical purposes to assist in our planning process and our marketing program.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our customers, former customers, web site visitors or portal visitors to anyone, except as permitted by law.
In the future, we may disclose a portion of the aggregate customer information we collect on the portal to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf.
We will provide you an opt-in or opt-out notice if required by law.
E-Mail Policies
In the future we may send you e-mail notices for certain disclosures if you choose to accept electronic disclosures or statements. We may also send you e-mails to market our products and services that may be of interest to you. We will always provide you an opportunity to opt-out of these advertising promotions if required by law.
2020 LeafGuard
© All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Accessibility
Limited time offer
75% Off
gutterinstallation
For more information click here
Limited time offer
75% Off
gutter installation
For more information
click here
Get Free Estimate
Name
Email
Phone
Zip
I understand that LeafGuard may use an autodial phone system, text
or email messaging to communicate with me about a free estimate and new products or services I may be interested in. I can be reached at any of the telephone numbers or emails I have provided above. I understand I do not need to sign this approval in order for me to obtain a free estimate from LeafGuard, I can always call 1.888.369.2470
Product
How it works
Compare Gutters
Good Housekeeping
Offers
Company
Our Story
Locations
Careers
Contact Us
Process
Installation
Financing
Warranty
Resources
Resource Center
Photo Gallery
FAQ
Reviews
Blog