https://www.videoarts.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
website
Privacy Policy
E-mails and telephone calls to and from the Video Arts Group may be recorded for training and quality purposes.
ABOUT US
Video Arts offers quality, entertaining and educational training videos and e-learning content for clients including large businesses, charities and public bodies.
Video Arts is part of the Tinopolis Group, an international media producer and distributor with a significant presence in the global media marketplace as further described at www.tinopolis.com. It is one of the largest independent television suppliers in the UK and a producer of programmes for many of the top networks in the USA.
Although Video Arts primarily works with businesses, we do need to collect and use personal information about individuals.  This privacy notice sets out how Video Arts (we or us) collects and uses information about individuals, including those who participate in or are otherwise involved in producing our content, who sign up to our service or contact us, or who visit our website (you).
Please read this privacy notice carefully to understand how we will use your personal information.
If you have any questions or queries in relation to this privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Manager via email at dataprotection.enquiries@tinopolis.tv or via post to The Data Protection Manager, Tinopolis Group, No 1 Smith’s Square, 77-85 Fulham Palace Road, London W6 8JA.
PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect the following information about you:
Information you give to us. You may give us information about you if you sign up for a free trial, contact us via our website, phone or e-mail, or apply to work with us.
More information about contacting us >>
If you contact us, sign up for a free trial or to receive our newsletter, we will need to collect some personal information about you.  This may include your name, your job title, the name of your organisation and your email and phone number. If you contact us by telephone, we may record your calls for training and quality purposes.
Please note that sometimes we may need to collect additional personal information. When we do this we will tell you why we are collecting your information and how we will use it.
More information about contacting us >>
We will collect personal information about anyone who applies for or who works with us.  We will tell you what personal information we need at the time.  You do not need to provide this information to us, but if you do not do so, we may be unable to take forward your application.
We may also ask you to provide information about yourself for equality monitoring purposes.  You do not need to provide this information if you do not want to.
Information we receive from others. We work closely with other organisations and we may receive information about you from them.
More information about information we receive from others >>
We occasionally obtain information from third party companies who license marketing lists to allow us to send marketing communications to individuals.  We will only do so where we are satisfied that the information has been obtained fairly and lawfully, and we will always give you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such marketing communications (see section 4, below).
Information we automatically collect about you. Our website (videoarts.com) uses cookies which automatically collect certain information about you when you visit our website.
More information about our use of cookies >>
Please see our cookie policy at https://www.videoarts.com/cookie-policy.
How we use your personal information
We collect, store and use information about you so that you can enjoy and benefit from our services.  How we use your information depends on the reasons why we have collected it.
We may use information we hold about you in the following ways:
to enable you to log in to our ON>DEMAND service
to provide you with information about our services and deal with your requests and enquiries
to let you know about other relevant services, both ours and those of other parties whose products and services we have agreed should be made available to you (see section 4, below)
to update and correct our customer records
to produce our video and e-learning content
to carry out statistical and market analyses, including benchmarking exercises, to enable us to understand you better and improve our services
to develop, test and improve our systems
to ensure that the content of our websites are presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer
to administer our website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes
to consider any applications made to work with us
More information about how your information may be used for recruitment >>>
If you apply to work with us, we will use your personal information to:
assess your suitability for the position
undertake reasonable background checks, which may include sharing your data with others
CONTACTING YOU
We may use your contact information to send you important information via letters, emails, text messages, or telephone.
We may also use the information we hold about you in order to provide you with information about goods or services we feel may interest you.  This is known as ‘direct marketing’.  You have a right to opt-out of receiving direct marketing communications from us.
If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your information, click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any marketing email from us or contact us to update your preferences (see section 10 for details of how to do this).
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information with other companies that are part of the Tinopolis Group (further details of which can be found in section 1 of this privacy notice).
Sometimes we use third parties to process your information on our behalf, for example to provide us with services.  We will only do so where we have appropriate contracts in place to ensure that you information remains secure.
We may also share your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances:
If we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety of our customers, or others.
OUR LEGAL BASIS FOR COLLECTING, HOLDING AND USING YOUR INFORMATION
Data protection law requires us to tell you the reason for collecting, holding and using your information.  There are various lawful bases (or ‘conditions’) which allow us to collect, hold and use your personal information:
Where we have entered into a contract with you or your organisation, we may need to use your information to fulfil the contract. An example of this is where you have signed up to receive our ON>DEMAND service, we will use your personal information to ensure that you can log into our service.
Where we are under a legal obligation which requires us to process your personal information. For example, we are required by law to collect and to retain certain information about individuals as part of any recruitment exercise.
Finally, sometimes it is necessary to process your personal information for the purposes of our own legitimate interests. We will only do so where these interests are not overridden by your own interests and fundamental rights or the freedoms. For example, we believe it is in our legitimate interests and the interests of recipients for us to send marketing communications to our business contacts, unless they opt-out of receiving such communications.
Data protection law recognises certain “special categories” of personal information, which is information revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for uniquely identifying a person, information concerning health, and information concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation.  Information relating to criminal offences and convictions is treated in a similar way.
We will only collect and use special categories information where you have given us your explicit consent or where we have a legal obligation to do so.  For instance, we have certain legal obligations which require us to record information about our employees and contributors for equality monitoring purposes.
SECURITY AND STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will take steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Although we are based in the UK, the nature of our work means that we sometimes need to transfer information, including personal information, to other organisations based outside the European Economic Area (EEA).  We may also need to transfer information to our staff, or those of our suppliers, operating outside the EEA.
We will only keep your personal information for as long as we continue to need it.  This includes:
Business clients / users: For the duration of the contract between us.
Potential business clients / users: Until such time as you opt out of receiving marketing materials from us.
In relation to our productions: Where you are a contributor on one of our productions, we will retain your name, contact details and contract for as long as we are exploiting the production in accordance with our legitimate interests and, where applicable, our legal obligations. All other personal information will usually be retained until completion of the production plus a further twelve months and will then be destroyed, unless it is necessary for us to retain it for a longer period of time in accordance with our legitimate interests and, where applicable, our legal obligations. Further details will be provided to you as part of the production-specific data protection statement that will be provided to you
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to request from us access to your own personal information that we hold.  This is sometimes known as a ‘subject access request’.
You also have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for direct marketing purposes.  We will tell you if we intend to use your data for this purpose or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for this purpose.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data or by contacting us (see section 10, below).
From 25 May 2018, you will have additional rights to request from us:
That any inaccurate information we hold about you is corrected
That your information is deleted
That we stop using your personal information for certain purposes
That your information is provided to you in a portable format
That decisions about you are not made by wholly automated means
Many of the rights listed above are limited to certain defined circumstances and we may not be able to comply with your request.  We will tell you if this is the case.
If you choose to make a request to us, we will aim to respond to you within one month.  We will not charge a fee for dealing with your request.
If you are dissatisfied with how we are using your personal information or if you wish to complain about how we have handled a request, then please contact our corporate Data Protection Manager and we will try to resolve any issues you may have.
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office, which is the statutory regulator for data protection law.  Details of how to complain to the ICO can be found at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice may be updated from time to time.  The latest version will appear here on this page.  We will notify you if we make any significant changes to this privacy notice or to the way will collect, hold and use your personal information.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions or queries in relation to this privacy notice, you can contact our corporate Data Protection Manager via email at dataprotection.enquiries@tinopolis.tv or via post to The Data Protection Manager, Tinopolis Group, No 1 Smith’s Square, 77-85 Fulham Palace Road, London W6 8JA.
Copying and lending is illegal!
Please remember that you cannot copy any Video Arts programmes for any reason, including transferring existing video products to DVD or to computer systems. You cannot transmit the programmes over open or closed circuit television, computer networks, cable or satellite systems without our permission. You must not charge an admission fee to view the programmes or advertise their display outside your organisation. Nor can you lend, rent, sell or give the programmes to anyone outside your organisation without the permission of the copyright holder. Please contact us to discuss special licensing options and trade-in of old formats.
Menu