http://www.primerica.com/public/privacy/privacy_notices.html
Opens in a new window
Opens an external site
Opens an external site in a new window
Toggle Menu
Company
Our Story
Our Impact
Our Focus
Our People
Our Home
About Us
Opportunity
Community
Partners and Affiliations
Investor Relations
Concepts
High Cost of Waiting
Pay Yourself First
Theory of Decreasing Responsibility
Rule of 72
Power of Compound Interest
Debt Stacking
Solutions
Financial Needs Analysis
Term Life
Investments
Auto & Home
Pre-Paid Legal
Identity Theft
Locations
Mutual Fund Account
MyPrimerica Login
BrokerCheck
Privacy
Our goal is to maintain your trust and confidence in how we handle information about you. We value your business.
Online Privacy Policy
Our Online Privacy Policy (English | Español) explains what information we may collect on this website and describes others with whom this information may be shared.
U.S. GLBA Privacy Notices
Below are the U.S. privacy notices of the Primerica Companies and our independent Representatives with respect to our customer's nonpublic personal, financial and health information in compliance with the Gramm Leach Bliley Act (GLBA) and state privacy laws. Your state of residence determines which notice is applicable to you.
MN, MT, ND, NM and VT Residents
English
Spanish (Español)
California Residents
English
Spanish (Español)
Residents of All Other U.S. States
English
Spanish (Español)
To Opt Out
- To limit use and disclosure of personal information as described in this notice, visit this webpage
or call us at this toll-free phone number: 1-800-770-0673 (U.S.).
Additional state-specific information about our insurance information practices is available for residents of Arizona, California, Connecticut, Georgia, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Montana, Nevada, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, and Virginia.
California Consumers Privacy Act (CCPA) Notice
Our CCPA Notice (English | Español) describes the rights available to California residents under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA). If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please complete our online request form
or call us at this toll-free phone number: 1-800-770-0673 (U.S.).
Canada Privacy Notice
Our Canada Privacy Notice
is available for our customers in Canada.
Primerica Responsible Disclosure Practice
Our Primerica Responsible Disclosure Practice helps us ensure the security and privacy of our customers and data.