https://www.anchorsupplies.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Anchor Supplies
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Home
About Us
Customer Service
Overseas Ordering
Delivery
T&Cs
Shows
Customer Feedback
Virtual Tour
Privacy Policy
Search
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & Cookies
Privacy
Our policy applies to you if you request information or order products from us online, by phone, in writing or face to face in our retail outlets. When you shop with us, you trust us with your data. We are committed to maintaining your trust and confidence.
When we mention we", "us" or "our" in this notice, we are referring to the company Anchor Supplies Limited.
The types of personal information we may collect
Your name, business name, address, email address, phone number, transaction information, such as the product you purchased, its price, your payment method, payment card details.
Your IP address, cookie data, web browser type & version, operating system.
Your image may be recorded on CCTV when you visit our premises.
How we use your personal information
We use your personal information to process your orders and payments or to give you a refund.
To provide customer support and to respond to, and communicate with you about your requests.
To contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information.
To assist HMRC and/or the Police and/or other regulatory bodies in relation to an investigation by a public authority.
Who we share your personal information with
Our payment method providers.
If you order a product from us we share your name, address, email address and phone number with our delivery partners.
Our IT provider for the purpose of system administration.
We do not share or sell your information to any marketing or advertising agencies.
Security
Your security is very important to us. All payments processed on the site are via an approved and secure payment gateway. We do not store your credit card information anywhere on this website.
In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the personal information we collect.
How long we keep your personal information
We may keep your data for up to 6 years after the last time you interacted with us. This could include one of the ways specified in 'How we use your personal information' and for one of these reasons:
To respond to any questions or complaints
To show that we treated you fairly
To maintain records according to rules that applies to us
To establish, bring or defend legal claims.
Right to access
You have the right to request what personal information we hold about you. This is called a 'Data Subject Access Request'. If we agree that we are obliged to provide personal information to you we'll provide it to you free of charge. Before providing personal information to you, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information. We’ll usually respond to you within 30 days after we've received this information.
If any of the personal information we hold about you is inaccurate or out of date, you may ask us to correct it.
To make a Subject Access Request, please write to us at:
Anchor Supplies Limited
The Army Surplus Depot
Peasehill Road
Ripley
Derbyshire
DE5 3JG
Complaining to the Data Protection Regulator
You have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) if you are concerned about the way we have processed your personal information. Please visit the ICO's website for further details at: https://ico.org.uk
Cookies
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
This version was last updated on 24th May 2018.
About Us
Customer Service
| Find us on Google+
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us