https://www.lg.com/us/support/help-library/lg-bridge-download-how-to-use-CT10000026-1438110404543
To properly experience our LG.com website, you will need to use an alternate browser or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
LG.com utilizes responsive design to provide a convenient experience that conforms to your devices screen size. In order to get the best possible experience from our website, please follow below instructions.If you're using Internet Explorer 9 or earlier, you will need to use an alternate browser such as Firefox or Chrome or upgrade to a newer version of internet Explorer (IE10 or greater).
Skip to Contents
Skip to Accessibility Help
HOME
SUPPORT
Help Library
Help library
Find helpful information about your LG product
LG BRIDGE - Download & How to Use
Operation
Cell Phones, Mobile Accessories, Smart Watches, Tablets
04/27/2020
Print
Email
Copy Link
Share
LG BRIDGE - COPY FILES, AND BACKUP YOUR DEVICE
LG Bridge brings all your LG devices (phones and tablets) together. You can manage, update, and back up your devices all in one place. Use LG Bridge to:
LG Backup - Back up or restore content on your mobile device via USB
Software update - update your mobile devices software via USB
If you have an older device you may need to use PC Suite click here for more information.
Note: Features may differ depending on connected mobile device.
Install
Change Language
Backup
Restore
Software Update
To download LG bridge, choose your operating system:
Windows
Mac
To start the set up, click Next.
select your country and click Next.
Add a check mark to both boxes to "agree" and click Next.
Select the location of where to save the program and click Install
Wait for the progress to complete and click Next.
if you wish to open the LG bridge, place a check mark next to the option and click finish to close the install.
Note: If the language displayed from the installation is incorrect, click Settings
on the top right and select the correct language from the drop down. (language will be in the same location no matter what language bridge is set to.)
LG Backup can backup your mobile devices LG Home screen, device settings, apps, and contacts to your computer.
Note: Not all mobile devices are supported. Mobile device backups can only be restored to a mobile device and cannot be read by the computer (i.e. contacts). If you wish to directly connect your android phone to the computer to transfer files manually click here for further instructions.
Backup
Click the LG Backup tab, Ensure your phone is connected to the computer and click Back Up
Wait for your computer to establish a connection.
Select your the information you want to back up and click Next.
Select each of the files you wish to back up by placing a check mark next to them, once ready, click Start Note: Each category can be expanded to sub sections.
Click Ok on the pop up, if you wish to not see that message again, check mark don't show this again.
Wait for the back up to start.
Bridge will indicate each section and its overall progress.
The information will then be sent to the computer.
Once done, LG Bridge will say Backup Complete.
Note: You can only restore the phone if you have previously made a back up. Click the LG Backup tab, Ensure your phone is connected to the computer and click Restore
Select your last back up and click Next.
Select the files you wish to restore.
Wait for the restore process to complete.
Click the Software update tab, Ensure your phone is connected to the computer and click Software update
Wait for the unit to check for the software update and if there is, it will automatically start.
In the case your phone gets disconnected or the update freezes, on the bottom right corner of LG bridge, select Update error recovery.
Yianni is a Mobile Communications expert and author of this help library article. Please leave him feedback below about the page.
Print
Email
Copy Link
Share
*Required question
Content Feedback
Content Feedback
1. Was this information helpful?*Required question
Please fill out the required field.
1-1. How can we improve the information?*Required question
Please fill out the required field.
2. How would you improve the information?
Characters left : 140 / 140
Submit
Thank you for your feedback!
Submission form temporarily unavailable
to
(GMT -05:00, United States of America local time)
We apologize for this inconvenience.
OK
Submit failed due to system error.Please try again.
Close
RETURN TO RESULTS
is copied.
Select Ctrl+V to paste
Close
Transfer complete.Thank your for your feedback.
Close
Related Help Library
See more
See more
Ask the Community
If this article didn’t solve your issue,try to ask the community
Go To Community
Register a Product
Get the most out of your LG product by registering!
Register Now
Parts & Accessories
Find genuine Parts andAccessories for your LG products
Shop Now
Contact LG US
Get your questions answered about product setup, use and care, repair and maintenance issues. We can help.
Ask the Community
Twitter
Facebook
LG Chatbot
Email
Telephone
Your Voice to The President
LG Chatbot
Contact Us
Feedback
Recently Viewed
There is no
recent product.
Top
Because life waits for no one, at LG USA we create consumer electronics, appliances and mobile devices that are designed to help you connect with those who matter most. Whether that means cooking a nutritious, delicious meal for your family, staying connected on-the-go, sharing your favorite photos, watching a movie with your kids or creating a clean, comfortable place to celebrate the moments that matter, we'll be there for you every step of the way.Designed with you in mind, LG products offer innovative solutions to make life good. With intuitive, responsive controls, sleek, stylish designs, and eco-friendly features, our collection gives you the power to do more at home and on the go. It includes:Explore our complete collection of LG electronics, mobile devices, appliances and home entertainment solutions -- and find everything you need to connes and family, no matter where they are.ct with your friend
Copyright © 2009-2020 LG Electronics. All Rights Reserved
LG Jeong-Do Management Ethics Hotline