https://www.techassoc.com/privacy-policy/
Technology Associates Limited Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to Technology Associates Limited with the registered office address of Technology House, 1 Shottery Brook Office Park, Timothy’s Bridge Road, Stratford upon Avon, Warwickshire, CV37 9NR (“Technology Associates”, “we”, “us” or “our”).
When we refer to “our Website” or “this Website”, we mean the specific webpages of www.techassoc.com
By using our Website, you consent to Technology Associates Limited’s data practices described in this policy, as well as our Terms & Conditions. If you do not agree to any part of this Privacy policy, then you should stop accessing the Website.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (Act), the data controller is Technology Associates Limited. Technology Associates Limited handles Personal Data as both a Processor and a Controller as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) approved on April 27th, 2016, and enacted on May 25th, 2018. This data is stored exclusively in secure hosting facilities in accordance with the requirements set forth by GDPR.
Definitions
Capitalised terms in this Policy have the following meanings:
“Customer” means a prospective, current or former customer of Technology Associates Limited. The term shall also include any individual agent, employee, representative, customer or client of Technology Associates Limited where we have obtained his or her Personal Data from such Customer as part of its business relationship with the Customer.
“Data Subject” means an identified or identifiable natural living person about whom Personal Data is being processed.
“Employee” means an employee (whether temporary, permanent, part-time or contract) of Technology Associates Limited. An employee may be a resident of a country within the European Economic area.
“Europe” or “European” refers to a country in the European Economic Area.
“Personal Data” In this privacy statement, your information is sometimes called “personal data”. We may also refer to “processing” your data, which includes handling, collecting, protecting and storing it.
“Data Protection Legislation” means (i) before 25 May 2018, the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46 and all national implementing laws (including the UK Data Protection Act 1998); and (ii) on or after 25 May 2018, the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679; together with all other applicable legislation relating to privacy or data protection.
“Sensitive Data” means Personal Data that discloses a Data Subject’s medical or health condition, race or ethnicity, political, religious affiliations, sexual orientation, or trade union membership.
“Third Party” means any individual or entity that is neither Technology Associates Limited nor a Technology Associates Limited employee, agent, contractor or representative.
Scope of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies only to the actions of Technology Associates Limited and Users of our website. It does not extend to any third party websites or links which can be accessed from the Technology Associates Limited website.
Collection and use of personal information through our website
We may collect, record and use your personal data in physical and electronic form, and will hold, use and otherwise process that data in line with the Data Protection Legislation and as set out in this policy. We may process your data because:
you give it to us (for example, using a form on our website);
other people give it to us (for example, your employer or adviser, or third- party service providers that we use to help operate our business); or
it is publicly available.
Our website collects information about your computer, including (where available) its IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration, to filter traffic, to look up domains and to report on statistics.
Details of your visits to our website, the pages viewed and resources accessed or downloaded, including but not limited to, traffic data, location data.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Analytical information
We may directly collect analytical data or use third-party analytical tools and services such as Google Analytics to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our service. These analytical tool(s) collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that may assist us in improving our service.
We may also, without limitations, collect and use the following type of information when you visit and/or interact with Technology Associates Limited on this website:
Google Analytics; Technology Associates Limited use Google Analytics to allow tracking of a user’s activity on this website including; page views, source as well as ‘Time on Page’ or ‘Session Duration’. We use this information to help us improve our website. This information is then collected and reformatted to be displayed as statistical information as numbers, which means that it cannot be traced back to individuals. Users may opt out of Technology Associates Limited use of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
What we do with the information
Commercial and marketing communications
We use the information we collect or receive, such as your email address, to communicate directly with you. When you agree to opt in to our communications we may send you marketing emails from time to time. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to Opt Out.
If you’re an existing Technology Associates Limited customer, you will receive emails regarding factual, transaction and/or servicing information that is related to products or services that we are providing to you or the organisation through which you are known to us. You cannot Opt Out of service-related emails.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organisation, nor will we sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission, or it is required by law to do so. All personal data is stored securely in accordance with the principles of the Data Protection Act 1998. We will retain any data you submit for as long as it is relevant for the process for which it was collected.
Opting Out and Unsubscribing
Reviewing, Correcting and Removing Your Personal Information
Upon request, Technology Associates Limited will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with respect to that information:
To review the information that you have supplied to us
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in information that you have supplied to us
To request that your information not be used to contact you
To request that your information be removed from any mailing list that we use
To request that your information be deleted from our records
To opt out of being contacted by Technology Associates Limited
You may not transfer your rights under this policy to another person.
This policy will be governed by and interpreted according to the law of England & Wales.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us via email at info@techassoc.com, telephone (01789 292 150) or contact us in writing at our postal address: Technology House, 1 Shottery Brook Office Park, Timothy’s Bridge Road, Stratford upon Avon, Warwickshire, CV37 9NR, U.K. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Unsubscribing
You may also Unsubscribe or Opt out from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails at any time, or by sending us an email to info@techassoc.com with the subject line ‘Unsubscribe’.
Cookies information
Cookies are small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are created when you first visit a website — It uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.
Storing Personal Information
We are committed to ensuring that the personal information that resides in our systems is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place a range of suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We endeavour to protect your personal data. However, transmission of data over the internet is not always secure and is done at your own risk.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our handling of the information you provide us, please contact us via email at info@techassoc.com or call our support team on 01789 292 150.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Table of Contents
Technology Associates Privacy Policy
What we collect
What we do not collect
What we do with the information we gather
Security
How we use cookies
Links to other websites
Controlling your personal information
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the website. On some pages, you can make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that request for information. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that process.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our newsletter as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the applicable registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can inquire about all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Share this:
LinkedIn
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Print
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Cancel
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.