http://www.sytec.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
How we use your information
This privacy notice tells you what to expect when Sytec collects personal information, and applies to information we collect from visitors to our websites.
WEBSITES
When someone visits sytec.co.uk or any alias to our website we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visit patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is collated and may allow use to see the name of the organisation who visited our website but not the specific individual. Collated information is used to proactively contact prospects to ensure they have received all the information they need about our services.
When personally identifiable information is submitted by a user, for example using a website form, this is stored and used to contact you.
COOKIES
To provide an interactive, useful and reliable browsing experience, we use third party services, such as Google, who set small files known as cookies which store small amounts of information on your device, and are not used to identify individuals.
Information within these files are used to measure how people use our website.
SOCIAL MEDIA
When using Social Media features, such as the LinkedIn or Twitter links we publish, we will re-direct you to these services. The Social Media provider may collect your information including your IP address, which page you are visiting from on our site, and may set a cookie to enable their features to function properly. Social Media features are hosted by third parties and our Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.  Interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the organisations providing them.
ADVERTISING
Sytec uses Google to advertise. Third parties, including Google, show Sytec adverts on other sites across the Internet.
How To Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information
You can contact us to ask about your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows errors.
You can ask about deleting the information that Sytec has about you by contacting us.
To protect privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access, making corrections or deleting data.
To contact us, please email hello@sytec.co.uk or call 03333 442222 or write Sytec, 26 Parkers Close, Salisbury, SP5 3RB
Our website uses cookies, for more information see our Privacy Policy