http://www.millergraphics.com/en/privacy-notice/
en
fr
pl
Who we are
Our services
Contacts
Login
File transfer
Privacy notice
Miller Graphics Group is owned by O.F Ahlmark & Co.
This privacy notice explains how we use any personal data we collect from you or about you and your rights regarding that data.
What data is being collected?Cookies - We use cookies on our websites and web applications to enhance your user experience and navigation in the system and track site usage. We collect this information anonymously and no personal information is stored in our cookies.For further information on how cookies work and how to disable cookies: www.allaboutcookies.org.
Records of activities – We may hold and process some of your personal information associated with activities and responses in our systems in order to provide services and products that have been requested or agreed.Miller Graphics will never ask for or process sensitive personal data regarding you.
How will the information be used?Any information that Miller Graphics collect, or hold will only be used for the following reasons:
To enhance your user experience of our systems
To enable us to effectively carry out professional responsibilities
Miller Graphics may also choose to send you appropriate and relevant marketing material from time to time – you may choose to be excluded from these communications at any point without affecting any other services.
We will never sell, repurpose or share your personal information outside our own organisation without your prior consent.Any personal information that we collect and/or process will be retained for a period of no greater than 3 years after the cessation of the business relationship, unless specifically requested by the data subject.
Your rightsWe consider there to be a ’legitimate interest’ for us to hold and process some personal information within the constraints described above, however as a data subject you have specific rights regarding your own personal data:
The right to be informedWe consider that this privacy notice fulfils our obligation to inform you regarding our processing of your personal data.
A right of AccessYou have the right to request access to any of your personal data. Miller Graphics will make every attempt to supply your data to you within a one-month period.
A right of rectificationYou have the right to expect that any persona data we hold for you is accurate to the best of our ability, you may make a request for any incorrect data to be corrected. Miller Graphics will make every attempt to rectify your data within a one-month period.
The rights to restrict, object and request deletionYou have the right to request the restriction or suppression of your data – this would allow Miller Graphics to store but not process your data. You may also object to Miller Graphics using your data for a specific purpose (e.g. marketing) or request the deletion of your data entirely.In each case Miller Graphics will make every attempt to respond to your request within a one-month period.NOTE: it may prove impossible for Miller Graphics to continue to effectively supply some goods and services in the case where the above requests are respected.
Changes to our Privacy NoticeMiller Graphics keep our privacy notice under regular review – any updates will be found on this page.This notice was last updated on 15th May 2018.
Contacting UsPlease contact us if you have any questions or concerns about your personal data or this privacy notice