https://www.qcsupply.com/privacy-policy/
Your company account is blocked and you cannot place orders. If you have questions, please contact your company administrator.
Please refresh this page to improve your experience.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Payment & Tax
Shipping & Handling
International Orders
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
QC Supply shares your concern about privacy. We respect your privacy and treat your personal information with the highest standards of security and confidentiality. This Privacy Policy explains how personal information about you is collected, used, and disclosed by QC Supply, LLC. Personal information covered by this Policy includes information that is collected when you sign up to become a QC Supply member, shop in our stores, use our sites, sign up for activities and events, or when you otherwise interact with us. We may supply different or additional notices of personal information practices specific to certain programs or activities.
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our services to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
Initially, we collect basic information from you to create your account. This information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Your full name
Phone number
Address, state, province, zip/postal code, city
Password
We also collect information when you make a purchase, sign up for classes, register for events and recreational activities, or when you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us.
Usage Data
We receive certain types of information automatically whenever you access our site, such as your IP address, type of browser, access times, and the page you visited before visiting our site.
Tracking and Cookies Data
We use cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our site and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amounts of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from our site and stored on your device.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our services.
Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings
Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for Securities
Web Beacons are electronic images that may be used on our site or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and to tell if an email has been opened or acted upon.
For more information about cookies, visit our Cookie Policy page.
Use of Data
QC Supply uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our site
To notify you about changes to our services
To send you communications about QC Supply and partner products
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our services
To monitor the usage of our site
To detect, prevent, and address technical issues
Sharing of Personal Information
We may share personal information about you outside of QC Supply and its affiliates, similar to:
Sharing personal information to third-parties who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf
Sharing our postal mailing list and general shopping information available to selected companies that we believe may offer products or services of interest to you
Sharing product reviews you submit that will be publicly posted on our site, catalog, marketing materials, and other sites (such as social media sites)
Sharing personal information as part of a corporate business transaction – such as a merger or acquisition – of all or a portion of our business to another company, joint venture, corporate reorganization, financing, or sale of company assets
We do not sell, release, disclose, transfer, make available, or otherwise communicate orally, in writing, by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information to another business or third party for monetary or valuable consideration.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside of the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
QC Supply will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
QC Supply may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Comply with legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of QC Supply
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connections with our services.
To protect the personal safety of users of our services or the public
To protect against legal liability
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our site (“Service Providers”), to provide services on our behalf, and to perform site-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our site is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any purpose.
Links to Other Sites
Our site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site that you visit.
Security of Data
The security of your data is very important to us, but remember that no method of transmission of the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. QC Supply endeavors to use commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction while it is under our control.
Your Choices
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from QC Supply by following the instructions in those emails. You may also change your postal mail and email preferences by contacting us at qcsupply@qcsupply.com or 1 (888) 433-5275. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your orders, account, membership, or our ongoing business relations.
If your personal information changes, we invite you to correct or update your information on our website. If you’ve signed up for a QC Supply online account, you may change your email address, physical address, and other information. You can also request changes to your personal information and request that we not disclose your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes by contacting our Customer Service department at 1 (888) 433-5275.
You can choose to stop the collection of data by cookies on our site. Set your browser to remove and reject cookies set by QC Supply. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services on our site.
You also have the ability to request access to personal information that is linked to your account. You can make a request to download your data in the "Privacy Center" of your account, or contact us at qcsupply@qcsupply.com. Once a verifiable request is made, we will give you a copy of your data in less than 45 days (typically less than 24 hours). This can be downloaded in a portable spreadsheet format.
Should you ever decide to delete your account, you may do so in the "Privacy Center" of your account. If you terminate your account, any association between your account and the information we store will no longer be accessible through your account. However, any public activity on your account prior to deletion - such as public questions or reviews - will remain stored on our servers.
Notice for California Residents
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. Our privacy policy and practices are updated to comply with CCPA regulations. We want you to be aware of the information we collect about you, the use and sharing of your information, and the rights and choices to your information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our site, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy or about our privacy practices, please call our customer service representatives at 1 (888) 433-5275 or send an email to qcsupply@qcsupply.com. You may also direct your privacy-related comments or questions to the following address:
QC Supply, LLC P.O. Box 581 Schuyler, NE 68661-0581