https://www.empiremagnetics.com/privacy_policy.htm
Toggle navigation
Go to Home Page
Motors That Survive!
Phone: 707-584-2801
Fax: 707-584-3418
sales@empiremagnetics.com
service@empiremagnetics.com
5830 Commerce BlvdRohnert Park, CA 94928
About
Products
Vacuum Rated Motors
Vacuum Rated Stepper Motors
Radiation Hardened Motors
Radiation Hardened Stepper Motors
Waterproof Motors
Waterproof Stepper Motors
Hazardous Area Motors
Hazardous Area Stepper Motors
Cryogenic Motors
Cryogenic Stepper Motors
High Temperature Motors
High Temperature Stepper Motors
Dust Proof Motors
Abrasive Dust Proof Motors
Standard Industrial Motors
Resources
Engineer's Resources
FAQ
CAD Drawings
Photos by Environment
Technical Articles
Glossary of Terms
Pricing
Contact
Motors That Survive!
Home > Privacy Policy
EMPIRE
MAGNETICS INC.
PRIVACY POLICY
WEBSITE TERMS & CONDITIONS
© 1999 - 2020 Empire Magnetics Inc. All rights reserved.
OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACY
We value the privacy of our members and the information that they provide to
us. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices of
EMPIRE MAGNETICS INC; it does not apply to other online or offline sites,
products or services. EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. maintains member information which is
reasonably related to servicing member accounts. Our website and email use
"cookies" and similar means to collect aggregate statistical
information. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk
by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver
viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only
be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies
are also used to recognize members' preferences, temporarily store session
information (such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart), and
past activity at our site in order to provide better service and easier
access when members return to our site. If you choose to decline cookies,
you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or
other websites you visit.
EMPIRE MAGNETICS INC. collects contact
information in order to allow communications with customers, prospective
customers, and other business related individuals.
We do not sell this information to other parties, it is used strictly
for and by EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.  to
facilitate support and sales of products or services provided  by EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
(We do not support spamming activities,
but we do want to sell our products.)
The content of the web site at domain name
empiremagnetics.com,  is the
property of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC., it is not public domain, access to this information is restricted to registered
members.  By providing
registration information an individual or company becomes a member. The
member expressly authorizes communication between EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. and
the member.  EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
will only use your e-mail address to contact you about product offerings
which may be of interest to you, to provide product support, technical
information, or to contact you about your account, order processing or other
business related matters.   If
you do not wish to be in communication with EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
do not register,  or
request that your registration be deleted from the data base.
The data base comprised of member information
files, is the exclusive property of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
It may not be copied in part or in total without express written
consent of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. (This
clause allows us to go after hackers and spammers if they manage to get a
copy of the data base.)
While third party service providers may have access to our members'
information to perform fulfillment services for EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.,
information about a member's circumstances is confidential and is treated
accordingly.  Personally
identifiable information collected on this site may be stored and processed
in the United States or any other country in which EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. or its
partners, affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by
using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of
your country.
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. may disclose personal information if required to do so by
law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a)
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property
of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the
personal safety of users of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC., its Web sites, or the public.
By using this site, you consent to the data practices described in this
statement.
We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. For material changes to
this Privacy Statement, we will notify you either by placing a prominent
notice on the home page of our Web site or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement
to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we
collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to
this Privacy Statement and any updates.
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If
you believe that EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact us by email or by postal mail at the addresses listed above, and we
will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy
the problem.
WEBSITE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
INVITATION
EMPIRE MAGNETICS INC.  created and maintains its web site for the
specific purpose of providing customers and sales agents with the
information needed to conduct business.   The images,
graphics,  text,  code and any other information contained in the
web site at empiremagnetics.com
is the property of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.   It may not be copied, framed,
edited, linked or otherwise duplicated except when the following conditions
are met. Duplication includes attribution of materials to EMPIRE MAGNETICS,
INC. since the web site is regularly revised,  the date of duplication
needs to be included. Duly authorized sales agents may use the EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
materials for the purpose of promoting and selling products
and services provided by EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.  Downloads and duplication by customers or prospective
customers of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.  to apply,  install and maintain products or
services provided by EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. are authorized.
Sales,  marketing or promotion of products and services provided by EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
by subcontractors engaged in the normal sales
and support functions for the benefit of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. are
authorized.
Downloads, copies,  duplication of the web site, it's
content,  format or any intellectual property, which is not
controlled by,  or attributed to EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. and which is not
expressly authorized in writing by
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. is forbidden.
TRADEMARKS
The trademarks, logos and service marks (the "Trademarks")
displayed on the Site, unless otherwise specified, are either the registered
and unregistered trademarks of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.'s parent entity or used
under license. Nothing contained in the Site should be construed as granting
by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark
displayed in the Site without the written permission of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
or
any third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your
misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content on the
Site, is strictly prohibited. You are hereby also advised that EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the
fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
OWNERSHIP
Everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted
and may not be used except as provided for in these terms and conditions or
in the text of the Site without the express permission of EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
which neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed
on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned or
affiliated with EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC..
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, PRIVACY and PUBLICITY
Images of people or places displayed in this Site are either the property
of, or used with permission by EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.. The use of these images by
you, or anyone authorized by you, IS PROHIBITED unless specifically
permitted by these terms and conditions or specific permission provided
elsewhere on the Site or you secure the necessary permission from the rights
holder. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws,
trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications
regulations and statutes.
CONFIDENTIALITY
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or
otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like
is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything
you transmit or post may be used by EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. or its affiliates for
any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure,
transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. is free
to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any
communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but
not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such
information. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful,
threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory,
pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or
encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to
civil liability or otherwise violate any law. EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. reserves the
right to remove any content posted at any time at its sole discretion. EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities
or court order requesting or directing EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. to disclose the
identity of anyone posting such information or materials.
SECURITY
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.
and it's
subcontractors take reasonable and prudent  precautions to protect the
information in our database. However we can not be held liable if someone
obtains this information by
illegal means.
ACCURACY
While
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and
up-to-date information on the Site,
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. makes no warranties or
representations as to its accuracy nor does
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. assume any
liability or responsibility for any errors in the content of the Site.
DAMAGES and WARRANTIES
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your own risk. Neither
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering
the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or
punitive damages arising out of your access to or use of the Site. Without
limitation, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS"
without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not
limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose or non-infringement. Note that some jurisdictions may not
allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions
may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or
limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
VIRUS
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for
any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other
property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in, the Site or
your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from
the Site.
LINKS
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site, is
not responsible for the content of any off-Site pages or any other sites
linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-Site pages or other sites
is at your own risk and the fact that there is a link to
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC.'s
site should not be construed as an endorsement of either the linked Site's
content or sponsors.
TRADING WITH ENEMIES
Software from this Site is further subject to United States Export Controls.
No software from this Site may be downloaded or exported 1) into (or to a
national or resident of) Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Syria or any
other country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or 2) anyone
on the United Stated Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated
Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By
downloading or using the software, you represent and warrant that you are
not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such
country or on any such list.
REVISIONS
EMPIRE MAGNETICS, INC. may at any time revise the terms and conditions herein by
updating this Legal Page. You are bound by any such revisions and should
therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current terms and
conditions.
Go Back
Standard Industrial Motors
Vacuum Rated Motors
Vacuum Rated Stepper Motors
Radiation Hardened Motors
Rad Hardened Stepper Motors
Waterproof Motors
Waterproof Stepper Motors
Hazardous Area Motors
Hazardous Area Stepper Motors
Abrasive Dust Proof Motors
Cryogenic Motors
Cryogenic Stepper Motors
High Temperature Motors
High Temperature Stepper Motors
Dust Proof Motors
CAD Drawings
Pricing
FAQ
Technical Articles
Search website
Home
Privacy Policy
Site Guide
Detailed Site Map
Contact Us
EMPIRE MAGNETICS INC.
5830 Commerce Blvd Rohnert Park, CA 94928
Phone: 707-584-2801
Fax: 707-584-3418
WAWF and SAM Registered
Cage Code 0YMU1