http://www.desert-aire.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Back
HomePrivacy Policy
Desert Aire Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Desert Aire’s online privacy policy applies only to the Desert Aire website and does not apply to activities that are "offline" or unrelated to the website.
Use And Disclosure Of Information
Personal information collected on the Desert Aire website will never be sold, shared or presented to any person or persons outside of Desert Aire, except in the limited circumstances stated in this paragraph. Desert Aire may disclose your information to service providers who assist the Company in operating the website or conducting its business. Desert Aire may disclose information about you if and when the Company believes it is necessary to comply with any law, rule, court order, or subpoena, or to enforce its legal rights or the rules of this website, or to protect its business, property and operations, or in connection with a sale, acquisition, merger or other business combination of its business with a third party.
Desert Aire collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected can include information such as the type of browser you are using, your IP address and the length of the visit to the website.
You may also be asked to provide personally identifiable information on the Desert Aire website, which may include your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to Desert Aire or when you attempt to locate offices in your area, or request additional information or literature.
If you voluntarily submit your information through the “Contact” or "Careers" sections of the Desert Aire website, Desert Aire may use that collected information for the purpose it was provided to contact you by e-mail or other means.
Other Websites
Desert Aire’s website contains links to other sites. Desert Aire is not responsible for the content of the websites or the privacy policies of the business or organizations operating those sites. If you provide any information to such third parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party's privacy policies before providing any data to them.
Security
Desert Aire takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security through various hardware and software methodologies. However, Desert Aire cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.
Questions Or Comments
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please contact info@desert-aire.com, or use the “Contact” portion of this website.
Modifications Of The Privacy Policy
Desert Aire reserves the rights to modify its privacy policy at any time and will notify you by posting an amendment to the privacy policy on the website. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted. Desert Aire encourages you to frequently review the privacy policy for any modifications.
Ask A Quick Question
Name *
Email *
City/State *
Phone
Message *
Send