http://www.customerfocusinc.com/privacy-policy-1
LAUNCH SPECIAL $20 per employee
Privacy PolicyWelcome to our Privacy PolicyYour privacy is critically important to us.Remote Skill Training (RST) is located in Georgia, US. Please email us or call (404) 625-0200.It is RST’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to www.remotevoicetraining.com (hereinafter, "us", "we", “Website”). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.This Privacy Policy, together with the terms and conditions in our Use Licenses available on the Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. If you purchase a Use License on the website, you are required to agree to the  Use Licenses’ terms and conditions.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, RST collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language, referring site, and date and time of each visitor request. RST's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how RST's visitors use its website. From time to time, RST may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.RST also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on http://www.remotevoicetraining.com blog posts. RST only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses the same way it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationRST licenses to businesses the use of its VOICE-Adventures as described in the Use Licenses on the website. RST is owned by Customer Focus, Inc. (CFI), which has been in the business of selling Training Use Licenses for its intellectual property for over 30 years. RST may gather personally-identifying as described in the purchasing process for the Use Licenses. We always work closely with our clients and are here to respond to your needs.SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us. Remember, though, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Aggregated StatisticsRST may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. RST may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, RST does not disclose your personally-identifying information.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, RST may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in RST's sole discretion. RST encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Copyright © 2020 Customer Focus, Inc. All Rights Reserved.VOICE is a registered trademark of CFI.HOMEBrochureIndividual LicenseCompany LicensePuchase LicensePrivacy Policy