https://www.bareinternational.com/contest-terms-and-conditions/
Contest Terms and Conditions.
TO ENTER THE LIVESHOPS CONTEST (the “Contest”) you must complete and submit your entry by following the instructions found on the Contest page. In the event of a dispute, entries received on-line shall be deemed to be submitted by the “Authorized Account Holder” of the email address submitted at the time of entry. “Authorized Account Holder” is defined as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an internet access provider, on-line service provider, or other organization (e.g. business, educational institution, etc.) that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address. Contest starts on the first of September 2020 at 1200 EST and concludes at the announcement of ten (10) winners (the “Contest Period”). There is one (1) grand prizes (the “Prize”) to be won from among all the eligible entries received during the Contest Period. No purchase necessary. Void where prohibited.
The contest sponsors are BARE International (hereinafter referred to as the “Contest Sponsors”).
Prize – There is one (1) prizes consisting of PRIZE. Approximate retail value of the Prize is $1,500 USD.
Prize must be accepted as awarded. The Prize may not be sold, transferred and is not convertible to cash. Contest Sponsors reserve the right to substitute the Prize in whole or in part in the event that all or any component of the Prize is unavailable. Prize winner is solely responsible for all costs not expressly described herein.
On or after the first of September 2020 at 1200 EST. ET, a random draw for the Prize will take place from among all eligible entries received during the Contest Period. The first ten (10) eligible entries drawn will be eligible to win the Prize. The odds of winning the Prize will depend upon the total number of eligible entries received during the Contest Period. BARE International, acting reasonably, will attempt to contact the potential winner by email provided as soon as possible and not to extend past 31 December 2020 at 2300 EST. Proof of identification must be provided upon request. Acceptance of the prize assumes that the potential winner has read and understood these official rules and regulations (“Rules”), accepts the Prize as offered and releases the Contest Sponsors from any and all liability of any kind arising out of the potential winner’s, participation in this Contest and receipt and use of the Prize. The provisions and procedures referred to above relating to selection and notification of a potential winner, shall be applied, with the necessary amendments, until qualified winners have been duly selected, but in any event, no later than 31 December 2020 at 2300 EST.
By entering this Contest the entrants and participants automatically agree to accept and abide by these Rules. All decisions of the Contest Sponsors with respect to any aspect of this Contest, including without limitation the eligibility of entries, are final and binding on all entrants in all matters as they relate to this Contest.
All entries become property of Contest Sponsors who assume no responsibility for garbled, lost, late, delayed, destroyed or misdirected mail, voice messages, e-mail or any computer errors or malfunctions. No correspondence will be entered into except with entrants requesting Rules by mail or requesting the name of the Prize winner (for which a self-addressed, postage paid envelope must be included). Contest Sponsors do not assume any responsibility for incorrect or inaccurate capture of entry information, technical malfunctions, human or technical error, seeding or printing errors, lost, delayed or garbled data or transmissions, omission, interruption, deletion, defect or failures of any telephone or computer line or network, computer equipment, software or any combination thereof. Entry materials-data that have been tampered with or altered are void. If for any reason, in the opinion of the Contest Sponsors, in their sole discretion, the Contest is not capable of running as originally planned, or if the administration, security, fairness, integrity or the proper conduct of the Contest is corrupted or adversely affected, including by reason of infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures or any other causes beyond their control, Contest Sponsors reserve their right to cancel, terminate, modify, amend, extend or suspend the Contest including canceling any method of entry, and select a winner from previously received eligible entries. Contest Sponsors reserve their right to modify the Rules without materially affecting the terms and conditions hereof. The Contest Sponsors reserve their right in their sole discretion to disqualify any individual they find to be tampering with the entry process or the operation of the Contest or to be acting in violation of the Rules or otherwise in a disruptive manner. Any attempts to deliberately damage the Contest web site or to undermine the legitimate operation of this Contest is a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made the Contest Sponsors reserve their right to seek remedies and damages to the fullest extent of the law. Contest Sponsors shall not be held responsible for any errors or negligence that may arise or occur in connection with the Contest including any damage to an entrant’s computer equipment, system, software or any combination thereof, as a result of their participation in this Contest or from downloading any material from the Contest web site.
Contest is subject to all applicable federal, provincial and municipal laws and regulations. By entering this Contest, each entrant consents to the collection, use and distribution of his or her personal information (information that identifies an entrant as an individual, such as home telephone number, age and home address) by the Contest Sponsors for the purposes of implementing, administering and fulfilling this Contest. Contest Sponsors will not sell or transmit this information to third parties except for the purposes of administering this Contest. Any inquiry concerning the personal information held by the Contest Sponsors should be addressed to Data Privacy at dataprivacy@bareinternational.com
In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of the Contest Rules and disclosures or other statements contained in any Contest related materials, including but not limited to the Contest entry form, or point of sale, television, print or online advertising, the terms and conditions of the Contest Rules shall prevail, govern and control. In the event of any discrepancy or inconsistency between the English language version and non-English language version(s) of the Contest Rules, as applicable, the English version shall prevail, govern and control.
All intellectual property, including but not limited to trademarks, trade-names, logos, designs, promotional materials, web pages, source codes, drawings, illustrations, slogans and representations are owned by the Contest Sponsors and or their affiliates. All rights are reserved. Unauthorized copying or use of any copyrighted material or intellectual property without the express written consent of its owner is strictly prohibited.
Scroll to top
Fill out the form below to Enter the Contest
×
Fill out the form below to Access the Benchmark Studies
Name*
First
Last
Company Name*Email*
Phone*CAPTCHAEmailThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×