http://www.abyoung.com/privacy-policy
Toll Free: 800.886.7001
FAQ
Product Sheets
Client FTP
Toggle navigation
Products & Solutions
Engineering Resources
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
E-mail and other personal information
We will never share, sell, or rent your e-mail address, phone number, physical address or any other personal information with anyone unless ordered by a court of law. We primarily use email to communicate with customers about requests or orders. We occasionally send email messages about promotions, new products, or other company news. Each of these messages contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving e-mail from us.
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes and stores the visitor’s IP address (where possible), but not the e-mail address. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, and is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. We do not sell, rent, or trade our visitors’ information with third parties, except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process.
Security
We always use SSL encryption when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
Cookies
A “cookie” is a small data file transferred by a website to your computer’s hard drive. Most browsers automatically accept cookies by default, but you can usually refuse cookies or selectively accept certain cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser. If you turn off cookies, there may be some features of our site that will not be available to you and some web pages may not display properly.
Our web site uses cookies to:
• Remember items in your shopping cart.
• Enable the checkout.
• Determine your country so we can display the correct shipping options
• Collect aggregate information that allows us to analyze traffic patterns on our site (no personal information is stored).
Online Advertising
Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve our ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website.
Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/
Feedback?
If you feel that we are not following our stated information policy, please Contact Us.
You may also contact:
• State or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau;
• State or local consumer protection office; or,
• The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202-FTC-HELP (202-382-4357) or electronically at http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.shtm.
CATEGORIES
Boilers
Fuel Burning Systems
Feedwater Systems & Hydronic Products
Boiler Stacks & Draft Systems
Water Quality Products, Blowdown Systems and Steam Accessories
Accessories & Services
Instrumentation Valves, Controls & Control Systems
AB YOUNG COMPANY
14701 Cumberland Road
Suite 190
Noblesville, IN 46060
CONTACT
Ph: 317.565.5000
Fax: 317.565.5010
Toll Free: 800.886.7001
REQUEST A QUOTE
PRIVACY POLICY
SITE MAP
© 2019 AB Young Company