https://www.penntreaty.com/privacy.aspx
Home
Liquidation
Liquidation Questions
Guaranty Association Coverage
Court Documents
Contact Us
You are here:
Home
Privacy Statement
Penn Treaty Network America is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Penn Treaty Network America site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Penn Treaty Network America site, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Penn Treaty Network America collects personally identifiable information, such as your email
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Penn Treaty Network America also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Penn Treaty Network America. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This
information is used by Penn Treaty Network America for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Penn Treaty Network America site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Penn Treaty Network America public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Penn Treaty Network America
does not read any of your private online communications.
Penn Treaty Network America encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Penn Treaty Network America so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Penn Treaty Network America is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Penn Treaty Network America
and Penn Treaty Network America family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Penn Treaty Network America collects and uses your personal information to operate the Penn Treaty Network America
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Penn Treaty Network America also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Penn Treaty Network America and its affiliates. Penn Treaty Network America may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Penn Treaty Network America does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Penn Treaty Network America may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Penn Treaty Network America
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Penn Treaty Network America, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Penn Treaty Network America does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Penn Treaty Network America keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Penn Treaty Network America, in order to determine what Penn Treaty Network America services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Penn Treaty Network America to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Penn Treaty Network America Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Penn Treaty Network America or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Penn Treaty Network America; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Penn Treaty Network America, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Penn Treaty Network America Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Penn Treaty Network America pages, or
register with Penn Treaty Network America site or services, a cookie helps Penn Treaty Network America
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Penn Treaty Network America Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Penn Treaty Network America
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Penn Treaty Network America services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Penn Treaty Network America secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Penn Treaty Network America secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Penn Treaty Network America will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Penn Treaty Network America encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Penn Treaty Network America is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Penn Treaty Network America welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Penn Treaty Network America has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Penn Treaty Network America at webmaster@penntreaty.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
Copyright 2019 by Penn Treaty Network America Insurance Company
Terms Of Use
|
Privacy Statement
|
Login