https://www.tollgas.com/privacy-policy/
Loading...
Toll Company has created this privacy statement to disclose the privacy practices for the website at www.tollgas.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website.
Information Collection
Personal information which may be collected includes, but is not limited to, first and last name, email address, physical address, work title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information when needed to provide a service or product you have requested. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
Use and Sharing of Information
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site.  We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g.  to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Access and Control of Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any
Change/correct any data we have about you
Have us delete any data we have about you
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Links
This web site contains links to other sites.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Home » Privacy Policy