https://www.kentusa.com/privacy-statement/
Shop for Machines
Blogs
Dealer Log In
MENUMENUHomeMachines
Grinders
Manual Hand Feed GrindersAutomatic Feed GrindersDouble Column GrindersCenterless GrindersCylindrical GrindersKnife GrinderTool and Cutter GrindersRotary Grinders
Lathes
Manual Economy LathesManual Precision LathesManual Big Bore LathesCNC Economy Teach LathesCNC Precision Teach Lathes
Milling Machines
Manual Knee MillsCNC Knee MillsCNC Bed Mills and Machining CentersCombination Horizontal and Vertical MillsUniversal Milling MachinesHorizontal Boring Mills
EDM (Electrical Discharge Machines)
Sinker Type EDMWire-Cut Flushing Type EDMWire-Cut Submerge Type EDM
Radial Arm Drills
All Radial Arm Drills
Bandsaws
Compact BandsawsProduction Bandsaws
3D Printers
All 3D Printers
CNC Machines
Full Lines of CNC Machines
Vertical MachiningLinear Way
Heavy Duty Box Way
Traveling Column
Double Column
Horizontal Turning2-Axis
Mill-Turn
Sub-Spindle
Large Bore
5 bed Way Heavy Duty
Heavy Duty Boring
5-Axis Mill-Turn
Double Turret Mill-Turn
Horizontal Machiningwith Auto Pallet Changer
without Auto Pallet Changer
Combo H-V Spindle
Vertical TurningCompact Series
Large VTL Series
Technical Manuals
Technical ManualsGrinders
Lathes
Mills
EDM
Radial Arm Drills
Bandsaws
Parts/Support
Parts and SupportOnline Parts Store
Request for Support
Contact UsAbout Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Kent Industrial USA Privacy Statement
Kent Industrial USA Inc. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy online. While information is the foundation of our ability to provide exceptional customer service, our most important asset is our customers’ trust. That is why keeping customer information safeguarded is a top priority at Kent Industrial USA. The information received from you is regarded and treated as confidential business information for use only by Kent Industrial USA and premium dealers. We provide information to our Kent Industrial USA premium dealers in order to provide a timelier response to your needs locally. But at no time will information be shared with third parties or anyone outside the Kent Industrial USA organization.
Please read our complete privacy statement below so that you understand how information is used and the measures we take to protect your personal information.
What information does Kent Industrial USA collect?
Kent Industrial USA does not collect personally identifying information about any Kent Industrial USA website visitor except when it is knowingly provided by the individual. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then we may not be able to help with your request or problem. Kent Industrial USA collects the following information: name, company name, address, country, phone number, e-mail address, types of machines intended to purchase, urgency of purchase, comments and questions as well as serial numbers and models of Kent Industrial USA machines. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. Some of the required fields may include your name, e-mail address and country. The information gathered in the online questionnaires helps us determine who our customer base is and what your needs are. By compiling this data we can work to improve customer experiences with the company.
Which departments at Kent Industrial USA collect information?
The following departments at Kent Industrial USA collect information: Sales, Service, distributors, and marketing.
How does Kent Industrial USA use the information?
Kent Industrial USA uses the information our website visitors provide to answer questions, fill requests, provide literature, and market Kent Industrial USA products and services. By contacting us, you agree that any information or comments you provide may be shared between Kent Industrial USA, its affiliated companies and dealers, and it maybe used, without restriction, to process customer orders and improve or market our products and services.
Who does Kent Industrial USA share information with?
Kent Industrial USA shares the information with its distributors and departments at the company headquarters. No other companies or third parties will receive information. Information submitted by you is used only for the intended purpose stated at the time the information is collected. You may receive updates about Kent Industrial USA products and services via surface mail and e-mail. You can unsubscribe by contacting Kent Industrial USA at webmaster@kentusa.com. Information is not shared with other parties for secondary or unrelated purposes. To further protect your privacy, employee access to information is restricted. Only selected employees with an absolute need to use that information, in order to better serve you, are able to view any details submitted. We take steps to make all information received from you online as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. We will always maintain control over the confidentiality of our customer information.
What types of security procedures are in place?
We temporarily store customer information on our onsite server, in a secure database here at Kent Industrial USA.
How can users correct any inaccuracies in their information?
You can easily change any of the information you have submitted by contacting us at webmaster@kentusa.com. You can also permanently remove your information from the Kent Industrial USA database by contacting webmaster@kentusa.com.
We do revise and update our privacy practices from time to time and we reserve the right to do so without any notice. Please visit this page, at least once every thirty days, to review our then-current privacy practices because they are binding on you. All updates will be published at this site. You may direct any privacy policy questions to webmaster@kentusa.com.
* This privacy policy was last modified on January 4th, 2016.
Copyright © 2016 Kent Industrial USA Inc. All rights reserved.
MachinesGrinders
Lathes
Milling Machines
EDM (Electrical Discharge Machines)
Radial Arm Drills
Bandsaws
3D Printers
Full Lines of CNC Machines
Connect With UsAbout Us
Contact Us
Blogs
Privacy Policy
Contact Us!Kent Industrial USA, Inc.
1231 Edinger Avenue
Tustin CA 92780 USA
1.800.KENT.USA
+1.714.258.8526
Array
(
)
Hi