https://www.huskysport.co.uk/privacy-policy.aspx
Navigation
Home
About Husky Sport
About Winchester Off Road Honda
New Motorcycles
Husqvarna Range
Honda Off Road Range
Used Bikes
Promotions
Husqvarna Promotions
Honda Promotions
Accessories & Clothing
HVA Parts Finder
Latest News
Contact Us
More
Finance
Accessories & Clothing
Version 2.0 - Updated: May 2018Our privacy policy is to respect and protect the privacy of visitors to our website. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it. It will assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our services.We are committed to respecting your privacy. If you have any questions about how we deal with your data please contact us by using the contact information listed on the website and speak to our data protection officer.How we gather information about you?We collect information about you when you use one the contact forms on our website. We have made our best efforts to protect the information that we gather and hold about you. Our systems are password protected and we have implemented reasonable procedural security controls to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your data.What information do we collect about you?The information we gather about you depends on which information request form you use on our website. Each form requests different types of information in regard to the type of enquiry. This is information is given to us voluntarily by you. In most cases we request, but not limited to, the following information:NameAddressEmailTelephone NumberHow will we use the information about you?The information we gather will not be disclosed to anyone else outside of our business and business systems. We have number of business systems which your data may be entered including, but not limited to, business management systems, contact systems and sales systems. These systems are secure and can only be accessed by our business users.Access to your own dataTo be provided with a copy of your own personal data that we collect online and maintain in our database, and to contest and correct inaccuracies, or request that your personal data be deleted, please contact us so we can follow our procedure to action your request. Disclosure of your informationWe will not publish, give, sell or rent your information to anyone, ever. However, we reserve the right to disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Our rights or property, other users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We also reserve the right to disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.Links to Other Sites / "Public" AreasYou should be aware that when you are on our web site, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from our web site pages that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information. The privacy policies of these other sites may significantly differ from that of us. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any other sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected there.Security and Protection of Personal InformationProtecting the security of all personally-identifiable information associated with our guests is of the utmost concern to us. Once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable precautions to ensure its security on our systems. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we take all reasonable steps to ensure the security of our users' personal information and maintain their privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of such personal information.Privacy Policy for MinorsWe do not knowingly collect information from minors. If you are under 18, please do not provide any personal information to us.Your Acceptance of the Terms of this Privacy PolicyBy using this site, you signify your consent to the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time without prior notice to you, so please check this page periodically for any changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.If you have any queries please contact us to speak with our data protection officer.Use of Google Analytics Data and Cookies Like millions of other websites we use
Google Analytics on this website.Google Analytics is software that stores non-identifiable data about our visitors to help us make better decisions about how we structure the site and present information to you.What does Google Analytics record?What website you came from to get here.How long you stay for.What kind of device you're using.And quite a bit more about how you navigate and use the site. We use Google Analytics to measure how users interact with the site to improve performance and functionality. This includes limited information from the Google Display network which provides anonymous aggregated data which may include gender and general interests information. These can be used by us and our web developer, Media Links Online Ltd., to better understand our visitors and improve the performance of the site to better suit your needs (for example so we can analyse performance and develop appropriate on-site offers for products and our services)We do not use any of the anonymous aggregated data to retarget you on other sites or with personalised advertising outside of this siteIf you wish to know more about what Google Display Ad Services, only some of which are used and then only within this site you can read more about Google advertising technologiesOr you can watch a video explaining how Google uses cookies.If you wish to change what information is used for measuring your interaction with the site then you can edit your settings on what is included and tracked by editing Google Display ad tracking for your Google account If you want to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking you can alter the settings on your browser to block or implement any no-follow functionality it may provide. Please be aware this impacts your Google account as a whole so this may impair your Search experience with Google and deliver less appropriate results, as your previous search history and interaction with any advertising will not be used to tailor location, search results or advertising that you see to your interests.To make this opt-out simpler Google provide a tool for their Chrome browser and most leading browsers. If you wish to adjust your consumer opt-out preferences for other members of the Network Advertising Initiative, to adjust settings for other companies besides Google you can edit your preferences for other companies here.Please note these are third party tools and we cannot ensure the functionality of these opt-out tools with your browser and personal settings. What do we do with your data?We do not merge personally-identifiable information (for example information from any orders placed with us) with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or analytics feature.We take your privacy seriously and we will not combine any anonymised data with order information in future without providing clear notice of the intent to introduce this, in advance and with the User's prior affirmative (i.e. opt-in) consent to that merger.We also collect aggregate information from all web site visitors. This aggregate data is used to customise our web content to deliver a better experience for our users and will in no way personally identify you. We only get average anonymised statistics and do not disclose or share this data with third parties – except of course Google who are the ones who provide this data. The tracking information allows us to better understand the kind of people who come to the site and what content they're consuming. This helps us to make better decisions about products, design and content.All of this activity falls within the bounds of the Google Analytics Terms of Service.Use of IP AddressAn IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. On occasions, we collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to analyse aggregate information, and to audit the use of our site.Use of CookiesCookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you're at our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard - you will find them at most major web sites.CookieNamePurposeMore informationGoogle Analytics_utma_utmb_utmc_utmzThese cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
We may also use anonymous identifiers which tracks users when ever they interact with our site. This may include the browser they are using and the operating system in use.
To provide website visitors the ability to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics you can download an 'opt-out' tool from hereClick here for an overview of privacy at GoogleASP SessionASP.NET_SessionIdThis cookie is used to record that users have viewed the website. This cookie expires when you close your browser.Visit the Microsoft websiteAddThis jQuery PluginlocCoyote-2-a0f0083btana_svcphpbb3_* and style_cookie__utm*uid/uitpscgi/dtssh/sshsThese cookies perform various roles;loc - geolocation cookie which records the approximate location of a user. Coyote - Load balancer cookiebt - Behaviour Targeting cookie ana_svc - a real-time service cookiephpbb3_* and style_cookie - set by support forum software.__utm* - Google analytics trackinguid/uit - User ID and login time trackingpsc - View counter cookie.di/dt - Date tracking cookies; used for determining expiration of other cookies.ssh/sshs - Service share history used for configuring preferred services. Visit the AddThis WebsitejQuery UIui-tabs-1 ui-tabs-2These cookies are used to enhance your experience when browsing a site. They remember which tabs you last looked at and takes you to them when you return. This cookie expires after 24 hours.jQuery UI Cookie Implementation By showing how and when visitors use a website, cookies help companies see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed and this information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use cookies to better understand and improve areas of the website that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to our web site always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of the web site may not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies.Use of clear GIFsA clear GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) or pixel tag (also known as a 'Web beacon') is a line of code placed on some of our web pages and in emails which, in a similar way to our use of cookies above, allow us to analyse the specific usage patterns of visitors. We do not use clear GIFs.May 2018
Latest news...
CRF450RX 21YM
From £111 a month over 3 years 6.9% APR Representative ...
CRF450R 21YM
From £109 a month over 3 years 6.9% APR Representative ...
CRF150RB 18YM
3 years 6.9% APR Representative ...
CRF50F 17YM
3 years 6.9% APR Representative ...
Thank you for signing up to our newsletter
Keep a look out for our next newsletter in your inbox
×