http://www.greyhouse.com/privacy-statement
Toggle navigation
View Titles by
Series
Business
Financial Ratings
Opinions Through History
This is Who We Were
Working Americans
Current Events
The World
American Politics
Cultural & Social Issues
The Environment
Books in Print
Grey House Canada
Education
Consumer Health
Statistics
Profiles of...
View All Series
View All Titles
Special Offers
Featured Title
MARC Records
Contact Us
Title List
_
Basket
List
Business & Finance Collection
History & Current Events Collection
Health & Education Collection
Statistics & Demographics Collection
GREY HOUSE PUBLISHING
Grey House Publishing (the “Company”) is committed to maintaining robust privacy protections for its users. Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard the information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our Service.
For purposes of this Agreement, “Service” refers to the Company’s service which can be accessed via our website at greyhouse.com in which users can view information about Grey House Publishing’s books and online products. The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to the Company. “You” refers to you, as a user of the Service. By accepting our Privacy Policy, you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect “Non-Personal Information” and “Personal Information.” Non-Personal Information includes information that cannot be used to personally identify you, such as anonymous usage data. Personal Information includes your contact information and email address, which you submit to us through the purchasing process at the Site. If you are purchasing a product, we collect contact information, institution name, phone number, and institution address. If you provide your credit card information to purchase a title, we do not store that data.  The company does not use either persistent and session cookies.
Information you provide us by purchasing a title will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE INFORMATION
Personal Information: Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise share for marketing purposes your Personal Information with third parties without your consent. We do share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for the Company, such as the servers for our email communications who are provided access to user’s email address for purposes of sending emails from us. Those vendors use your Personal Information only at our direction and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Non-Personal Information In general, we use Non-Personal Information to help us improve the Service and customize the user experience. We also aggregate Non-Personal Information in order to track trends and analyze use patterns on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not limit in any way our use or disclosure of Non-Personal Information and we reserve the right to use and disclose such Non-Personal Information to our partners, advertisers and other third parties at our discretion.
In the event we undergo a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of our assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If our information practices change at any time in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Site so that you may opt out of the new information practices. We suggest that you check the Site periodically if you are concerned about how your information is used.
III. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
We implement security measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. We further protect your information from potential security breaches by implementing certain technological security measures including encryption, firewalls and secure socket layer technology. However, these measures do not guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
IV. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right at any time to prevent us from contacting you for marketing purposes. When we send a promotional communication to a user, the user can opt out of further promotional communications by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each promotional e-mail. You can also indicate that you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us by unsubscribing from our list.  An unsubscribe option is included at the bottom of each promotional email. Please note that notwithstanding the promotional preferences you indicate by either unsubscribing, we may continue to send you administrative emails including, for example, periodic updates to our Privacy Policy.
V. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
As part of the Service, we may provide links to or compatibility with other websites or applications. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Site and the Service. Therefore, this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of a third party website accessed by selecting a link on our Site or via our Service. To the extent that you access or use the Service through or on another website or application, then the privacy policy of that other website or application will apply to your access or use of that site or application. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them.
VI. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
The Company reserves the right to change this policy and our Terms of Service at any time. We will notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days following such notification. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately. You should periodically check the Site and this privacy page for updates.
VII. CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us by sending an email to books@greyhouse.com.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Featured Title
Special Offers
Privacy Statement
Business
General Reference
Health & Education
Statistic & Demographics
Online Database
Site Index
Title List
News
Return Dept
Download MARC Records
Digital Catalogs
Sign Up for Newsletter
Connect
Connect