http://www.gotmerchant.com/privacy.php
Free POS System
Retail Merchant Accounts
Internet Merchant Account
Wireless Credit Card Machines
Other Merchant Services
Merchant Account Guide
Gotmerchant.com Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us.
We promise to respect your wishes and guard your private information as if it was ours.
Please contact us if you have any questions about this policy. You may contact us at:
Gotmerchant.com
3421 Highpoint Dr.
Denton, TX 76210
moreinfo@gotmerchant.com
(940) 323-8888
What kind of information do we collect?
We collect browser information and other non-user specific information to support our operations and marketing efforts.
The only user specific information we collect is the information you provide us by filling out any one of the forms listed on our web site.
What do we do with this information?
The information we collect on this site is never sold or transferred to any person or party that is not directly involved in normal business operations. It is for internal use only, but we may share some information with parties deemed necessary to complete or fulfill your request.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.
We, and most websites, utilize cookie technology to help provide a better user experience. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Cookies are only used to provide you with an excellent experience on our web site as well as help our advertising & marketing efforts to ensure we can provide you with all the services possible at the lowest cost.
Email policy
We may use your email address to communicate with you about your account or regarding any requests you make.
In addition, we may send email communications for customer satisfaction purposes or to inform you of special offers we believe will be of interest.
We will never sell your contact information.
If you have questions about this policy, please email us.
Merchant Accounts |
Credit Card Logos |
Ecommerce Blog
Merchant Account Articles
|
Resources |
Link-to-Us |
Privacy Policy
© 2014 Gotmerchant.com, LLC
Home
Products & Services
Rates & Fees
Free Sign Up
Affiliates / Resellers
Testimonials
Company
Contact Us