http://www.hbgcolumns.com/pages/privacy-policy
1-800-264-4424
Columns
Fiberglass Columns
PermaLite® Columns
PermaCast® Columns
Aluminum Columns
PVC Column Wraps
Wood Columns
Porch Posts
PermaPost®
Porch-Loc®
Wood Porch Posts
Railing & Balustrade
PermaRail Plus®
Balustrade Systems
Outdoor Living
Pergolas
Fiberglass Pergolas
Harmony™ PVC Pergola Series
Entry Arbors
Privacy Screens
Trellis / Eyebrows
Millwork Accessories
PermaPorch® Ceiling
Brackets
Medallions
Lamp Posts
Where To Buy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.hbgcolumns.com.
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or through our contact forms from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. an outside sales rep, distributor, or dealer.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.  We also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 334-566-5000 or via email.
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
From time-to-time our site might request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
HB&G Purchase Order Terms and Conditions.pdf