http://www.haradhesive.com/dynamic/privacy_policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how HAR Adhesive Technologies uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. HAR Adhesive Technologies is committed to being a responsible corporate entity and to ensure your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may collect the following information:
Name and contact information including email address
Demographic information such as zip code, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
We may require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular, for the following reasons:
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We may also use your information to contact you at your request.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at HAR Adhesive Technologies, 60 South Park, Bedford, Ohio 44146. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the same address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
what`s trending
Why Proper Adhesive Equipment maintenance is critical for Maximum Quality and Productivity
Nov 30, 2020
Adhesive Application Equipment
A Thoughtful COVID-19 Recap from the President of HAR
Nov 02, 2020
About HAR Adhesives
Keeping your hot melt equipment up and running trouble free is fine.
Oct 06, 2020
Adhesive Application Equipment
Implementing creative solutions to exceed expectations
Sep 01, 2020
About HAR Adhesives
Introducing HARnet, Our New Online Store
Aug 12, 2020
About HAR Adhesives
Follow us
har blog
ebay
facebook
twitter
youtube
Google+