http://www.genuineguidegear.com/privacy-policy
Quick, useful linksFind a Dealer
Skis
Explore Skis
SLAYr
FINDr
SEEKr
ROAMr
SENDr
Accessories
Shop all skis
Splitboards
Explore Splitboards
AXLE
SCAPEGOAT
Accessories
Shop all boards
Bindings
Explore Bindings
ZED
ION
Accessories
Shop all bindings
Skins
Explore Skins
ALPINIST+
MINIMIST
ESCAPIST
SPLITBOARD+
Accessories
Shop all skins
More Gear
Poles
Snow Tools
CABRIO Packs
Logo Gear
Gift Cards
Tension Straps
Misc Accessories
Shop all clearance
Shop all accessories
University
G3 University
Backcountry Basics
Gear Knowledge
Climbing Skin Care
Skin Track Tips
Ski Mountaineering
Expedition & Trip Tips
Splitboard
Backcountry Safety
Blog
Videos
Search
Ground shipping deadline for guaranteed delivery by Christmas is Dec 11th!Ground shipping deadline for guaranteed delivery by Christmas is Dec 11th!
Privacy Policy
G3 Store [CAD]Terms of ServiceBy accessing, viewing, browsing or otherwise using (all of which shall be referred to as "using" in these Terms and Conditions of Use) www.genuineguidegear.com (the "Website"), you ("you" or the "User") agree to be bound by and comply with these Terms and Conditions of Use. Genuine Guide Gear Inc.("we" or "G3") may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions of Use by updating this posting and may also make changes to the content or any links provided on the Website at any time. By using the Website, you agree to be bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically review these Terms and Conditions of Use.1. Terminating the Website:G3 retains the right at any time to discontinue, modify, or temporarily or permanently terminate the Website with or without notifying you. If we discontinue, modify or terminate the site in whole or in part, we will not be liable to you or any third party for such discontinuance, modification or termination.2. Viruses; Destruction of the Website:You agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs intended to or which does interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment including G3's systems. You also agree not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to the site or to disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the site. Any attempt by a user to deliberately damage the Website or to undermine the operation of any aspect or component of the Website constitutes a violation of criminal and civil laws.3. Use of Content on the Website:You should assume that everything you see or read on the Website is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used, without G3's permission, except as provided for in these Terms and Conditions of Use or in any other text appearing in the Website. G3 neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Website will not infringe any rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with G3.4. Accuracy of Information:While G3 makes reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information on the Website, we make no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of any information appearing on the Website. G3 assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Website.5. Limitation of Liability and Release:Your use of the Website is solely at your own risk. Neither G3 nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Website shall in any event be liable for any direct, incidental, economic, consequential, indirect, punitive, special or exemplary damages arising out of your use of the Website and any materials contained on or available through the Website (even if G3 has been advised of the possibility of such damages) under contract, tort, equity, or any other theory of liability or responsibility (including, without limitation, negligence). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, everything on the Website is provided to you "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. By using the Website, you agree to release G3 and its affiliates and their employees, agents, and suppliers from any and all liability for injuries or damages resulting from your use of the Website.6. Your Communications to G3:G3 is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained or described in any communication you send to G3 without further compensation or payment to you and for any purpose whatsoever including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Website.7. Images on the Site:Images of people, places or any other item displayed on the Website are either G3's intellectual property or are used by G3 with the permission of third parties. The use of these images by you or anyone else authorized by you is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions of Use or elsewhere on the Website. Any unauthorized use of any image appearing on the Website may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.8. Links:G3 has not reviewed any of the websites, if any, linked to the Website and is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or links to any other sites. The inclusion of a link does not imply G3's endorsement of the linked website. Viewing all other sites is done solely at your own risk.9. Communications on the Site:Although G3 may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like which may appear from time to time on the Website, G3 is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such communications nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such communications on the Website. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. G3 will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing G3 to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.10. Entitlement to Use:By using the Website, you represent and warrant to G3 that you have all rights and entitlement necessary to use the Website in your country and jurisdiction, and that you are not violating any laws, policies, regulations or other restrictions of your country and jurisdiction to which you may be subject by using the Website.11. Trademarks:All of the trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively referred to as the "Trademarks") displayed on the Website are registered or unregistered trademarks of G3 or of third parties who have authorized their use by G3. Nothing contained on the Website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Website without the written permission of G3 or owner of the Trademarks. Your misuse of the Trademarks or any other content displayed on the Website, except as provided for in these Terms and Conditions of Use, is strictly prohibited.12. E-Mail:All e-mail sent to G3 should be generated by the person in whose name the e-mail account is registered. E-mail shall not mask the identity of the submitter by using a false name or someone else's name or account. G3 will use your e-mail address and the content of any e-mail only for correspondence purposes and to meet our legal and regulatory requirements with regard to customer communications.13. Governing Law; Severability:The Website, your use of the Website, and these terms and conditions of use shall be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Website or your use of the Website or these Terms and Conditions of Use shall be heard in the British Columbia courts, in the City of Vancouver. If any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any provision contained in these Terms and Conditions of Use is invalid, you agree that the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.14.FundsAll funds are taken in CND and US funds.15. ShippingYou can trust that your order will be quickly processed and safely delivered. We can ship products anywhere in the world using UPS. When you place an order we will estimate delivery dates based upon the availability of your item(s), shipping method selected and your shipment destination. Our shipping charges are determined by the total dollar amount of your order, excluding applicable sales tax.16. CookiesWhat are cookies?Cookies are used to make this website work and to enhance your experience. A cookie is asmall text file that is stored in your browser.Any persistent cookie that is unique to the device because of its attributes or stored values fitsthe criteria for personal data under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Wetherefore need to justify the use of these types of cookies on the legal grounds set out inArticle 6 of the GDPR.Types of cookies that this website usesWe use the following types of cookies:Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.Statistic cookies help website owners understand how visitors interact with websites bycollecting and reporting information anonymously.Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user.Legal grounds for their useWe are relying on the following legal grounds:Necessary cookies: these do not meet the criteria for personal data under the GDPR and therefore we do not require a legal ground for their use.Preference cookies: these can be justified by either Art 6(1)(b) or Art 6(1)(f).Statistics cookies: these can be justified by either Art 6(1)(b) or Art 6(1)(f).Marketing cookies: we will rely on obtaining the user’s consent (Art 6(1)(a)). If the user does not consent to the use of these cookies, these cookies will not be used.17. Requests Relating To Legal Rights Under The GDPRIndividuals in the European Union are entitled to certain rights under the GDPR relating to thecollection and processing of their personal information. All such requests should be directed to Genuine Guide Gear at info@genuineguidegear.com18. Use of Third Party ApplicationsWe make use of third party applications on this website. Some of these third partyapplications process your personal data for specific purposes. All of these third partyapplications guarantee that their processes are compliant with the GDPR.The following third parties will receive your personal data for the following purposes aspart of their processing activities:Third Party Name And LocationLink To Their Privacy Policy And Contact InformationPurpose Of ProcessingShareThis - United StatesLink: https://www.sharethis.com/privacy/Email: dpo@sharethis.comSocial media sharing iconsG3 Genuine Guide Gear Inc.3771 Marine WayBurnaby, British ColumbiaCanada, V5J 5A7info@genuineguidgear.com
Newsletter SignupStay up to dateSign up for the G3 Newsletter and be the first to get product and brand newsCountry:
Canada
United States of America
Aaland Islands
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and Mc Donald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
(Channel Islands)
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa (Independent)
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks & Caicos Islands
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
USA Minor Outlying Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Sport:
Ski
Splitboard
Snowmobile
OtherGender:MaleFemale
Receive customized online advertising, including news of sales in your region. We’ll always treat your data with respect, and guarantee it will only be used by G3.You may unsubscribe at any time.For more information, view our privacy policy.
CompanyAbout Us
Careers
Partners
Media Coverage
Customer ServiceContact Us
FAQ's
Warranty
Recalls/Service Announcements
Product Manuals
Orders & ReturnsPrivacy Policy
Return Policy
Manage Your Cookies
Find a Dealer
Pro Purchase
Dealer Assets
© G3 Genuine Guide Gear Inc. 2020.All Rights Reserved.
FacebookTwitterPinterestGoogle PlusTumblr
This website uses cookies for various purposes, including enhancing your website experience. To learn more about the types of cookies this website uses, see our Privacy Policy. You can provide consent by clicking the "I Consent" button or by cancelling this cookie notice.
I Consent
Manage Cookies
Close
This website uses cookies for various purposes, including enhancing your website experience. To learn more about the types of cookies this website uses, see our Privacy Policy. We need your consent to use marketing cookies. Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads (via third party services) that are relevant and engaging for individual users. Please select the checkbox below to indicate your consent.
I consent.
I do not consent.
Save Preferences
Your cookie preferences have been saved.
Full Details
Close
Search Website
Search Store