http://www.3eservicesinc.com/privacy-policy-2/
Skip to the content
Toggle the mobile menu
Toggle the search field
Home
Who We Are
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Search
Home
Who We Are
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
3E Services, Inc., is committed to respecting the privacy of all of our customers and other website users. Our site is structured so that you may use many of its features without identifying yourself in any way. If you choose to identify yourself to us, we have developed many other functions that will help enhance your business relationship with us and provide much valuable information about your business transactions with us. You can be assured that any information that you share with us will be used only to support your customer relationship with 3E Services, Inc.
Information that we collect
The 3E Services, Inc. website is designed to provide general and specific information about the services which we provide and to allow you to conduct official business transactions with us via the Internet. These transactions include, but are not limited to, account and job status information, online purchasing of goods or services, and requests for sales contacts or other relevant information. In order to provide these services, we collect personal or company information, including name, contact and billing information, transaction type, and credit card information.
Use of Information
3E Services, Inc. uses the information that we collect to provide higher levels of service to our customers. Specifically, we use your information to help you to complete transactions, to communicate with you, to update you on services and benefits, and to personalize our site for you. Credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for any other purposes.
Occasionally we may use your information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest to you. We will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such requests or material. We will also follow local requirements relating to opting out of receiving unsolicited contacts, where applicable.
Links to Third Party Websites
Links to third party websites on the 3E Services, Inc. site are provided solely as a convenience to our customers. If you use these links, you will no longer be accessing the 3E Services, Inc., site. Our terms and conditions regarding these links is described in the ‘Terms of Use’ section of the 3E Services, Inc., website.
Security
3E Services, Inc., is committed to insuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information.
Feedback
If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please Contact Us.
Search
Random Posts7 Tips of Keeping Your Cooling System Running GreatHow To Spot And Improve Outdated And Dangerous Electrical Wiring5 Tips for Fall and Winter Pest ControlHow to Start Your Own Pressure Washing Business Tips for Keeping Your Lawn Looking Great All Year LongSave Money And Resources With Green SolutionsTop Costly Mistakes To Avoid While Remodeling Your HomeMotors TroubleshootingImportant Tips for Preparing Your Home for SaleWhat Your Home’s Exterior Says About YouCategories
Carpet Cleaning
Electronics
Home Decor
Home Services
Motors Troubleshooting
Uncategorized
PagesContact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Recent Posts
5 Tips for Fall and Winter Pest Control
November 4, 2020
Archives
November 2020
August 2020
July 2020
June 2020
April 2020
February 2020
January 2020
Powered by WordPress & Theme by Anders Norén
Copy link
CopyCopied
Powered by Social Snap