http://www.ecgmc.com/privacy-policy
WHO WE WORK WITH
Health Systems
Physicians
Children's Hospitals
Academic Medical Centers
Ambulatory Surgery Centers
Payers
MORE SOLUTIONS
Service Lines
Behavioral Health
Cardiovascular
Children's Health
Neuroscience
Oncology
Orthopedics
Women's Services
ECG respects the privacy needs of our valued clients and colleagues. We are strongly committed to protecting your privacy as you access and use the materials on this website. We may, in our discretion, amend this privacy policy from time to time. Any material changes to our policy will be reflected on this page, so that you remain informed about the information we collect and how we use it.ECG reserves the right to collect user-provider contact data. ECG may elect to send further communications to you based on the user-provider contact data. Out of respect for our users’ privacy, such communications will provide a way for users to unsubscribe from further information being provided by ECG.This website may contain links to external sites, which are not governed by this privacy policy. ECG does not take responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of any third-party sites to which we link. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any such sites before you submit information there.ECG may use browser cookies on this website to keep track of your visit to our site. A “cookie” is a small text file that is sent from a Web server to your browser and stored on your computer hard drive. We track cookies to allow us to determine which areas of the website are most popular with our users, and to develop enhancements to the site. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions and how to use them.If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at ecg@ecgmc.com
We have received your request and will be in touch shortly.
Get In Touch with ECG
Close
First Name
Last Name
Organization
Email Address
Choose All That Apply
Healthcare Management Insider, ECG's monthly email publication
Articles
Upcoming Events
Submit