http://www.heatilator.com/about-us/privacy-policy
xbq40oa1lwbmlpqiomli0jxg
{"rawurl":"/about-us/privacy-policy","sitecode":"HTL","site":"Heatilator","sitebrandname":"Heatilator","siterootpath":"/sitecore/content/heatilator home/","environment":"Production","sessionid":"xbq40oa1lwbmlpqiomli0jxg","viewedcoupon":false,"issyndicatedsession":false,"dealerid":"","lastlocatorsearch":"","debugtracking":false,"ip":"72.182.10.230","brandfilter":"HTL","visitedproducts":[],"visitedcategories":[],"ppccampaignid":"","configuratorUserData":""}
Test Json Load |
Test Service Call
Contact Us
About UsPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hearth & Home Technologies LLC takes the protection of its customers' personal information seriously. We are committed to ensuring your privacy on the Internet by adhering to standards of fairness and integrity.
Hearth & Home Technologies LLC does not collect personal information about visitors simply browsing through the site. We may log customer visits to the site for statistical purposes, and may collect and store the domain name from which the site has been accessed, the browser used, and the date and time the site is accessed. Such information will only be used to measure the number of visitors to the site and for general administration and improvement of the site. Hearth & Home Technologies LLC may use or share such information in aggregate, non-identifiable form for its business purposes.
You are required to provide certain Personal Information in connection with a request for information, a coupon or special offer, a request for technical assistance or when submitting a contest entry (if applicable) or product warranty card. The submission by you to us of personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, your address, your e-mail address, your telephone number) is required in order for you to receive services, coupons, offers, products or information you request from either us or companies with which we do business. (We refer to such personally identifiable information, as well as any other information that you voluntarily provide to us, as your "Personal Information.") We collect this information when you provide it to us in the forms, contest entry pages, quote request or coupon requests presented on certain web pages. Any information provided on a form is available to us to use to contact you by telephone, email, or regular mail, about your interest in our products. Your Personal Information will be shared between us and those companies with whom we do business. In addition, if you provide your Personal Information through the use of our Dealer Locator or other entry form (including contest/sweepstakes/promotion entry and/or coupon requests), your Personal Information may be shared with authorized dealers who may use that information to contact you.
Hearth & Home Technologies LLC does not license, sell or otherwise make available its customer information without the customer's express consent. In certain instances, in connection with an inquiry or request for technical assistance, you may request that you be contacted by a representative of Hearth & Home Technologies LLC. In such instance you may be asked to provide additional information to accommodate such contact. Any such additional information will be used only for the purpose of that contact. Hearth & Home Technologies LLC may share some information with local dealers of our products.
This site may also use a third-party click tracking analytics tool (such as DART, Omniture tags, DoubleClick, Efficient Frontier and Google Analytics) to capture clickthrough statistics. These may use tools such as web beacons/GIF/pixel tags in order to perform analytics to track page visits, peak usage times, site clickthrough analytics and layout redesign. In doing so, your computer's IP address and other generic information such as origins, keywords and campaigns may be collected and transferred to countries such as the United States. By accessing or using this website, you expressly agree to this collection and transfer.
This site may contain links to other web sites over which Hearth & Home Technologies LLC has no control. This Privacy Policy covers only this site, and Hearth & Home Technologies LLC is not responsible for the web site privacy practices of third parties. We recommend that you read the privacy policy or terms and conditions for each third party site you visit.
COOKIES 'Cookies' may be placed on a visitor's computer to provide information regarding such visitor's use of the site and to enhance the visitor’s experience on the site. The cookies used by Hearth & Home Technologies LLC do not collect any personal information about a visitor, provide any way to contact a visitor, or extract any information from a visitor's computer. With most Internet browsers, a visitor can erase or block cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on the computer.
CONSENT TO APPLICATION Personal information is provided voluntarily at this site and relates only to services used by the visitor. By using this site and providing requested information, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and consent to the use of current and previously collected information by Hearth & Home Technologies LLC under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
This statement may be revised from time to time by Hearth & Home Technologies LLC.
About Us
Press Room
Company Profile
Our History
Top Builders
Our Updated Response to COVID-19
EPA Certification
Mobile App Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Site Map
×
Why are you contacting us?
Need a Quote
Need Service
Looking for Help Choosing a Product
Have a Question About My Fireplace
Processing...
Submit
Thank You!
A local dealer will contact you, we look forward to helping you.
Contact a Hearth Expert
Call Me Back
Need help? A dealer in your local area can help you with sales, service and support.Complete the form below and your local dealer will be in touch.
Please fill in your contact information below and a local dealer will contact you directly about your project.
GeoCountry: