http://www.nbc.ca/privacy-policy/cookies.html
Cookies
Your information on our online services
This statement explains how we handle the information collected when you use our online services as well as our online advertising practices. It completes our Privacy Policy and should therefore be read along with this policy for a full understanding of our practices and your rights with regard to the protection of personal information.
Our online services include our websites, social media pages, mobile apps and any other medium or platform that enables individuals to interact with us online.
By using our online services, you agree to the conditions set out in this statement.
Collection of information via our online services
We collect information about you when you use our online services as a client or consumer, including when you apply for a product or service. This information may include your device's IP address, its unique device identifier, information about your browser or your device's operating system and its location. This information may also concern your browsing preferences and habits, such as the pages that you consult and use.
Cookies
We mainly collect information about you on certain pages using cookies and similar technology (e.g., HTML5 storage specifications, web beacons, embedded scripts) (all designated by the term "cookies" in this statement). Cookies are small electronic files stored on your device. They also enable us to recognize you when you come back to our online services on other occasions. You can refuse or control these cookies (see how in "Your selections" below).
Learn more about cookies
Some cookies are required for you to access and use our online services. Others are used to evaluate the performance of services, or to improve or enrich the content of our ads or the products and services we offer. Some also help ensure the smooth functioning of our services and provide a better user experience. Specifically, they enable you to move around easily from service to service, use features such as access to secure zones and remember your selections and preferences such as your language or region. Finally, some cookies, ours and those of other companies, are used for targeted advertising purposes. They make it possible for us to post, on our online services pages or those of other companies, advertising based on your interests as determined by the way you interact with these services.
Use and communication of your information
We use your information for different purposes, including:
to enable you to do your banking via our online services
to better understand your preferences, needs and how you use our online services to personalize your user experience by suggesting content or making relevant offers
to improve the quality of the information on our online services, access to this information and your user experience
We deal with service providers to offer our online services1. They mainly help us with the functioning of these services, to develop new features, analyze online activity, launch our ads and offers, and gauge the efficiency of our ad campaigns. Please note that these service providers could store your information on servers in the United States or elsewhere.
Advertising based on your interests
When you use our online services, our targeted advertising cookies indicate the pages that interest you. We can then post advertising based on your interests on our online services or other websites.
We may allow partners to post banner ads or links on our online services, just as we may also post our own banner ads and links on our partners' services. These banner ads use cookies to monitor your online activity. Our partners have their own policies and practices concerning the protection of personal information but we take reasonable measures to ensure that you have access to these policies and practices as well as to any option which allows you to exercise preferences.
Your selections
The browser you use allows you to consult cookies and control how they are used. You can configure your browser to accept or delete cookies, either for specific ones or for all cookies. You can also set your browser to ensure it refuses all cookies or have it request your consent every time a cookie is sent to your device. However, these settings could have an impact on your user experience with our online services.
Finally, you can prevent cookies from other companies from being deployed. Doing so can reduce the number of ads based on your interests. Occasionally, it is even possible to prevent only specific companies from deploying cookies.
You can find additional information on cookies on the following sites:
Microsoft.com: Information about Cookies
Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada
Association of Canadian Advertisers (ACA)
Social media platforms and third-party sites
We are present on some social media services such as Facebook and Twitter. When you interact with us via social media, you do so in accordance with the conditions and policies of these platforms.
Our online services may contain links to websites and services that are not ours. When you leave our online services, this statement therefore ceases to apply.
We invite you to carefully read the privacy policy of the social media platforms, other websites and services before you provide them with any personal information.
Amendment to this statement
We reserve the right to update this statement at any time. Any changes would then take effect on the date of the most recent update indicated above. By continuing to use our services after this date, you accept any changes made to the statement. We recommend that you re-read this statement from time to time to remain aware of all its conditions.
If you have any questions about this statement and our practices, please email us at confidentiality@nbc.ca.
1 At the time of publication of this statement, our main service providers were Adobe, Google, Facebook and IBM. Some may have been replaced or added since then or could be added or replaced in the future.