http://www.mb.bluecross.ca/privacyandlegislation
mybluecrossSign In
Register
Home
Privacy and Legislation
Learn More
Personal Plans
Health Benefits
Blue Choice
Self-employed, on parent duty or without workplace benefits? Make health coverage part of your plan with one of our Blue Choice plans.
Learn More
Retiree Plans
If you are retiring soon and your employer benefits are ending, you could be eligible for one of our retiree plans.
Learn More
Travel Coverage
Travel should be worry free. Let our travel products provide you with complete peace of mind.
Learn More
Life Insurance
Discover straight-forward life insurance with affordable premiums that never increase. No medical exam required.
Learn More
Employer Plans
Employer Plans
Are you a small business with 3 - 9 employees?
Get comprehensive coverage without compromising your budget at a fixed monthly rate.
Learn More
Do you have 10 or more employees?
Get tailored coverage. Choose the benefits that make the most sense for your workforce.
Learn More
Employee Assistance
Well being is high on everyone's list of priorities. It is also a business priority because a growing, competitive company depends on the vitality and effectiveness of their employees.
Learn More
Disability Management
Find out why our disability management program is proven to help your team stay healthy.
Learn More
About Us
Who We Are
Manitoba-based and Manitoba-grown, we are an independent, not-for-profit organization that puts people and service first.
Our Company
Our Awards
Our Team
Our History
In the Community
We have a vested interest in the health and well-being of our fellow Manitobans, and understand the importance of being a good corporate citizen.
Our Causes
Our Foundation
Our Scholarships
mybluecross
Download Forms
Careers
News & Articles
Contact Us
FAQ
Notice & Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Notice & Disclaimer
General
The products referenced in this site contain restrictions, limitations, and terms for continuing coverage. Any purchase of coverage from this site will be subject to the applicable laws and the terms and conditions of the contract of coverage as issued by Manitoba Blue Cross.
Content and Revisions
The information provided in this site is not an offer to sell or invitation to purchase any product where such offer would violate the insurance laws of a jurisdiction. The products and services described in this site are available to Manitoba residents only. Any use of this site or purchase of coverage from this site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Manitoba, Canada.
The information provided in this site is not intended to provide you with legal, insurance or other advice and Manitoba Blue Cross shall not be responsible for any detrimental reliance you place upon this site or its contents. While Manitoba Blue Cross makes every effort to present accurate and reliable information in this site, it does not endorse, approve or certify such information, nor does it guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness or correct sequencing of such information. This information is subject to change and update at any time without prior notice. Use of such information is voluntary and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy and timeliness. Please consult Manitoba Blue Cross for complete information about its products and services.
Use of Information
Use of this site shall be on an "as is" basis and entirely at your own risk. Manitoba Blue Cross, its affiliated companies, its officers, directors, agents or employees, or any other person associated with the creation of this site, shall not be liable or responsible for any harm, loss or damage (whether arising in contract, tort, negligence, or otherwise) that may arise in any connection with use of this site, including any direct, indirect, special, third party or consequential damages. No guarantees or warranties, including (but not limited to) any express or implied warranties or merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose, are made by Manitoba Blue Cross.
Website Security
Manitoba Blue Cross respects your privacy and takes protecting it seriously. Your personal information is held in strict confidence. Manitoba Blue Cross does not sell or share your information with anyone else.
Sensitive information (such as login credentials or bank account information) is stored within secure databases, using the latest in data protection systems. Manitoba Blue Cross uses a secure sockets layer (SSL) to protect your sensitive information, in addition to other physical, technological and organizational safeguards.
Links to Other Websites
Reference in this site to any products, services, processes, hypertext links to third parties or other information by trade-mark, manufacturer, supplier or otherwise does not constitute or imply its endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation by our organization.
Email Security
Email is not a secure means of communication. As information could arrive late or incomplete, contain viruses, or be intercepted, corrupted, lost or destroyed, no email transmission can be guaranteed to be secure or error-free. Manitoba Blue Cross does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of its messages or for any loss or damage arising from the receipt or use of email transmission.
Email Phishing Policy
Manitoba Blue Cross will not send unsolicited emails that contain web site links or ask for confidential information such as your password, certificate number, etc. We will not ask you to validate or restore your access through unsolicited email. Please do not respond to unsolicited emails containing website links, especially those that request personal information. This policy was designed to protect our clients from email phishing attacks. Please report any suspicious requests to Manitoba Blue Cross immediately by contacting us by phone at 204.775.0151 or toll-free at 1.800.873.2583 or by email at MIS.SecurityOffice@mb.bluecross.ca.
Copyright
© 2018. Manitoba Blue Cross. All rights reserved. The content in this site may not be reproduced, disseminated, published, or transferred, in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of Manitoba Blue Cross. The use and display of other's trade-marks in this site does not imply that a license of any kind has been granted.
Trademark
®*The Blue Cross symbol and name, Colour of Caring and mybluecross are registered marks of the Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans, independently licensed by Manitoba Blue Cross. *†Blue Shield is a registered trade-mark of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.
More Information
If you have any questions about this site, these conditions, or Manitoba Blue Cross's products or services, please contact us at 1.800.873.2583.
Privacy Policy for mybluecross®
Effective date: October 1, 2018
Manitoba Blue Cross ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.mb.bluecross.ca website and the mybluecross® mobile applications (the "Service").
Your privacy is important to us. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
For policy information related to the administration of your plan, please review our Privacy Code.
Information Collection and Use
Types of Data
We collect several different types of information to provide and improve our Service to you.
1. Personal Data
When you access our Service, you are anonymous unless you choose to identify yourself. You are not required to provide personal information, unless a feature requires it.
Personal data that you do provide us will be required in these contexts:
When registering for a mybluecross account, we collect your MBC account information, full name, birth date, address information, email address and account login credentials
When submitting claims through mybluecross, we collect banking information to reimburse claims through direct deposit
When purchasing Individual Travel insurance, we collect your full name, address, email address and payment information
When you fill out online forms to Contact Us, request quotes, or schedule appointments, we collect your full name, email address, phone number, birth date, MBC account information and anything you provide us to answer your question and/or assist with the quote process
2. Usage Data
We may collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
3. Cookies and Web Beacons
We use cookies, beacons and similar technologies to monitor the activity on our Service.
Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Web beacons are a collective term used to refer to pixel tags, web beacons or clear GIF images embedded in a web page and usually invisible to the user. Web beacons are used for many of the same purposes as cookies, allowing Manitoba Blue Cross to compile aggregate statistics about website usage patterns, such as how many times a link or an area on a website is clicked.
All information collected in this manner is non-personal and is not used in connection with any other information that could identify you personally.
Use of Data
The Service uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service and develop and recommend suitable products and services to you
To administer the terms of your plan, including the determination of your eligibility for insurance coverage and Blue Cross benefits and services and for the purposes of processing and settling claims
Disclosure of Data
Manitoba Blue Cross may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:
To comply with a legal obligation or protect against legal liability
To meet regulatory requirements
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect both you and Manitoba Blue Cross from error and fraud
Third Party Companies
We use Google Analytics to monitor and analyze the use of our Service. Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit their Privacy Policy site
Security of Data
Manitoba Blue Cross is committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access and use. We use physical, organizational, and technological safeguards that are appropriate for sensitivity of the information.
Personal information is protected:
Physically, by building security measures and physical barriers
Organizationally, by our policies, practices and access levels
Technologically, by password requirements, encryption, firewalls, anti-virus software
Links to Other Sites
To provide customers with more information that may be helpful, our Service may contain links to other websites that are not affiliated with or maintained by Manitoba Blue Cross. We do not monitor the privacy practices of these third-party sites, and do not have authority over them. As a result, we do not assume any responsibility for the data collection policies and procedures of these sites.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact the Manitoba Blue Cross Privacy Officer at mbcprivacyofficer@mb.bluecross.ca, by phone 1.800.873.2583, or as follows :
Corporate Privacy Officer
Manitoba Blue Cross
599 Empress St
Winnipeg, MB
R3C 2X7
Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans
Privacy & Legislation
Insurance Fraud & Abuse
Sitemap
®*The Blue Cross symbol and name, Colour of Caring and mybluecross are registered marks of the Canadian Association of Blue Cross Plans, independently licensed by Manitoba Blue Cross. *†Blue Shield is a registered trade-mark of the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association.