http://www.lormfg.com/privacy
You are hereHome » Privacy
Privacy
We at LOR Manufacturing Company, INC. and our affiliates ("LOR")
are committed to respecting your online privacy and recognize
your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally
identifiable information ("Personal Information")
you share with us.
LOR has established this Online Privacy Policy so that you can
understand the care with which we intend to treat your Personal
Information.
Personal Information means any information that may be used
to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first
and last name, a home or other physical address and an email
address or other contact information, whether at work or at home.
In general, you can visit LOR's Web pages without telling us
who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.
If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information on
the Web, we may transfer that Information within LOR or to LOR's
third-party service providers, across borders, and from your
country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around
the world.
LOR strives to comply with all applicable laws around the globe
that are designed to protect your privacy. Although legal requirements
may vary from country to country, LOR intends to adhere to the
principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy even if, in
connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information
from your country to countries that may not require an "adequate" level
of protection for your Personal Information. In other words,
our goal is to provide protection for your Personal Information
no matter where that Personal Information is collected, transferred,
or retained.
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
Some of our Web pages utilize "cookies" and other tracking technologies.
A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example,
to collect information about Web site activity. Some cookies
and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information
previously indicated by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to
control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and
how to remove them.
Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet
domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser
software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and
dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies
and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web
site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information
that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.
To protect your privacy, we have adopted the following principles:
Notice
Choice
Security
Access/Accuracy
Notice
Where LOR collects Personal Information on the web, we intend
to post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information
will be collected and whether we plan to share such Personal
Information outside of LOR or those working on LOR's behalf.
LOR does not intend to transfer Personal Information without
your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on LOR's
behalf unless such transfer is legally required.
Choice
You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information
to LOR. The notice we intend to provide where LOR collects Personal
Information on the Web should help you to make this choice. If
you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request,
you can still visit most of LOR's Web sites, but you may be unable
to access certain options, offers, and services that involve
our interaction with you.
If you chose to have a relationship with LOR, such as a contractual
or other business relationship or partnership, we will naturally
continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship.
Security
Wherever your Personal Information may be held within LOR or
on its behalf, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps
to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from
unauthorized access or disclosure.
Access/Accuracy
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information,
LOR wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where we
collect Personal Information from you on the Web, our goal is
to provide a means of contacting LOR should you need to update
or correct that Information. If for any reason those means are
unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections
about your Personal Information to support@lormfg.com
and we will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes in
your Personal Information that we hold as soon as practicable.
Third Party Services
Third parties provide certain services available on LORmfg.com on
LOR's behalf. LOR may provide information, including Personal
Information, that LOR collects on the Web to third-party service
providers to help us deliver programs, products, information,
and services. Service providers are also an important means by
which LOR maintains its Web site and mailing lists. LOR will
take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service
providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on LOR's
behalf.
LOR does not intend to transfer Personal Information without
your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on LOR's
behalf unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it
is against LOR's policy to sell Personal Information collected
online without consent.
Children's Privacy
LORmfg.com is not structured to attract children. Accordingly, we
do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we
know to be under 13 years of age.
Commitment
We are committed to privacy and, through our membership in the
Online Privacy Alliance, are actively involved in and support
current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights
on the Internet. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving
area, and LOR's Web sites are constantly evolving to meet these
demands.
If you have any comments or questions regarding our Online Privacy
Policy, please contact us at admin@lormfg.com. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue
to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.
Your Consent
By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online
Privacy Policy and to LOR's processing of Personal Information
for the purposes given above as well as those explained where
LOR collects Personal Information on the Web. Should the Online
Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step
to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by
posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable
period of time.
v.2.1
22 July 2013
Search
Search
Latest News
LXH Series
LOR Manufacturing Company, Inc. is pleased to announce the release of its latest line of Industrial Radio Remote Controls; The...Read more
LXR Series
LOR Manufacturing Company, Inc. is pleased to announce the release of its latest line of Industrial Radio Remote Controls; The...Read more
LXT Series
The LOR fleX Transmitter (LXT) was designed with a wide range of industrial applications in mind. The compact design fits...Read more
Product Quick Jump
-Select Product Line-
LCM J1939 Control Module
LDC J1939 Controller
LXM J1939 Control Module
PDC Series
PDC-X Series
Industrial Conveyor Magnets
Apollo C/H Series
Apollo Mini Series
Apollo Mini-S Series
Apollo Series
Cupid Series
Futaba FRD-1201U
Futaba FRN-0602U
LDA-Rx Series
LDA Series
LDA-Tx Series
LGR Series
LHT Series
LXG Series
LXH Series
LXL System
LXR Series
LXT Series
Products
Radios
LXG
LXL
LXR
LXT
LXH
LGR
LDA
LHT
LDT
FRN
Apollo Series
Cupid Series
Controllers
LDC
LCM
LXM
Digital Tachometers
PDC X Series
PDC Series
PDC J1939 Series
Industrial Magnets
Are You Ready?
If you like what you've seen so far, get in touch with us today to find out how we can help you!
Phone: 866.644.8622Fax: 888.524.6292
Email Us!
Name *
Email *
How did you hear about us?GoogleBingYahoo!Customer ReferralTrade ShowThomasNetOther...
Referral Other...
Trade Show Name
Message *
Acceptance *
Accept
By submitting this from you agree to a) our terms and b) be contacted by a representative of LOR Manufacturing.
Leave this field blank
Copyright © 2020, LOR Manufacturing Company, Inc.
Home
Products
What We Do
Downloads
About Us
Service & Support
Contact Us
Disclaimer
Privacy
Sitemap
con