http://www.novusglass.com/us/en/privacy-policy
Home
Why Novus
About us
Our Story
Newsroom
Franchise Opportunities
Careers
Gallery
List of all locations
Services
Auto Glass
Windshield Repair
Windshield Replacement
Fleet Accounts
&
Insurance Claims
Commercial Glass
Residential Glass
Products & Other Services
Find A Location
NOVUS Hub
United States
CanadaEnglishFrançais  SpainEnglishEspañol  Australia  Ireland  New Zealand
Country | Language
Canada (English)  Canada (Français)  United States  Spain (English)  Spain (Español)  Australia  Ireland  New Zealand
Contact NOVUS Glass
1-800-77-NOVUS
United States
CanadaEnglishFrançais  SpainEnglishEspañol  Australia  Ireland  New Zealand
Privacy Policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. The purpose of this privacy policy is to disclose to you the type of personal information we gather, how we gather it, what we use it for, and inform you of the choices that you have in our use of your personal information. By using our website you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data, content and information described below are collectively referred to as “Information.”
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act is legislation enacted by the Canadian government. The Act outlines the way we may legally use your personal information and we fully adhere to it. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of those communications, or update your account settings information.
Personal information we collect
The types of personal information that we may collect from you from time to time includes:
your name;
your address;
your telephone number;
your e-mail address.
We collect personal information in a number of ways, for example:
(i) when you enter various contests that we conduct;
(ii) when you visit our website or one of our shops for an estimate;
(iii) when you contact us to ask questions.
We also collect what can be called “anonymous/aggregated” Information. We collect such Information via the following methods:
Browser information (i.e. the URL of the web page you were just on, the IP address of the computer you are using, your domain type and your browser version). Browser information is automatically recorded as part of transmitting Information over the Internet. We may use it to help us display information in the best format for you.
Cookies. Our website uses “cookies”. A cookie is a small text file sent to your browser’s files for our reference. No one else can read this file. Cookies allow our server computer to recognize you when you return to the site, so we can retain any preferences you may have selected. We also use cookies to collect Information and improve our services. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your user ID and login password for future logins to the website. We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the website, to better understand how you interact with the website and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the website. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the website, such as the estimate generator.
“Clickstream” Data. During your visit to our site, we may record choices you have made and use this to provide more customized content or advertising. The data does not identify you and is not retained after your visit. This is sometimes called “clickstream” data. If we do market research studies or polls in any area that will only be reported in aggregate, this will be indicated.
Why do we collect your personal Information
We collect your personal Information for one or both of the following purposes: (i) to provide product, service or any other information you requested; or (ii) to send you information about our products and services and special offers that may be of interest to you.
Control of your Information
You always have the option to instruct us not to use your personal Information. See “Contact us” below to provide us with your current instructions as to what personal Information we can and cannot use.
Visiting a third party website via a link from our own website
In some instances, advertisers advertise on our website and you may visit their websites by directly linking to those websites from our website. If you choose to provide personal Information when you visit those websites please remember that the privacy provisions that the third party has will govern your relationship with them and our privacy policy will not apply.
Our policy regarding sharing of Information
Our policy is simple: we never sell or rent your personal Information to any third parties under any circumstances (though we may transfer it to our international headquarters since some of the Information we may provide you about our products, services and special offers that may be of interest to you are sometimes sent via our international headquarters).
Our policy toward children
Our website is not directed to persons under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable Information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@fixnetwork.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 years of age has provided us with personal Information, we will take steps to delete such Information from our files.
Changes in our privacy policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting any updated policies on this page. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Contact us
If you have any questions pertaining to your personal Information, you may contact us at privacy@fixnetwork.com, or at the following address:
Fix Automotive Network
99 Émilien-Marcoux, Suite #101
Blainville, Québec
J7C 0B4