http://www.leye.com/terms-of-use/
RestaurantsDelivery & PickupFrequent Diner ClubGift CardsEvent LineupPrivate PartiesIn The KnowAbout LettuceCareersConsultingMystery Diner ProgramContact Us773-878-7340Download Our iOS AppDownload Our Android AppNewsletter Signup Subscribe Now
Stay ConnectedFacebookInstagramTwitterSnapchat
COVID-19 HEALTH AND SAFETY,
GIFT CARD HOLIDAY OFFER, AND MORE
Beginning on Friday, October 30, we will not be seating our indoor dining rooms due to the Governor's restrictions in the Chicago area. We will continue to offer Carry Out and Delivery and have heated outdoor spaces available for dining, weather permitting.
Gift Card Holiday Offer 2020
Now through December 30, we are offering a FREE $25 Holiday Bonus for every $100 in Gift Cards you buy. Lettuce Gift cards NEVER expire, and the Holiday Bonus are VALID EVERY YEAR from January 2 - April 15. Plus, Gift Cards and the Holiday Bonus can be used for carryout orders placed directly through our restaurants. Thank you for supporting our restaurants and our staff during these challenging times. We are so grateful.
Buy Gift Cards & Shop Local This Holiday Season
We’re Making Dining Indoors Safer
As the temperatures drop and dining moves indoors, our top priority remains providing a safe, clean, and healthy experience.
That is why we are excited to implement technology developed by AIRPHX (pronounced “air-fix”) into all of our restaurants nationwide by mid November. After extensive research and on the advice of experts, we've concluded that this is the best system for us.
Here’s how it works
AIRPHX features “cold plasma” chambers intended to kill harmful airborne and surface organisms throughout the day. Used in hospitals, healthcare facilities, Olympic training centers, universities, police and fire stations, and casinos, it eliminates 90-98% of influenza, coronavirus, norovirus, hepatitis, salmonella, listeria, e.coli, and over 30 common bacteria and viruses both in the air and on other surfaces.
This is just one more important step that we are taking to continue improving health and safety measures in our restaurants, and we want to thank you for your continued confidence in us.
To our valued guests,
Thank you to all who have been dining with us and plan on dining with us in the future. We are making two changes to our health and safety procedures to continue to protect both our guests and employees. These new protocols are intended to provide an additional layer of protection and greater peace of mind to everyone whom we welcome through our doors.
Consistent with the CDC’s recognition of temperature screening as an optional strategy to help to prevent the spread of COVID-19, we will be temperature checking all dine-in guests at our full-service restaurants.
Upon arrival, all guests will have their temperature taken with an infra-red, no contact thermometer. If a guest’s temperature is over (>) 100°F, the guest will not be permitted to enter but will be offered alternative accommodations, such as an order to go, or a reservation for another time.Guests who wish to may wait 15 minutes outside the restaurant for a second temperature check but will not be offered a third temperature check.
The City of Chicago and Cook County have issued emergency travel orders directing travelers entering or returning to Chicago from states experiencing a surge in new COVID-19 cases to quarantine for a 14-day period from the time of leaving the identified state.
In support of these efforts, we will be asking all dine-in guests at our Chicago and Cook County restaurants whether they have traveled to any of the locations that are on the current travel restriction list within the prior 14 days.
If you confirm that you should be quarantined as a result of the travel restrictions, you will not be permitted to enter but we are happy to offer alternative accommodations, such as an order to go, or a reservation for another time.In the event travel restrictions are issued in other locations where we do business, we will do the same.
As a reminder, you must wear a face mask when entering, exiting, and moving around the restaurant, removing your mask while you are seated. If you are experiencing any COVID-19 symptoms, we kindly request that you join us another day when you are feeling better.
Thank you for your continued support and for doing your part to keep everyone in our restaurants safe and healthy.
Download the full Lettuce Entertain You Health and Safety Guide
Posted on June, 4 2020.
We haven’t said a lot these past few days. We stand unequivocally with Black Americans and the tens of thousands of people of conscience demanding that we live up to our values as a nation.
But it is the voices of those who have suffered the injuries of systemic racism that must be heard right now.
We are listening intently.
As we face the indisputable truth that we can do better, we reflect on how we can best drive meaningful change within our own organization and communities.
We are starting with a thorough review of our corporate giving strategies to ensure that we are focused on efforts to eliminate social injustice and improve lives in Black communities and communities of People of Color.
We are making an immediate contribution to the NAACP LDF.
Through litigation, advocacy, and public education, LDF seeks structural changes to expand democracy, eliminate disparities, and achieve racial justice in a society that fulfills the promise of equality for all Americans.
We know that actions speak louder than words and that we have a lot of work to do.
It's a start.
We pledge to move with deliberate speed and look forward to reporting back to you on our efforts.
R.J. Melman
President
CloseTerms of UsePLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY.Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“LEYE,” “we,” or “us”), require that all visitors to this Web site and/or our mobile web Site and our Mobile LettuceEats iOS and Android apps are controlled by LEYE (the “Site”) adhere to the following terms and conditions of use. By accessing and using the Site, you agree, on your own behalf and on behalf of any corporation or other legal entity that you represent or for which you access the Site (your “Company”), to be bound by and comply with the following terms and conditions of use (these “Terms”) and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these Terms, you are not authorized to use the Site.1. CHANGES TO THESE TERMS AND THE SITEWe may change these Terms at any time, and all such changes are effective immediately upon notice, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of these Terms or other notice on the Site. You should view these Terms often to stay informed of changes that may affect you. Your use of the Site constitutes your continuing agreement to be bound by these Terms, as they are amended from time to time. We expressly reserve the right to make any changes that we deem appropriate from time to time to the Site or to any information, text, data, databases, graphics, images, sound recordings, audio and visual clips, logos, software, opportunities, features, services, and other materials within the Site (all such materials, and any compilation, collection, or arrangement thereof, the “Content”).2. PRIVACY POLICYInformation that you provide to us or that we collect about you and your Company through your access to and use of the Site is subject to our Privacy Policy, the terms of which are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms. We encourage you to read and become familiar with our Privacy Policy.3. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTYYou understand and agree that we own, or (where applicable) we have lawfully licensed from third parties, all right, title, and interest in and to the Site and all of the Content. You acknowledge and agree that the Content constitutes valuable proprietary information that is protected by applicable intellectual property and other proprietary rights, laws, and treaties of the United States and other countries, and that you acquire no ownership interest by accessing or using the Site or the Content. Such intellectual property and proprietary rights may include, but are not limited to, copyrights, trademarks and service marks, trade dress, and trade secrets, and all such rights are the property of LEYE or its licensors and content providers.4. LICENSE TO ACCESS AND USE4.1 You may access and use this Site only for your personal use (or, if accessing the Site on behalf of a Company, only your Company’s own internal use). Any other access to or use of the Site or the Content constitutes a violation of these Terms and may violate applicable copyright, trademark, or other laws. We make no representation that Site or Content is appropriate or available for use in locations other than the United States. If you choose to access this Site from locations other than in the United States, you do so at your own initiative, at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with applicable local laws.4.2 You may not access, use, or copy any portion of the Site or of the Content through the use of bots, spiders, scrapers, web crawlers, indexing agents, or other automated devices or mechanisms. You agree not to remove or modify any copyright notice or trademark legend, author attribution, or other notice placed on or contained within any of the Content. Except as expressly authorized by us in writing, in no event will you reproduce, redistribute, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, or exploit for any commercial purpose any portion of the Site or the Content or any access to or use of the Site or the Content.5. RESTRICTIONS ON ACCESS5.1 You represent and agree that all information that you provide to us in connection with your access to and use of the Site is true, accurate, and complete to the best of your knowledge and belief. LEYE reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of the Site, without notice or liability, for any reason, including, but not limited to: (a) the unauthorized use of any username or password; or (b) the breach of any agreement between you and LEYE, including, without limitation, these Terms. Following any such termination of access, you will continue to be bound hereunder to the fullest extent applicable.5.2 Upon being notified that your access is terminated, you must destroy any materials you have obtained from the Site. You may not access the Site after your access is terminated without our written approval. After terminating your access, LEYE will retain all rights, including all intellectual property rights, proprietary rights, and licenses retained in these Terms, and the limitations upon your use and treatment of Content will remain in full force.6. USER CONDUCTIn connection with your access and use of the Site and that of any person authorized by you to access and use the Site, you are responsible for complying with all applicable laws, regulations, and policies of all relevant jurisdictions, including all applicable local rules regarding online conduct. Specifically, in connection with your use of the Site, neither you nor the Company may cause or permit any person to do any of the following:(a) use the Site or Content for any unlawful purpose;(b) use the Site to post or transmit any material that contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, malware, adware, or other computer programming routines that may damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, data, or personal information;(c) impose an unreasonably or disproportionately large load on the Site or otherwise interfere with or inhibit any other user of this Site from using or enjoying the Site;(d) use the Site to post or transmit any unlawful, fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, profane, threatening, abusive, hateful, offensive, harassing, or otherwise objectionable information of any kind;(e) use the Site to post or transmit any information which is invasive of another’s privacy or publicity rights or that otherwise violates or infringes in any way upon the rights of others; and(f) use the Site to post or transmit any advertisements, solicitations, chain letters, pyramid schemes, investment opportunities or schemes, or other unsolicited commercial communication.7. SUBMISSIONS7.1 By disclosing or offering any information to us, including comments, computer files, documents, graphics, suggestions, ideas, or other information (each, a “Submission”), either through your use of the Site or otherwise, you authorize LEYE to make such copies thereof as we deem necessary, including to facilitate the posting and storage of the Submission on the Site. By making a Submission, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to LEYE an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, adapt, publish, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate, excerpt (in whole or in part) and distribute such Submission for any purpose, commercial, advertising, or otherwise, on or in connection with the Site or the promotion thereof, to prepare derivative works of, or incorporate into other works, such Submission, and to grant and authorize sublicenses of the foregoing.7.2 By making a Submission, you represent that you have all requisite rights to, and are authorized to disclose, all of the information contained in the Submission. You are fully responsible for any Submission you make and for the legality, reliability, appropriateness, and originality thereof.7.3 If you own copyrights in a work and believe that your intellectual property rights in that work have been infringed by an improper posting or distribution of it via this Site, please see the section below titled “Copyright Policy.”8. SECURITYLEYE takes such commercially reasonable measures as it deems appropriate to secure and protect information transmitted to and from the Site. Nevertheless, we cannot and do not guarantee that any such transmissions are or will be totally secure. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any information about you, including any username and any password used in connection with your use of the Site. LEYE will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from the unauthorized use of your username or password.9. HYPERLINKS9.1 This Site may include hyperlinks to other websites which are not maintained by LEYE. We are not responsible for the content of such external websites and we make no representations whatsoever concerning the content or accuracy of, opinions expressed in, or other links provided by such websites. The inclusion of any hyperlink to external websites does not imply endorsement by LEYE of those websites or any products or services referred to therein. The terms of service and privacy policies applicable to external websites may be different from those applicable to our Site. If you decide to access any external website through a link within our Site, you do so entirely at your own risk, and LEYE will have no liability for any loss or damage arising from your access or use of any external website. Since LEYE is not responsible for the availability of these websites, or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding an external website to the administrator of that website. You agree that you will bring no suit or claim against us arising from or based upon any such use of external websites. Hyperlinks to other websites that are provided on the Site are note intended to imply that: (a) we are affiliated or associated with any external website; or (b) any linked site is authorized to use any of our trademarks, trade names, logos, or copyrights.9.2 Images of the LEYE logo can only be used for linking purposes and can only be made with our express written permission. By linking to the Site, you agree that you will not misrepresent your relationship with us or present false or misleading impressions about us. No hyperlinks to the Site may be used in a manner that implies or suggests that LEYE approves or endorses you, your website, or your goods and services. We will have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website. No hyperlink may appear on any page on your website or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene, or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.9.3 We reserve the right, at any time and in our sole discretion, to request that you remove from your website all hyperlinks or any particular hyperlink to the Site. We may at any time, in our sole discretion, with or without cause, withdraw the permission granted herein to use the LEYE logo and your right to link to any pages on the Site. Upon our request, you agree to immediately remove all hyperlinks to the Site and to cease using the LEYE logo for linking purposes. Thereafter, your posting of any future hyperlinks to the Site will require the our express written permission.10. USE OF TRADEMARKSExcept for the limited permission to use the LEYE logo as set forth in these Terms, you may not, without our express written permission, use any of LEYE trademarks or service marks for any other purpose.11. DISCLAIMERTHE USE OF THIS SITE BY YOU AND YOUR COMPANY IS AT YOUR AND ITS SOLE RISK. ACCORDINGLY, THE SITE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED AND EXCLUDED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. SPECIFICALLY, LEYE AND ITS AFFILIATES AND CONTENT-PROVIDERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT: (a) THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; (b) THAT THE USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY SUCH THIRD PARTY WEBSITE WILL ALLOW YOU TO OBTAIN ANY PARTICULAR RESULTS WHATSOEVER; (c) THE CONTENT OR ANY INFORMATION, SERVICE OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED THROUGH THIS SITE OR ANY THIRD PARTY WEBSITE ARE OR WILL BE ACCURATE, CURRENT, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, OR OF ANY PARTICULAR VALUE OR QUALITY; (d) THAT ANY DEFECTS IN THE SITE OR IN THE CONTENT WILL BE CORRECTED; OR (e) THAT THE SITE AND THE CONTENT ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER DISABLING DEVICES OR HARMFUL COMPONENTS.12. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY12.1 In no event will LEYE, its contractors, suppliers, content-providers, and other similar entities, and the officers, directors, employees, representatives, and agents of each of the foregoing (collectively, our “Contractors”), be liable to you, your Company, or any third party for any losses or damages, alleged under any legal theory, arising out of or in connection with: (a) your use of, or reliance on, the Site or the Content; (b) our performance of or failure to perform our obligations in connection with these Terms; (c) the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users of the Site or of third parties; or (d) your purchase or use of any goods or services provided by third parties.12.2 Under no circumstances will LEYE or our Contractors be liable to you, your Company, or any third party for any indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, special, or similar damages or costs (including, but not limited to, lost profits or data, loss of goodwill, loss of or damage to property, loss of use, business interruption, and claims of third parties) arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the use of the Site or the Content, or the transmission of information to or from the Site over the Internet, even if we were advised, knew, or should have known of the possibility of such damages or costs. In a jurisdiction that does not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for certain damages, the liability of LEYE and the Contractors will be limited in accordance with these Terms to the extent permitted by law.12.3 Without limiting any of the foregoing, if LEYE or any of the Contractors is found liable to you or to any third party as a result of any claims or other matters arising under or in connection with these Terms, the Site, or your use of the Site, the maximum liability for all such claims and other matters will not exceed $100 in any calendar year.13. INDEMNIFICATION13.1 You agree to defend and indemnify LEYE, and our officers, directors, employees, representatives, and agents, against all claims, demands, suits, or other proceedings, and all resulting loss, damage, liability, cost, and expense (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), made by any third party arising out of: (a) content, data, or information that you submit, post to, or transmit through the Site; (b) your access to and use of the Content, the Site, and other materials, products, and services available on or through the Site and LEYE; (c) your violation of these Terms; (d) your violation of any rights of any third party; (e) your website; and (f) any unauthorized use of a username, password, or account number. We reserve, and you grant to us, the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.14. JURISDICTIONThese Terms will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois. Each of you and your Company submits to personal jurisdiction in Illinois, and any cause of action arising under these Terms or otherwise involving this Site will be brought exclusively in a court in Cook County, Illinois.The Site is controlled and operated by LEYE from within the United States of America, and is intended for use only by residents of the United States and Canada. LEYE makes no representations or warranties that the Content or the Site is appropriate or lawful in any foreign countries, or that any items or applications offered for sale or download through links on the Sites will be available outside the United States or Canada. Those who choose to access the Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. You may not use or export or re-export any content downloaded from the Site or any copy or adaptation of such content, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation United States export laws and regulations.15. WAIVER OF JURY TRIALYOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL IN ANY ACTIONS, SUITS, OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS AND THE MATTERS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY..16. MISCELLANEOUS16.1 These Terms and the Privacy Policy (as each may be revised and amended from time to time according to their respective terms) collectively constitute the entire agreement with respect to your access to and use of the Site and the Content.16.2 Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copy of these Terms will be deemed to be the true, complete, valid, authentic, and enforceable copy, and you agree that you will not contest the admissibility or enforceability of our copy of these Terms in connection with any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to these Terms.16.3 Any provisions of these Terms that are reasonably inferable to have been intended to survive termination (including, but not limited to, any provisions regarding limitation of our liability or indemnification) will continue in effect beyond any such termination of access to this Site.16.4 These Terms do not confer any rights, remedies, or benefits upon any person other than you.16.5 We may assign our rights and duties under these Terms at any time to any third party without notice. You may not assign these Terms without our prior written consent.16.6 Our waiver of any breach of these Terms will not be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach thereof.16.7 If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be stricken and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.16.8 Possible evidence of use of the Site for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities.16.9 Discontinuation of use of this Site is your sole right and remedy for any dissatisfaction with the Site or any of the Content.17. FREQUENT DINER CLUB – TERMS OF USEValid for food and liquor at participating Lettuce Entertain You restaurants. May not be redeemed on Saturday night at any restaurant. May not be redeemed on Friday nights at Everest, Tru, or Eiffel Tower (restaurants subject to change). May not be redeemed on New Year’s Eve, Valentine’s Day, Mother’s Day, or Thanksgiving. May not be redeemed for tax, gratuity, private parties, banquets, catering or delivery. May not be redeemed for cash or combined with other offers, promotions, or certificates. Points cannot be credited to a corporation or business. Participant’s privileges may be rescinded at any time. Restaurants may be added or withdrawn without notice.18. OTHER AGREEMENTSIf you have entered into a separate agreement with LEYE with respect to your use of the Site or any Content, that agreement will supersede these Terms to the extent they are in conflict.19. QUESTIONSPlease contact us with any questions regarding the Site or these Terms at:Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises, Inc.
5419 N. Sheridan Rd.
Chicago, IL 60640
Telephone: 773-878-7340
Email: pr@leye.comBy accessing and using the site, you agree to be bound by these terms & the privacy policy
Lettuce Consulting Group
Grow Your Business
Learn More
Career Opportunities
Join Our Team
Search Jobs
Latest Articles
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Sign Up Now
We use cookies to provide the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our site you agree to this policy.OKRead Our Updated Privacy Policy
-
Free $25 Holiday Bonus for every $100 in gift cards you buy.
Buy Now.