https://www.hydraulic-components.net/privacy-policy
0114 276 4430
My Account
Register
Login
Special Offers
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We don’t share your information with
any third parties, except our sister company Neilson Hydraulics.
If you make an enquiry through our
website (by filling in a form or emailing us directly), we will store your
enquiry in our CRM system to allow us to respond to your enquiry as effectively
as possible. If you consent to us contacting you via email, post or
telephone/SMS, we will hold your contact information in our email marketing
platform (if email contact consent was given).
We store your information to ensure
you’re kept updated with relevant news, complimentary services, new product
information, events, special offers and promotions.
If you wish to withdraw your consent
at any time, and don’t want us to contact you in the future, that’s no problem.
Simply call, email or write to us, and we will ensure you are removed from our
contact databases. If you wish to see a copy of the information we hold on
you/your organisation, please contact our DPO (Data Protection Officer) at VHS
Hydraulic Components Ltd.
VHS Hydraulic Components Ltd
Unit 2
Carley
Drive
Sheffield
S20
8NQ
Please address any data protection
queries FAO: Data Protection Officer at the address above.
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies to store
information on your computer. These cookies are used to track visits to our
site, and help us improve our website by giving us insights into how the site
is used by our visitors.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that
are placed on your computer by the websites that you visit. They are widely
used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to
provide information to the owners of the site. The use of cookies is now
standard for most websites. If you are uncomfortable with the use of cookies,
you can manage and control them through your browser, including removing
cookies by deleting them from your ‘browser history’ (cache) when you leave the
site.
Types of cookie:
‘Session’ cookies remain in your
browser during your browser session only, i.e. until you leave the website.
‘Persistent’ cookies remain in your
browser after the session (unless deleted by you).
‘Performance’ cookies collect
information about your use of the website, such as webpages visited and any
error messages; they do not collect personally identifiable information, and
the information collected is aggregated such that it is anonymous. Performance
cookies are used to improve how a website works.
‘Functionality’ cookies allow the
website to remember any choices you make about the website (such as changes to
text size, customised pages) or enable services such as commenting on a blog.
Use of cookies by VHS Hydraulic
Components Ltd: The following explains the way in which we use cookies on this
website.
Cookie
Google Analytics
Name
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
Purpose
These cookies are used to collect
information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile
reports and to help us improve our website. The cookies collect information
anonymously, including the number of visitors to the site, how visitors have
come to the site and the pages they visited.
Type
Session & persistent.
By using our website, you agree that
we can place these cookies on your computer/device for the above purposes.