https://www.tminductionheating.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer
WHAT KIND OF DATA DO WE COLLECT?
Visitors of our website provide us with specific types of data, including personal data relating to them. We only collect, store and use personal data of our website visitors if this data is directly provided by them (for example by using our contact form), or if it is clear that the personal data is being provided to us in order to process it. We will not use your personal data for any other goals, unless you have given us permission to do so or if we are legally obliged or allowed to do so.
We process the personal data of our website visitors for the following purposes:
to grant access to the website https://www.tminductionheating.com;
to use the different features of our website;
to contact you, in case you have requested us to do so;
to gain insight in the use of our website;
to improve and evaluate our website and services;
to make the internet offer more interesting for you by offering personal advertisements via different channels; and
to enable you to share our webpages on different social media channels.
We will not store your personal data longer than necessary in order to achieve the purposes as named within this privacy- and cookie policy.
CONFIDENTIALITY & SECURITY
We will not provide your personal data to any third parties for direct marketing purposes of these parties. We will not provide your personal data to any other party, unless this is necessary for execution of an agreement or if we are legally obliged or allowed to do so.
We take security measures to limit and prevent misuse of and unauthorized access to your personal data. We ensure that only authorized people have access to your personal data, and that access to your personal data is being controlled.
COOKIES
This website uses cookies. Cookies are small information files that can be automatically stored on your device while you are visiting a website. This is done through the web browser on your device. The information that can be transmitted by a cookie, over the use of our website, can be transferred to secured servers.
We use cookies on our website to:
offer the functionalities on our website and to protect it (technical or functional cookies);
analyse and improve the use of our website (analytics cookies);
make the internet offer more interesting for you by displaying advertisements that fit your interests and that enable you to share our webpages on different social media channels (advertisement & social media cookies).
COOKIE TYPES
Technical or functional cookies
Some cookies ensure the functioning of specific features of our website and allow your user preferences to be remembered. These types of cookies can be used to correctly display fonts and remember your user session on the webserver. The technical/functional cookie we use on our website is located under www.tminductionheating.com.
Analytics cookies
Cookies from Google Analytics provides us with insight about the use of our website, to offer us reports about the website and to provide us with information about the effectivity of our campaigns. The information we obtain will, together with the address of your computer (IP address), be transferred to Google and will be stored by Google on servers within the United States of America. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Google regarding the processing of collected data. We have not permitted Google to use the obtained information for any of the other Google Services. Google is, however, able to provide information to third parties in case Google is legally obliged to do so, or if these third parties process the information on behalf of Google. We have no further influence on this. More information about the processing of personal data by Google Analytics can be found within the privacy policy of Google.
Advertisement & social media cookies
Below is an overview of the cookies used on this website, for which we ask your consent. Some cookies are used by us, while other cookies are used by third parties. We do not control those third parties and how they deal with your personal data. For more information about how these third parties interact with their cookies, please read the specific privacy policy from the third parties.
Double Click (Google): privacy policy of Google
Double Click Bid Manager (Google): privacy policy of Google
Facebook Connect: privacy policy of Facebook
Google Adwords Conversion: privacy policy of Google
Google Dynamic Remarketing: privacy policy of Google
Google+ Platform: privacy policy of Google
Twitter Button: privacy policy of Twitter
EN- AND DISABLING OF COOKIES
You can prevent the placement of cookies by adjusting the browser settings. Most websites do not function optimally when cookies are disabled.
REMOVAL OF COOKIES
Most cookies have an expiration date. They will automatically expire after a certain period and no longer register any data concerning your visit of the website. To remove the cookies manually (before the expiration date), please consult the instruction manual of your browser.
WEBSITES OF THIRD PARTIES
This privacy- and cookie policy is not applicable on websites of third parties that are connected with our website. We cannot guarantee that these third parties handle your personal data in a reliable and safe way.
OPT OUT AND COOKIES
As a consumer, you have the right to opt-out of the use of your data or request insights in what personal data is stored. In case you have provided us with your personal data, you can send us a request to see, adjust, transfer or delete this personal data. This request can be filed by sending an e-mail to privacy@tminductionheating.com.
AMENDMENTS OF OUR PRIVACY- AND COOKIE POLICY
We reserve the right to amend this privacy- and cookie policy. Amended versions will be published on this website. It is recommended to consult this privacy- and cookie policy frequently, so that you are aware of any amendments.
NATIONAL SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY
We can help you if you have any complaints about our processing of your personal data. Based on privacy legislation, you have the right to submit a complaint with the Dutch national supervisory authority responsible for the protection of personal data (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens) against our processing of your personal data. In order to do so, you can contact the Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens.
QUESTIONS?
If you have privacy concerns about our processing of your personal data via our website, feel free to get in touch with us at privacy@tminductionheating.com.
Footer
TM Induction heating was founded in 1992.
LinkedIn
YouTube
Company
Company Story
News Blog
Privacy Policy
Support Request
Contact Us
Induction Heaters
SURETHERM
Easyheat
Easytherm
Certifications
ISO 9001:2015
TÜV
CE
We use cookies to deliver the best possible web experience. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Privacy PolicyI Agree