http://www.budget-blinds-franchise.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Updated August 10, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes the information, privacy and security practices for the URL https://franchise.budgetblinds.com the “Site”) and certain other communications sent out by Budget Blinds, LLC ("Budget Blinds"). This Policy describes:
The information we collect and how we collect it;
What we do with information we collect;
Information sharing and disclosure;
How we protect information;
Users from outside the United States;
Children;
Changes to this privacy policy;
How to contact us.
Please understand that we respect your privacy interests, and that by continuing to use the Site, or by using any of our services, you consent to the practices and policies listed here.
The information we collect and how we collect it.
The information we gather from visitors to the Site enables us to personalize and improve our services, and to better assist you when you visit our Site again. We collect the following types of information from our visitors:
Information You Provide to UsWe collect and store information you enter on our Site or otherwise provide to us. This may include your name, mailing address, email address, zip or postal code, and telephone number. The information you provide is used for such purposes as responding to your requests for certain products, services and information, identifying you, and communicating with you about specials and new products and opportunities. We may exchange your information with our subsidiaries, parent company or affiliates to present you with retargeting advertising. Of course, you can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of some of the services offered through the Site.
Information Collected Automatically We collect and store certain information whenever you visit our Site, which may include your IP address, the address of the Website that you came from before visiting our Site, which Web browser you used to view our Site, information from our browser cookie, and the page you requested. We also collect generic usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Site and its pages. We only use this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. This aggregate data tells us how often visitors come to the Site or use our services so that we can enhance the Site and improve our services.
CookiesOur site uses “cookie” technology. A cookie is a small data file that a website may send to your web browser and store on your computer or device. Our Site uses cookies to let us “remember” information about your preferences and sessions and allow you to move within areas of our Site without reintroducing yourself. No personally identifiable information is stored in these cookies. Most browsers have an option to not accept cookies at all, or to give you a choice as to whether to accept each new cookie in a variety of ways. If you set your browser to not accept cookies you can still view our Site; however, we suggest that you accept cookies in order to take advantage of some of our Site's features.
How We Respond to a "Do Not Track" Signal from Your BrowserDo Not Track (DNT) is a still-not-yet finalized concept by which Internet users may choose to control the collection of personally identifiable information about the user’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. Currently, various browsers offer an option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to websites visited by the browser user about the user's DNT preference. You can usually access your browser's DNT option in your browser's tools or preferences. Internet industry groups and regulators have been working to develop a uniform standard for how websites and online services should respond to browser DNT signals. No consensus has been reached on the final standard, and without an industry standard for DNT, users cannot know how any given website responds to a browser DNT signal. We take privacy and security very seriously. However, due to the absence of a browser DNT signal standard, and the lack of a consensus on how websites should interpret a DNT signal at this time, we currently do not respond to browser DNT signals.
What We Do With the Information We Collect
We use the information that we collect for the following purposes:
For the purposes for which you provided it;
To send you information about our products, services, or other items;
To process and respond to your inquiries;
To generate and review reports and data about our user base and Site usage;
To analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability and popularity of our Site;
To improve the content and features of our Site;;
To allow us to personalize the content and advertising that you see on our Site;
To enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Site;
To administer and troubleshoot the Site.
As noted above, we may aggregate and/or anonymize information collected by the Site or via other means so that the information does not identify you. Our use and disclosure of aggregated, anonymized, and other non-personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose.
Email Communications & How to Opt OutWe may send email communications to you to inform you about specials, product updates, new products and/or information about the Budget Blinds franchise opportunity. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, you may "opt out" by e-mailing HFC at info@budgetblinds.com.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone. We will share your Personal Information only with our subsidiaries that are under our direct control, or as otherwise described below. If Budget Blinds, or its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Budget Blinds goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, visitor information would be one of the assets that may be transferred or acquired by a third party. By your continued use of this Site, you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and give your consent that any acquirer of Budget Blinds (or its assets) may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy. We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law (including court orders, subpoenas or other legal process that we receive); or to establish or protect the legal rights, property, or safety of Budget Blinds, our employees, or others, or to defend against legal claims. We may also disclose Personal Information when we believe it is appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. Except for the circumstances set forth above, you will be otherwise notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be given an opportunity to object to such sharing.
How We Protect Information
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. Despite our best efforts, however, no security measures are completely impenetrable.
Users From Outside the United States
Our Site is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting our Site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information could be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and are databases are operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States might be different from the laws in your country. By visiting our Site, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we may share it as described in this Policy.
Children
Our Site is not intended for persons under the age of 13. We require that our Site may be used only by persons 13 years of age or older. By continuing to visit our Site, you hereby represent that you are at least 13 years old.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used/collected. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement in this Privacy Policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Web site, please send an email to info@budgetblinds.com.
Budget Blinds, LLC uses cookies. Cookies help track user website behavior for functionality, analytics, and marketing and may share your information with third parties. By visiting this website you agree to our use of cookies. Find out more here.