https://www.makmax.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy/Terms of use
TOP > Privacy Policy/Terms of use
Privacy Policy
Taiyo Kogyo Corporation including its subsidiary and affiliate companies (hereinafter called “Taiyo Kogyo Group”) fully respects your rights to privacy and utilizes the following practices in regards to any information we are provided or obtain about users of this website.
In order to fulfill client transactions or provide service to you as a client of Taiyo Kogyo Group, we may require you to provide certain information to us. Common items may include, but are not limited to, your name, address, and/or phone number.
By providing this information to Taiyo Kogyo Group you are agreeing to allow us to utilize this information to complete all transactions you request through this website and to disclose that information and details of all such transactions to Taiyo Kogyo Group’s various offices, subsidiaries, affiliates and any necessary payment processors. Because of the nature of the Internet, such data may pass through any country.
Email
If you authorize us to send you promotional materials, we may do so using either the email or the mailing addresses you provided during your contact with your Taiyo Kogyo Group representative, or on the registration or billing information screens, where applicable.
From time to time we may notify you of special promotions, new products or services, or other information that may interest you. We do NOT share any information you provide to us, including your email and mail addresses, with any companies outside Taiyo Kogyo Group, its subsidiaries, affiliates or necessary payment processors.
Should you not wish to receive this type of information, you will be able to express this desire by clicking on the appropriate button or checkbox when first asked to respond to the issue, or by requesting a modification to your profile at any time thereafter — we will not send you information if you inform us you do not wish to receive such materials.
If you would like to revise the information provided to us, or feel that what we currently have on record is incorrect, you may request an update to the information by sending an email to Contact Us.
Terms of Use
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Taiyo Kogyo Corporation including its subsidiary and affiliate companies (hereinafter called “Taiyo Kogyo Group”) makes available for your use on this Web site (hereinafter called “this Site”) information, documents, software and products (hereinafter called “Content”) and various services (hereinafter called “Services”), subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this document (hereinafter called “Terms of Use”). By accessing this Site, you agree to the Terms of Use. Taiyo Kogyo Group reserves the right to change the Terms of Use from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this Site will be subject to the most current version of the Terms of Use posted on this Site at the time of such use. If you breach any of the Terms of Use, your authorization to use this Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any Content downloaded or printed from this Site.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
The Content and Services on this Site are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws of Japan and any other country or area of the competent jurisdiction. Any unauthorized use of the Content or Services at this Site may violate such laws. Except as expressly provided herein, Taiyo Kogyo Group and its suppliers DO NOT grant any express or implied right to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information with respect to the Content and Services.
Except as specifically permitted herein, NO PORTION of the information or documents on this Site may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of Taiyo Kogyo Group.
ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
You may view, download and print the documents and information available on this Site subject to the following conditions, unless expressly provided otherwise in a prior written agreement between you and Taiyo Kogyo Group.
The documents and information may be used solely for personal, informational, internal, non-commercial purposes.
The documents and information may not be modified or altered in any way.
The documents and information on this Site may not be distributed.
You may not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the documents and information.
Taiyo Kogyo Group reserves the right to revoke the authorization to view, download and print the documents and information available on this Site at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon written notice from Taiyo Kogyo Group.
The rights granted to you constitute a license and NOT a transfer of title.
The rights specified above to view, download and print the documents and information available on this Site are not applicable to the design or layout of this Site. Elements of this Site are protected by trade dress, trademark, unfair competition, and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMERS
Unless expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between you and Taiyo Kogyo Group, all Content and Services on this Site are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, or the warranty of non-infringement. Without limiting the foregoing, Taiyo Kogyo Group makes no warranty that (i) the Services and Content will meet your requirements, (ii) the Services and Content will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free, (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Services or Content will be effective, accurate or reliable, (iv) the quality of any products, services, or information purchased or obtained by you from this Site will meet your expectations, and (v) any errors in the software obtained from this Site will be corrected.
This Site could include technical or other errors, inaccuracies or typographical errors. Taiyo Kogyo Group may make changes to the Content and Services at this Site, including the prices and descriptions of any products or services listed herein, at any time without notice.
The Content or Services at this Site may be out of date, and Taiyo Kogyo Group makes no commitment to update such Content or Services. Taiyo Kogyo Group assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the information, documents, software, content and/or services which are referenced by or linked to this Site. References to other corporations, their services and products, are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied.
In no event shall Taiyo Kogyo Group or its suppliers be liable to you or any third party for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not Taiyo Kogyo Group has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of this Site or of any web site referenced or linked to from this Site. Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
The downloading or other acquisition of any Content through this Site is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the downloading or acquisition of any such Content. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Taiyo Kogyo Group or through or from this Site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the Terms of Use.
This Site contains links to third-party Web sites that are not under the control of Taiyo Kogyo Group. Taiyo Kogyo Group makes no representations whatsoever about any other Web site to which you may have access through this Site. When you access a non-Taiyo Kogyo Group Web site, you do so at your own risk and Taiyo Kogyo Group is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements made on these sites or for the quality of any products or services available on such sites. Taiyo Kogyo Group provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply that Taiyo Kogyo Group endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or uses of such Web sites. This Site can be accessed from other countries around the world and may contain references to Taiyo Kogyo Group products, services, and programs that have not been announced or made available in your country. These references do not imply that Taiyo Kogyo Group intends to announce or make available such products, services or programs in your country.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION: PRIVACY
Please note that Taiyo Kogyo Group does not wish to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through this Site. Any non-personal information or material sent to Taiyo Kogyo Group will be deemed NOT to be confidential, and shall be treated as such. By sending Taiyo Kogyo Group any non-personal information or material, you grant Taiyo Kogyo Group an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those content or information, and you also agree that Taiyo Kogyo Group is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will NOT release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted content or other information to us unless: (a) you grant us permission to do so; (b) we first notify you that the content or other information you submit to a particular part of this Site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law. Refer to the Taiyo Kogyo Group Privacy Policy to learn more about how Taiyo Kogyo Group protects your personal information.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify and hold Taiyo Kogyo Group, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of content you submit, post to or transmit through this Site, your use of this Site, your connection to this Site, your violation of the Terms of Use, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity.
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by Taiyo Kogyo from its offices within Japan. By accessing this Site, you and Taiyo Kogyo Group agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this Site shall be governed by the statutes and laws of Japan, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. Taiyo Kogyo Group makes no representation that Content on this Site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so exclusively on their own initiative, for their own purposes, and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
TRADEMARK INFORMATION
Trademarks, logos and service marks (hereinafter called “Marks”) displayed on this Site are the property of Taiyo Kogyo Group and/or other third parties. You are not permitted to use the Marks without the prior written consent of Taiyo Kogyo Group or such third party which may own the Marks. Taiyo Kogyo Group and the MakMax logo are trademarks of Taiyo Kogyo Group.
Global Network
Latest article List
2020/12/09
Completed projects
ETFE film roof for Macquarie University Arts Precinct building
2020/12/07
Completed projects
Lakhta Center with large-scale ETFE atrium completed
2020/12/03
Completed projects
Completion of a large scale ETFE roofing for Rennes Station in France
2019/07/17
Completed projects
Stade de la Licorne upgraded with ETFE film cladding
2019/06/17
Completed projects
Swift replacement with optimized canopy for Carrington Pavilion
file_downloadDownload
emailContact Us