http://www.toposmondial.com/public/privacy.aspx
AMF and Hobart Accessories
Bread, Bun, & Roll Equipment
Bulk Ingredient Systems
Complete Production Lines
Conveyors & Accessories
Donut Equipment
Dough Handling Equipment
Dough Troughs, Racks, Pans, Bowls and Trays
Kettles and Liquifiers
Mixing, Blending, & Fermentation
Motors, gears, belts and pumps
Ovens, Oven Loaders & Unloaders
Plant Liquidation
Plant Support, Misc Equipment
Proofer & Cooling Systems
Slicing and Packaging Equipment
Specialty Bread/Roll Equipment
Sweet Goods Equipment
Privacy Statement
Your privacy on ToposMondial.comWe want you to feel comfortable and
secure when visiting our site. We are committed to this goal. To learn more
about our goals and how we protect your privacy, please consider the following
overview. What information do you collect?Information on
ToposMondial.com is collected in two ways: (1) indirectly and anonymously (for
example, through our site's technology); and (2) directly (for example, when you
provide information on various pages of ToposMondial.com). One example of
information we collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. When you
access ToposMondial.com, your Internet address is automatically collected and is
placed in our Internet access logs. We collect information directly from you in
a number of ways. One way is through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files
of anonymous data, which save and retrieve information about your visit to
ToposMondial.com - for example, how you entered our site, how you navigated
through the site, and what information was of interest to you.
We directly collect
information when you voluntarily submit it to us. For example, by submitting an
inquiry to our sales team, the non-anonymous information is limited to that which
you provide within your inquiry. How do you use this information?
We analyze it to determine what is most effective about our site, to help us identify
ways to improve it, and eventually, to determine how we can tailor ToposMondial.com
to make it more effective. By keeping your cookies on your PC enabled, we can
continually adjust our web site to better serve you, making your every visit better
than the last. Will you share this information with outside parties?
We will not sell non-anonymous information or share it with any outside parties.
The information may be shared internally across our various service teams, but this
sharing is limited to internal use only with the specific intention of positioning
our teams to provide optimal service(s) to you. Do you collect sensitive
personal data?We do not generally seek to collect sensitive personal data
through this site. If we do seek to collect such data, we will ask you to consent to
our proposed uses of the data. We may also collect some sensitive personal data
incidentally. By providing us with unsolicited sensitive personal data, you
consent to our using the data subject to applicable law. Information
securityWhile we take steps to maintain the security of ToposMondial.com,
you should understand that the open nature of the Internet is such that data may
flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed and used by
people other than those for whom the data is intended. Topos Mondial is
interested in maintaining your privacy and creating a valuable resource for you to
use. If you have any questions now or during your visit, please contact us for assistance.
HOME
BRAND
NEW
PRE-OWNED
SERVICES
FAQ
ABOUT
NEWS
CONTACT
PRIVACY
TERMS