https://www.skillbasefirstaid.com/goods-return-refund-policy/
Goods Return, Refund & Delivery Privacy Policy
Thanks for shopping at SkillBase First Aid. Here you will find our goods return & refund policy
If you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, we’rehere to help.
Returns
You have 30 calendardays to return an item from the date you received it.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and inthe same condition that you received it.
Your item must be in the original packaging.
Refunds
Once we receive your item, we will inspect it and notify youthat we have received your returned
item. We will immediately notify you on the status of yourrefund after inspecting the item.
If your return is approved, we will initiate a refund toyour credit card (or original method of payment).
You will receive the credit within a certain amount of days,depending on your card issuer’s policies.
Shipping
You will be responsible for paying for your own shippingcosts for returning your item. Shipping costs are non­refundable.
If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will bededucted from your refund.
Contact Us
If you have any questions on how to return your item to us,contact us.
Privacy
Deliveries are processed in line with our Privacy Notice. You can see our full privacy notice here.
As part of fulfiling your delivery, it may be necessary to pass your details onto third party delivery and courier companies. This information may include your name, address, email address and telephone number. This is necessary so they are able to deliver the item to you, and contact you should they need to to update you on your delivery or if they have any problems. This is processed on teh basis that it is necessary to perform our contract with you.
We use a variety of delivery companies. The main ones are listed below, along with a link to their privacy notices.
Royal Mail https://www.royalmail.com/gdpr
Hermes https://www.myhermes.co.uk/privacy-policy/
TNT https://www.tnt.com/express/en_gb/site/privacy-policy.html
Interparcel https://uk.interparcel.com/privacy
Search our site…
Search for:
Elsewhere on our siteHome
My Account
Our Centres
First Aid Training Courses Onsite at Your Location for Groups
First Aid for Your Home & Family
Mental Health First Aid
Our First Aid Blog
Specialist Primary Care Life Support and First Aid Training
One Stop First Aid Shop
Find the Best First Aid Course for You
Workplace First Aid Course Chooser
First Aid Instructor Courses
See Our First Aid Mythbusters Series
Covid-19 updates - see how we are responding and Find Out How We Will Continue to Keep Our Courses Safe Here or
Dismiss
CookiesWe care about your privacy. This website or its third-party tools use cookies, which are necessary to its functioning and required to achieve the purposes illustrated in the cookie policy. If you want to know more or withdraw your consent to all or some of the cookies, please refer to the cookie policy.
Find out more.Okay, thank you. Hide.