http://www.medicalmurray.com/privacy-policy
Medical Murray Privacy Policy
Last updated: 4/29/2020
This Medical Murray privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘personal data’ is being used by Medical Murray, Inc. Personal data is defined as information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read this privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personal data collected through our site and services.What personal data do we collect from the people that visit our site?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter and we will collect your name, email address, password, mailing address, phone number, FedEx or UPS Tracking Number or other details. We request this information so that we can sell your products and fulfill your orders and requests.
Medical Murray does not collect any “sensitive information” as defined under General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) (“GDPR”) (e.g. personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, criminal convictions, or personal data concerning health).When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you browse our site, register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information.How do we use your information?We may use the personal data we collect from you when you browse, register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the site, or use certain other site features.
Medical Murray legitimate interests are: (a) providing our products and other services to our customers; (b) sending marketing communications; and (c) improving and administrating our site, and improving the content of our site.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future newsletters or marketing emails, you can email us at info@medicalmurray.com or follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from such correspondence.What other information do we collect?We may track the total number of visitors to our site and services, the number of visitors to each page of our site and services, browser type, IP addresses and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics. We may also use such information to administer and improve the site and services analyze trends, track users’ use of the site and services, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.How do we protect your information?Our site is scanned regularly for security holes and known vulnerabilities to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Our store is hosted on Joomla J2Store. They provide us with an online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored on a secure server behind a firewall. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our server.Do we use ‘cookies’?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
Keep track of advertisements.
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, it will turn off or affect some of the features of the site.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal data to outside parties except as set forth below.
If you make a purchase on the site, we will provide the contact information you have provided to the seller of the products you are purchasing so that they can ship the products to you.
We may share users’ information with our third-party agents, contractors, or service providers who are hired to perform services on our behalf. Below is an illustrative list of functions for which we may use third-party service providers and the names of the providers we may use to perform these functions:
Analytics services (e.g., Google Inc.)
Hosting and content delivery network services (e.g., J2Store)
Payment provider services (e.g., PayPal)
When Medical Murray engages a service provider/vendor to perform activities that may require access to personal data, it will take steps to ensure that the service provider acts in accordance with our existing policies and procedures. At a minimum, Medical Murray will enter into a written agreement with the third party requiring the third party (1) to comply with applicable federal, state laws, and international law, and (2) to maintain secure systems in the transmission of information to and from Medical Murray.
Certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies with respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. These providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your data used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our site or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our site’s Beta Agreement.
We may disclose personal data about you as required or permitted by law and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our site or services. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we also may disclose personal data about you in response to a request from law enforcement agencies, regulators or other public agencies (including schools or children services) or if we believe such disclosure may prevent a crime, facilitate an investigation related to public safety, protect the security or integrity of our site and services or enable us to take precautions against liability or to protect our rights.
We may disclose or otherwise transfer information about our users, including personal data, to an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
However, non-personally identifiable aggregate visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third-party links on our websiteWhen you click on links in our marketplace, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.Analytics Opt-outWe use Google Analytics on our site.
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt-out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser add on.Data RetentionWe will only keep your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law, we have to keep basic information about our customers, such as payment data, generally for seven years after they stop being customers for tax purposes. Please note that we may retain information that is otherwise deleted in anonymized and aggregated form, in archived or backup copies as required pursuant to records retention obligations, or otherwise as required by law.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data; see “Access to Personal Data - Modifications and Corrections” below for further information.Access to Personal Data - Modifications and CorrectionsIf you are in the European Union, you have a right to receive confirmation whether personal data concerning the person in question is being processed by us, to receive information about the processing and to access the personal data, and to obtain a copy of the personal data; object to our processing of personal data; have personal data concerning you deleted, and to have incorrect data about you corrected, and to restrict the processing of data concerning you; data portability, meaning that you in certain cases have a right to receive personal data concerning you in a commonly used format, or to have it transmitted to another personal data controller in accordance with your specification; and to not be subject to a decision based only on automatic processing.
Please note that the exercise of these rights is not absolute, and that for some rights certain criteria must be at hand for the right to exercised, or that certain exceptions might be applicable.
Requests sent to info@medicalmurray.com aid in personal data access, modification, deletion or correction requests, will be responded to promptly.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the supervisory authority for data protection issues in your country of residence. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance.How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)Our site and services are not intended for children under the age of 16 and we do not target the site or services to children under 18. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not register to use the site or services and do not provide us with any personal dataUsers outside of the United StatesWe process and store information on servers located in the United States of America. By using this site, you consent to the transfer of your personal data to locations that may be outside of your country of residence, including to the United States of America.
In particular, you are advised that the United States of America uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) allows for the transfer of personal data from the European Union to a third country in certain situations. By agreeing to this privacy policy, you agree to the transfer of all such information to the United States of America which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in other countries, particularly the European Union, and to the processing of that information by Medical Murray on its servers located in the United States of America as described in this privacy policy.
In our discretion, we may adopt other means, such as entering into data processing agreements that include the EU Standard Contractual Clauses or enter into different certification programs under applicable law for ensuring adequate safeguards.Privacy Policy UpdatesWe may need to update this privacy policy from time to time. If so, we will post our updated privacy policy on our site along with a notice that the privacy policy has been changed so you are always aware of what personal data we may collect and how we may use this information. We will also send registered users of the site e-mail notifications notifying such users of any material changes to the privacy policy. We encourage you to review this privacy policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the site and/or continued provision of personal data to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current privacy policy.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.www.medicalmurray.com540 Capital DrLake Zurich, IL 60047USAinfo@medicalmurray.com
About About Us
Specialties
Complex Catheters
Material Selection
Insert Molding
Permanent Implants
Covered Stents and Frames
Information Library
Quality
ISO 13485 Certification
Newsroom
Our Team
Careers
Contact
Development Development
Design
Materials
Prototyping
Pilot Production
Testing
Testing Services
ISO 80369 - Luers
ISO 594 - Luers
ISO 10555 - Catheters
ISO 7886 - Syringes
ISO 18250 - Connections
Radiopacity
Manufacturing Manufacturing
Molding
Assembly
Packaging
Sterilization & Lot Release
Distribution & Logistics
Prototype Store
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Search