https://www.gma-cpa.com/privacy-policy?hsLang=en
Accounting
Area of Focus
Column 1
Business Valuation
Construction & Real Estate
Forensics & Litigation Support
Government Contractors
Healthcare
High Net Worth
Column 2
Manufacturing & Distribution
Nonprofits
Outsourced Accounting
Service Businesses
Technology for Businesses
Wealth Management
Column 3
Services
Column 1
Accounting
Assurance
Management Advisory
Tax Planning & Compliance
Technology Solutions
Wealth Advisory
Column 2
Column 3
Our People
Column 1
Work with the right people
We’re CPAs and advisors, but our clients know us as much more. Learn more about our people, including who has two Elvis-style jumpsuits, who likes to iron, and who almost chose a career at Friendly’s Ice Cream over a career in accounting.
Column 2
Column 3
Success Stories
Column 1
What our clients are saying
Putting our clients first is our top priority, but don’t take our word for it. Read success stories about how we’ve helped our clients grow.
Resources
Column 1
Free downloads
Check out our library of free resources, including whitepapers, eBooks, calculators, industry reports and more!
Events
Come say hello at one of the many events we participate in throughout the year.
Pricing
Column 1
FAQs about our fees
Learn what you can expect as a client, and about our approach to pricing.
Blog
Column 1
The Gross Mendelsohn blog
Get the latest updates in accounting, tax, business and more from our CPAs and advisors.
Careers
Column 1
Join our team
Being in business for 60+ years has taught us one big lesson – our firm succeeds because of our people. Check out our open positions and learn why our people love working at Gross Mendelsohn.
Technology Consulting
Solutions
Column 1
Cloud and On-Premise ERP and CRM Systems
Microsoft Dynamics 365
Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Sales and Marketing (formerly Microsoft Dynamics CRM)
Microsoft Dynamics GP
NetSuite
PointClickCare
Sage 100cloud (formerly MAS90/200/100c)
Sage 300cloud (formerly Accpac/300c)
Sage CRM
Sage Support Plans
Networking
Virtual CIO
Planning and Purchasing
Remote and Onsite Support
Design and Deploy Solutions
Proactive Monitoring
Managed Services
Business Continuity and Data Backup
Secure@Home
Column 2
Cyber Security
Cyber Security for Government Contractors
Cyber Security for Healthcare Organizations
Business Intelligence & Custom Reporting
Dashboards
Sage Intelligence
Microsoft PowerPivot & Power BI
Microsoft SQL Server Reporting Services
Crystal Reports
Integrations & Development
Dynamics GP Integration Manager, eConnect & Restful Services
Scribe
Custom Integrations
Custom Applications
Column 3
Microsoft Cloud Productivity and Team Collaboration
Microsoft Azure Cloud Hosting
Microsoft Exchange Online
Microsoft Office 365
Microsoft SharePoint
Microsoft Teams
Hybrid Deployment
Skype for Business
Industries
Column 1
Construction
Healthcare
Manufacturing and Distribution
Nonprofit
Service Businesses
Process
Column1
Our Tried and True Process
We're not simply focused on the sale, and we won't pull a disappearing act on you once the deal is closed. Our team is committed to working with you as your partner in finding success.
About
Column 1
Our Team
Success Stories
Careers
Resources
Column 1
Our Resource Library
All the content you want from a library, but without the smell and sassy librarians.
Blog
Column 1
The Technically Speaking Blog
World-class insights from Gross Mendelsohn's technology consultants for executives, IT managers, and everyone in between.
GGM Wealth Advisors
About
COVID-19
Our privacy policy
Your privacy is important to Gross Mendelsohn. This privacy policy is designed to help you understand our data collection and usage practices. By using this website and accompanying blog, you consent to the data practices outlined here.We periodically update this privacy policy. We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site.
Personal Information Collected
In order for you to access certain resources offered on the site, we may require you to provide us with information that personally identifies you (“personal information”). Personal information may include contact data (such as your name and email address) and demographic data (such as your zip code). If you communicate with us by email or complete survey forms online, any information you provide may be collected as personal information.
Traffic Data Collected
We automatically track and collect the following information when you visit our website, including your IP address, domain server, type of computer/device, and type of web browser (collectively “traffic data”). Traffic data is anonymous information that does not personally identify you but is helpful to improve your experience on the site and to track website usage. We may also use cookies to customize content specific to your interests, to ensure that you do not see the same content repeatedly.
Uses of Information Collected
We may use contact data to send you information about Gross Mendelsohn’s products, services and resources, or to communicate with you when appropriate via email, phone or mail. If you no longer wish to receive emails from Gross Mendelsohn you can opt out of the email as indicated on every email communication.
Job Search
We occasionally post job openings on our website. When you submit a resume through our website, we will treat your resume with the same degree of confidentiality as if you had submitted it to us via regular mail.
Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information
Except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy we will keep your personal information private and will not share it with third parties, unless such disclosure is necessary to: (a) comply with a court order or other legal process; or (b) protect our rights or property.
Other Limits to Your Privacy
The site contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites. Any information that you provide to those sites becomes subject to the privacy policies and practices of those sites. We have no control over use of that information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Questions?
Use the form below to contact us.