http://www.btha.co.uk/website-terms
APPLY FOR MEMBERSHIP
MY MEMBERSHIP
LOGIN
LOGOUT
Website Terms of Use
General
This website is operated and maintained by the British Toy & Hobby Association Limited (“BTHA” or “us” or “we“). The following Terms of Use (together with any documents referred to in it) apply to all visitors and users of this website (www.btha.co.uk) and that of Toy Fair (www.toyfair.co.uk), The Toy Trust (www.toytrust.co.uk) as well as to users of BTHA’s Make Time 2 Play mobile application, which is available for both Android and Apple devices.
Other products or services offered by the BTHA will be governed by separate contracts or terms of use.
By using this website you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to be bound by all of the following terms please do not access, use and/or contribute to this website.
BTHA may change these Terms of Use from time to time and so you should check these terms regularly. Your continued use of this website will constitute your acceptance of the updated or amended terms.
Please note, we use Adobe Stock Images on our website in accordance with Adobe Stock license terms.
1. Information about us
BTHA is  registered in England and Wales under company number 00388895 and we have our registered office at BTHA House, 142-144 Long Lane, London SE1 4BS.  Our VAT number is GB232168288.  We are a limited company.
2. Rights and Restrictions
2.1          All copyright, trade marks, design rights, patents and other intellectual property rights (registered and unregistered) in all materials on this website are owned by BTHA or its licensors.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world.  All such rights are reserved.
2.2          You may copy materials published on this website solely for your own personal information and non-commercial use. You may not modify, republish, distribute, transmit, reproduce, store or create derivative works of any material or content on this website.
2.3          If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
2.4          The trade marks, names, images and logos displayed on this website (“Marks”) belong to BTHA or our licensors. You are not permitted to use these Marks without prior written consent of BTHA or such third party which may own the Marks.
2.5        We may, at our sole discretion and at any time, discontinue, restrict or prevent use of this website, with or without notice.  BTHA will have no liability to users if access to the website is discontinued.
3. Disclaimer
3.1          Reasonable care and skill is taken to ensure that the information contained on this website is accurate and up-to-date. However, you acknowledge that this is provided for information and guidance purposes only and is subject to change at any time.  We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date or that this information will meet individual requirements.  We do not accept any responsibility for any errors, inaccuracies or omissions with respect to the information or material on this website.
3.2          Where reference is made to any products, services or third party members on this website, this does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by BTHA whatsoever. It is your sole responsibility to satisfy yourself that such products, services or members are suitable for your specific purposes and all matters pertaining to suitability and toy safety.
3.3          Whilst we make every effort to ensure this website is available and secure, given the nature of the internet, we do not guarantee this will always be the case.  Access to our site is permitted on a temporary basis.  We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue all or any part of our site without notice.  We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
3.4          We do not guarantee that use of this website will be uninterrupted, risk or error free, completely secure or free from viruses or other harmful components, or that errors or defects will be corrected. You are recommended to take all appropriate safeguards before downloading any information or content from this website.
3.5          Whilst this site and the materials published or posted on this site are available to be accessed anywhere in the world, we make no guarantee, promise or representation that any information, guidance or service provided from this site is suitable for use in any country outside the United Kingdom.  Users who access this site from locations outside the United Kingdom do so at their own risk.
4. Limitation of liability
3.6          Save as precluded by law, you acknowledge and agree that we will not be liable to you or any person for any loss, claims, damages or expense arising out of any access to or use of this website or any of the information or materials on this website. We accept no liability whatsoever under contract, tort or otherwise for any loss of profit, data, indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential loss, damage or expenses, including associated legal fees.
3.7          To the extent permitted by law, we expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity.
3.8          Nothing in these Terms of Use excludes our liability to you for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or for personal injury or death caused by our negligence.
5. Information about you and your visits to our site
We process personal information about you in accordance with our privacy policy contained at the end of these Terms of Use.  By using our site, you acknowledge your understanding and acceptance of our privacy policy and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
6. Members area
6.1        We reserve a restricted area of the website for the use of our members (“Members Area“).  You must not attempt to access the Members Area unless you are a BTHA member who has been provided by us with appropriate log-in credentials.
6.2        You must keep your log-in credentials secure at all times, and must not disclose them to any third party.  We will not be held responsible for any liability arising from the loss or misappropriation of your log-in credentials.
6.3        You may change the default log-in credentials we provide you with at any time.  We recommend that you choose a memorable password which is difficult to guess, contains a combination of letters, numerals and special characters, and is at least six characters long.
7. Viruses, hacking and other offences
7.1          You must not (nor allow others to):
7.1.1      breach or attempt to breach the security of this site;
7.1.2      modify, decompile, reverse engineer, decrypt, circumvent or otherwise interfere with or alter this site or any software or code that forms part of this site;
7.1.3      use this site in any way which may cause the site or access to the site to be interrupted, damaged or impaired; or
7.1.4      use this site to knowingly transmit any data, or send or upload any material that contains viruses, Trojans, worms, logic-bombs or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware, in the event of any such breaches, your right to use our site will cease immediately and, where appropriate, we will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities.
7.2          We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of our site or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
8. Third Party Sites
This website includes links to third party websites and resources provided by third parties. We will not be responsible for the availability, content, information, security (including any loss or damage that may arise from the use of them) or for any products or services available from such third party sites, none of which have been verified or endorsed by BTHA or its affiliates. You should also always check the terms and conditions and privacy statements of those third party sites.
9. Updates
We aim to update our site regularly, and may change the content at any time.  If the need arises, we may generally suspend access to our site, or close it indefinitely.  Any of the material on our site may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material.
10. General
10.1          These terms constitute the entire agreement between you and BTHA in respect of your use of this website.
10.2      The laws of England shall apply to all matters arising from or relating to the use and contents of this website. You also agree and hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England with respect to such matters.
10.3          If any of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable for any reason, then to the extent that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from these terms and the remaining terms shall survive and continue to be binding and enforceable.
10.4          The failure or delay of BTHA to exercise or enforce any right in these terms does not waive BTHA’s right to enforce that right.
11. Contact Details
The British Toy & Hobby Association (BTHA)
Registered in England & Wales No 388895
Registered office:  BTHA House, 142-144 Long Lane, London, SE1 4BS
020 7701 7271
www.btha.co.uk
queries@btha.co.uk
This content is exclusive to full BTHA Members and you must be logged in to view it.
If you are a full member please login here.
OK
About Us     |     Website Terms Of Use     |     Our Privacy Policy     |     Contact Us
© 2020 British Toy & Hobby Association
Advocacy
Guidance
COVID-19 – Business updates for Members
Toy Safety
Legislation
Toy Safety Directive
Chemical Guidance
Electrical
Safety Standards
International Guidance
Other Guides
Coordinated Primary Authority Partnership
Toy Safety Advisory Service
Recalls & Corrective Actions
Age Determination
Safety Symbols
Environmental
Sustainability in Toys
Getting to grips with Sustainability
Sustainability Directives
UK Sustainability Requirements
Packaging
BTHA Environmental Studies
Data Protection
BTHA GDPR Guides
Useful Links
Connected Toys
BTHA Connected Toys Guide
Useful Links
Responsible Marketing
BTHA Responsible Marketing Guide
Useful Links
Ethical Manufacturing
BTHA Ethical Manufacturing Guide
Conflict Materials
Modern Slavery
Useful Links
Trade
BTHA Trade Guide
Useful Links
Brexit
BTHA Guides on Brexit
Useful Links
Training & Events
Awards
BTHA Lifetime Achievement
Read more
Toy Industry Awards
Read More
BTHA Outstanding Contribution
Read more
Golden Teddies
Read more
Toy Trust Outstanding Contribution
Read more
The BTHA Trophy Cabinet
Read more
About Us & Our Members
About Us
Read more about us & our members
Our Members
View our members
History of the BTHA
Read more about the History of the BTHA
The Lion Mark
Read more about the Lion Mark
Code of Practice
Read more about the BTHA Code of Practice
Contact Us
Toy SafetySafety in the design and manufacture of toys is the BTHA’s highest priority and all members of the BTHA are required to adhere to the Code of Practice and ensure that all products conform to EN 71 and, where appropriate, EN 62115 (electrical toys).EnvironmentalPromoting environmental sustainability is a core part of our work at the BTHA. Our members make an annual commitment to reduce their environmental impact across product and packaging design, production and distribution wherever possible.Data ProtectionWe provide information for members to help them to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation. We also facilitate contributions to discussions on offering services, play and communications with children and their families.Connected ToysToys connecting to the internet are becoming increasingly popular. To ensure these toys are safe for the users, we have produced a guidance document for members to refer to when manufacturing the toys to help them manage the risks associated with connected toys.Responsible MarketingOpen and honest communication with children is a priority for BTHA members. We require members to sign our Code of Practice each year to ensure that they commit to responsible and ethical marketing to children and their families, as well as providing them with the best advice and tips on how to comply with the latest rules and regulations.Ethical ManufacturingEthical manufacturing is key to being a member of the BTHA. Our members are required to apply appropriate ethical standards in the factories used for the manufacture of toys.TradeAs part of BTHA membership, we strive to keep members informed with the most up to date advice and guidance on industry related issues.Toy Industry AwardsThe Toy Industry Awards celebrate the very best in UK toy retail and product design. Organised by the BTHA with the Toy Retailers Association, the event takes place annually during Toy Fair in January.Golden TeddiesSeen as the 'People's Oscars', BTHA Golden Teddy Awards are given to reward worthy individuals from all levels of the toy industry whose individual contribution and dedication over the years deserves public recognition.BTHA Outstanding ContributionThe British Toy & Hobby Association Outstanding Contribution Award recognises individuals and/or organisations for their outstanding contribution to the UK toy industry.Toy Trust Outstanding ContributionToy Trust Outstanding Contribution Awards are presented to people who go above and beyond the level most of us could dream to achieve in raising charitable funds for the Toy Trust and who complete great personal challenges.BTHA Lifetime AchievementThe BTHA Lifetime Achievement Award is presented only in exceptional circumstances. It is awarded to individuals who have made a truly outstanding and significant contribution to the toy industry.ITRA AwardsThe ITRA World Congress takes place every three years in a different location at which the ‘ITRA – BTHA Prize for outstanding toy research’ is awarded to two recipients.About UsThe BTHA exists to promote best practice and excellence in all aspects of product design, toy safety, ethical manufacturing, environmental issues and responsible marketing and by so doing protect and promote the interests of our members.History of the BTHAThe British Toy & Hobby Association was established in 1944 to represent the interests of British toy manufacturers and to raise standards of practice in the industry. Read more on our history.The Lion MarkThe Lion Mark was developed in 1988 to perform a function not covered by the CE Mark, namely, to act as a recognisable consumer symbol denoting safety and quality.The BTHA Trophy CabinetWe strive to be a trade association that does outstanding work for our members. Our trophy cabinet captures some of our own awards for that work.Code of PracticeBTHA Members make an annual commitment to the BTHA's Code of Practice which covers ethical manufacturing, compliance with appropriate legislation as well as a commitment to reduce their environmental impact.Our MembersThe BTHA is the official organisation representing manufacturers for Britain’s £3.3 billion toy market. The Association promotes the highest standards of safety and quality in the manufacture of toys, games and playthings.BrexitThe BTHA has been engaged with Westminster and Whitehall throughout the Brexit process to represent members views, inform policy decisions on the toy industry’s concerns, and translate information from government into guidance for members. This section includes information to help guide members through the Brexit process.Covid-19The BTHA is providing information and guidance for Members during the Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.I acceptView our Privacy Policy