http://www.formech.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Formech
JOIN FORMECH
Subscribe to our newsletter and receive all latest news and advice about vacuum forming, materials, tooling and much more!
Full name e.g. John Smith
Email
Subscribe
Newsletter signup
UK
US
DE
FR
ES
IT
Get in Touch
Partner Login
Search for:
Menu
Home
Products
Find a Solution
Use our intuitive search facility to help find the perfect product to suit your needs.
Custom Solutions
Meeting your exact requirements
By Product
Vacuum Forming Machines
Desktop series
Compac Mini
450DT
508DT
Floor standing
508FS
686
FMDH660
Large format
1372
1250
1500
2440
Fully automatic
HD686
HD750
HD1000
TF686
TF750
TF1000
High performance
IMD508
Processing Equipment
Trimming machines
Manual Roller Press MRP500
Roller Press RP700
Trimmer FT10
Trimmer FT20
Line bending machines
Line Bender FLB500
Line Bender FLB1000
Ovens
Oven AX120
Oven PF200
About
About Formech
About Vacuum Forming
Support
Formech Technical Newsletters
Project plans
Vacuum Forming Guide
News
Case Studies
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Formech uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
Formech is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Formech may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 20th October, 2014.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
• name
• contact information including email address
• demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
• other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
• Internal record keeping.
• We may use the information to improve our products and services.
• We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
• From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
• We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
• whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
• if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@formech.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
Formech International Limited (Headquarters)
Unit 4, Thrales End Business Park
Thrales End Lane, Harpenden
Hertfordshire, AL5 3NS, UK
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Formech International Limited. Registered in England no. 2999 925
The company we keep
Formech International Limited
Unit 4, Thrales End Business Park
Thrales End Lane, Harpenden
Hertfordshire AL5 3NS
United Kingdom
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Emailinfo@formech.com
Phone
UK:+44 (0) 1582 469 797
US:+1 608.424.2524
DE:+49 (0) 7272 9549868 0
IT:+39 0331 876 002
ES:+34 629 021 899
FR:+33 (0) 4 79 88 90 13
Copyright © 2020 Formech International Ltd. All right reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok