http://www.tradetech.net/index.php/legal/privacy-policy
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to sidebar
Legal
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Disclaimer
Important Announcement Concerning New European Union General Data Processing Regulations (GDPR)
On May 25, 2018, a comprehensive new data privacy regulation enacted by the European Union (EU) commonly referred to as the "GDPR" became effective.  Pursuant to European Parliament EU Regulation 2016/679 on protection with regard to the processing of personal data, Trade Tech hereby informs any customer, prospect or member of the public that any and all personal and/or professional data is held on the Trade Tech contact database.
Trade Tech is a cloud-based software provider to companies who move goods around the world by ocean and air and who make declarations to Customs agencies as a consequence of moving cargo.  Data is used solely as required for creating shipments or security filings and is stored for periods of time in order to comply with the specific requirements of global Customs organizations.
Data stored by Trade Tech includes user login information and profile information which may contain specific information about certain individuals as it relates to their job in their company.  In addition, customers trading partner data is stored in the shipment files and security filings.
Trade Tech can offer assurances about the use of data that is Trade Tech's alone, however Trade Tech does not own customer data and it is therefore not our data to act with.  In the capacity under which Trade Tech serves its customers, we safeguard the customer data with the same diligence as we do our own data.  Trade Tech has taken many steps to maintain the confidentiality of customer data and we take every measure necessary to safeguard customer data.  Customer data will not be shared with any
third parties and it will not be utilized in any other manner.  You may exercise your right to request that Trade Tech delete your data by sending a request to the postal or e-mail address below, as long as that request would not violate the retention requirements of various global Customs organizations.
Trade Tech, Inc. located at 710 5th Ave NW #200 in Issaquah, WA 98027 is responsible for processing and safeguarding this data. Trade Tech can be contacted by phone at 425.837.9000 or by email at ttsales@tradetech.net
Trade Tech, Inc. is concerned about your privacy.
In general, you can visit our website without telling us information about yourself. We may keep track of the domains from which people visit us, and that information is analyzed to determine usage of our website. If you decide to provide us with additional information about yourself, including your name, address or other personal information, we do include the information in our records. This additional information is treated confidentially within Trade Tech, Inc., and we do not share personally-identifying information with third parties outside of our company who have expressed to us the intent to use such information for solicitation of third party products or services or other commercial uses.
Based on the information and/or requests you provide to us, you may periodically receive information from Trade Tech, Inc. about our products and services. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will use our best efforts to immediately discontinue any such communications.
Further, Trade Tech, Inc. does not knowingly solicit, for any purpose, any personal information from anyone under the age of eighteen (18) years old. No personal information provided by a user of this website whom we identify as a minor will be maintained, disclosed, or otherwise used by us for marketing, promotional, or any other purpose whatsoever.
Please keep in mind that Trade Tech, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites that may be linked to our site.
Our privacy policies are under frequent review, and any changes to the policies will be posted on this website. If you have any questions or comments about the privacy statement above, you may contact us by following the Contact Us link above.
Request a demo!
Global Headquarters
Issaquah, Washington, USA
+1.425.837.9000
ttsales@tradetech.net
Atlanta, Georgia, USA
+1.678.319.0841
ken.ortloff@tradetech.net
New York, NY, USA
+1.401.322.9390
tom.lloyd@tradetech.net
Lyon, France
+33.4.78.39.60.51
elisabeth.corjet@tradetech.net
Hong Kong, Hong Kong
+852.2543.5093
danny.chow@tradetech.net
Mumbai, India
+91-22-25338115
+91-22-25338116
deepak.kayandekar@tradetech.net
Shanghai, P.R. China
+86.21.6415.7268
ken.sommers@tradetech.net
simon.xu@tradetech.net
Taipei, Taiwan
+886.2.2627-7272 #23
frances.yeung@tradetech.net
Tokyo, Japan
+81 3 6721 8058
tti_tyo@tradetech.net
Mexico City, Mexico
eduardo.sanchez@tradetech.net