https://www.oxinst.com/corporate-content/terms-and-conditions
SustainabilityInvestorsCareersLearningContact
en
cn
en
cn
Investors
Careers
Home
Businesses
AndorAsylum ResearchImaris
Magnetic ResonanceNanoAnalysisNanoScience
Plasma TechnologyX-Ray Technology
Applications
Advanced ManufacturingAgriculture & FoodAstronomyAutomotive & AerospaceBio Imaging & Life Science
Chemical & CatalysisEnergy Generation & StorageForensics & EnvironmentGeology, Petrology & MiningMetals, Alloys, Composites & Ceramics
PharmaPhotonicsPolymersQuantum TechnologiesSemiconductors, Microelectronics & Data Storage
Products
ATOMIC FORCE MICROSCOPYELECTRON MICROSCOPY
EBSDEDSWDSNanomanipulatorsApplication Specific Software
DEPOSITION & ETCH TOOLSRIEICPPECVDICPCVDIBEIBDALD
LOW TEMPERATURE SYSTEMSDilution RefrigeratorsHigh Field MagnetsCryostatsOPTICAL IMAGINGCamerasConfocal Microscopy3D & 4D Visualisation Software
Nuclear Magnetic ResonanceModular Optical SpectroscopyX-RAYX-ray SourcesX-ray Cameras
News
News from around the Group
Events
Upcoming Events
Services
Shop
UKEuropeUS & CanadaChina
Contact
eCommerce
Website Terms of Use
Please refer to these Website Terms of Use (“Terms”), our Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy and our Acceptable Use Policy before using this website.
Who we are and how to contact us
This website is operated by Oxford Instruments plc and its subsidiaries (“Oxford Instruments”, “we”, “us”).
Access to and use of this website is subject to the following Terms, our Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy and our Acceptable Use Policy.  By using our website, you confirm that you accept these and that you agree to comply with them.  If you do not agree to these, please do not use this website.
Section headings in these Terms are provided for reference purposes only and in no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of any section.
We amend these Terms from time to time by updating this page. Every time you wish to use our website, please check these Terms to ensure you understand the Terms that apply at that time.
Availability
We do not guarantee that our website, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our website for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal.
You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our website through your internet connection are aware of these Terms and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them.
Our website is made available free of charge.
Use of material
We are the owner or the licensee of, and in the material published on it.  Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our website must always be acknowledged.
You must not use any part of the content on our website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.  You may not, without our written permission, distribute, modify, transmit, re-use, re-post, or use the content (whether text, images, audio, or video) of the website for public or other commercial purposes. You agree that you will not use any automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy this website or any web pages or the content contained herein without our prior written permission, use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of this website, take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our systems, copy, reproduce, alter, modify, create derivative works, or publicly display any content from this website without our (or the appropriate third party’s) prior written permission. All other rights are reserved.
The trademarks and logos (collectively the "trademarks") displayed on the website are registered and unregistered trademarks of Oxford Instruments and other third parties. Nothing contained on the website should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any licence or right to use any trademarks displayed on the website without our written permission or that of any third party owner of such trademarks. Use of the trademarks, or of any other content on the website, except as provided in these Terms, is strictly prohibited.
Images of people or places displayed on the website are either our property, or used with permission granted to us. You may not use or permit anyone else to use these images unless specifically permitted by these Terms or otherwise with our written permission.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our website in breach of these Terms, your right to use our website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
While we endeavour to include accurate and up to date information in the website, this website is published "as is" and "as available" without any warranties or representations as to the information, content or materials contained in it.  The content on our website is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our website.
Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our website, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our website is accurate, complete or up to date.  We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the website. You expressly agree that your use of this website is at your own risk and imposes no obligation or other liability on us.  We neither warrant nor represent that use of materials nor any content displayed on the website will not infringe rights of third parties. Some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to all users of the website or you may have additional rights.
Uploading content to our website
This website may include information and materials uploaded by other users of the website. This information and these materials have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on our website do not represent our views or values.
Whenever you make use of a feature that allows you to upload content to our website, or to make contact with other users of our website, you must comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.
Any content you upload to our website will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You retain all of your ownership rights in your content, but you are required to grant us and other users of our website a limited licence to use, store and copy that content and to distribute and make it available to third parties.
We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any content posted or uploaded by you to our site constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
We have the right to remove any posting you make on our website if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
You are solely responsible for securing and backing up your content.
Links to other websites
Certain hypertext links in this website will lead to websites that are not under our control and are provided for information only. Such links are for the convenience of users only and we do not endorse any content of any websites linked to this website and gives no representation or warranty (express or implied) as to the information on such websites. We are not responsible for the nature or the content or the privacy policies of any off-site pages or any other websites linked to this website.
Linking to this website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.
You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link to our website in any website that is not owned by you.
Our website must not be framed on any other website,
We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Please note that linking to this website, off-site pages or other websites and in particular downloading computer programs from certain websites, may infringe copyright or introduce computer viruses into the user's own system and is at the user's own risk.   The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out in our Acceptable Use Policy.
Liability
We exclude all implied conditions, warranties, representations or other terms that may apply to our website or any content on it.  Use of, browsing in and reliance on any information contained in the website are at your own risk.
Neither Oxford Instruments, nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages (including without limitation loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of goodwill, loss of management time, third party liability, business interruption, loss of use of any tangible or intangible asset including data recorded on any computer or other machine, or loss of any anticipated benefit arising out of your access to, or use of, the website, save in the case of fraudulent misrepresentation, or death or personal injury caused by the negligence of Oxford Instruments.  No liability which may not be excluded or limited by applicable law shall be excluded or limited by these Terms.
You agree to release, indemnify and hold Oxford Instruments and its contractors, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, shareholders and employees harmless from any claim, liability, damage, cost, expense or demand, including reasonable lawyers' fees and expenses, made by any third party relating to or arising out of your breach of these Terms or to any documents they specifically incorporate, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
Security
We do not guarantee that our website, our servers or any emails sent on our behalf will be secure or free from bugs or viruses or other harmful components. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our website. You should use your own virus protection software.
You must not misuse our website by knowingly introducing malware, viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our website, the server on which our website is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our website. You must not attack our website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our website will cease immediately.
Although reasonable endeavours are used to maintain this website, Oxford Instruments shall not be liable for any losses caused by failure or stoppage of the website for any reason, including without limitation virus contamination, deliberate damage by hackers, failure of hardware software or systems, power failure, failure of telecommunications lines or any criminal activity of a third party.
If you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at privacy@oxinst.com.
Data protection
Any personal data (such as user's name, address, telephone number or e-mail address) transmitted to the website by electronic mail or otherwise, will be used by Oxford Instruments in accordance with our Privacy Statement and Cookie Policy. Any other communication or material transmitted to the website, such as questions, comments or suggestions, will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Disputes
These Terms are governed by the laws of England and Wales. By using this website, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales in the event of any dispute.
If any provision of this Terms is found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, that invalidity or unenforceability will not affect the other provisions of these Terms which will remain in full force and effect.
Last Updated: June 2020
Corporate Content
CSR
Customer Focus and Service
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Diversity and Inclusion
Employees
Health and Safety
Human Rights Policy
Regulatory Information
Supplier and Partner Engagement
Protecting the Environment
Copyright Statment
Modern Slavery
Gender Pay Report
Email Statement
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions of Use
Privacy
Acceptable Use Policy
Cookie Policy
Social and Community Involvement
Candidate Privacy Notice
Governance
Pension Scheme Statement of Investment Principles
Open in a new tab
Copyright Statement
CSR
Modern Slavery
Gender Pay Report
Regulatory Information
Terms & Conditions
Privacy
Disclaimer
Sitemap
© Oxford Instruments 2020
Website by Miramar Communications Ltd