http://www.amdro.com/terms
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Ambrands Terms of Use
INTERNET SITE NOTICE/TERMS OF USE FORM
Ambrands maintains this site (the “Site”) for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site.
The Site and its contents are designed to comply with U.S. laws and regulations. Although accessible by others, it and its content are intended for access and use by U.S. residents only.
This Site contains information concerning Ambrands that may be useful to the Company’s customers and employees as well as the general public. In particular, Ambrands makes no representation or warranties as to the accuracy of any information contained herein and expressly disclaims any obligation to update said information. Ambrands further assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this Site.
Through your access to and use of the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) set forth below.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You may freely browse the Site. You may freely download material therefrom. Any and all downloaded materials may be used by you for personal, noncommercial use. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, repost or use any of such materials for public or commercial purposes, without the express written permission of Ambrands. All copyright and other proprietary notices contained in downloaded materials must be retained.
You should assume that all contents of the Site are copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided herein and without the express written permission of Ambrand.
Images of people or places displayed on the Site are the property of Ambrands. The use of these images by you is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or by specific permission provided elsewhere on the Site. Unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright, trademark, privacy and/or publicity laws as well as communications regulations and statutes.
Your use of the Site is at your own risk. Neither Ambrands nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site or any of the services referenced therein. This includes damages to, or for viruses that may infect, your computer equipment. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you “AS IS” without warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you.
Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties.
Any communication or material that you transmit to, or post on, the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like, is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and nonproprietary information. Ambrands or any of its affiliates, may use such communication or material for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and further posting. Further, Ambrands and its affiliates, are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication or material you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products.
All contents of this Site are: © Copyright 2012, Ambrands, 2030 Powers Ferry Road, Suite 370, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. All Rights Reserved. This Site is for the User’s personal, noncommercial use. User may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any information, software, products or services obtained from this Site. Nothing herein is to be taken as permission, inducement, or recommendation to practice any patented invention without a license. All trademarks are property of Central Garden & Pet Company. The information, software, products and services published on this Site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Ambrands and its parent and affiliated companies may make improvements and/or changes in this Site at any time.
Ambrands has not reviewed all of the sites that may be linked to the Site and is not responsible for the content of any off-Site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-Site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
Although Ambrands may, from time to time, monitor or review the discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards and the like on the Site, Ambrands is under no obligation to do so, and Ambrands assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of the Site nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger or inaccuracy contained in any information within the Site.
You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or would otherwise violate the law. Ambrands will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Ambrands to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
Ambrands reserves the right to alter or delete material from the Site at any time.
Ambrands may, at any time, revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions.
All contents © Copyright 2002, 2012 Ambrands.
Use of this Site is subject to the Internet Site Notice/Disclaimer Form.
Central Garden & Pet, Garden Division
1000 Parkwood Circle, Suite 700
Atlanta, GA 30339