http://www.controlfiresystems.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyWe are committed to respecting the privacy of individuals and recognizes the need of people with whom we do business and employees for the appropriate management and protection of any Personal Information that you agree to provide to us.Our Privacy Management Plan includes guidelines on the collection, storage, use and retention of your Personal Information as follows:Collection: Control Fire Systems Ltd. collects personal information about individuals (clients, suppliers, employees, etc) in order to better manage it's business. Control Fire Systems Ltd. will make all reasonable efforts to fully inform such individuals about the planned use/disclosure. Control Fire Systems Ltd. will limit the collection and use of personal information to that required for valid business purposes or to comply with legislation.Accuracy: Control Fire Systems Ltd. will make every reasonable effort to ensure that the personal information it collects and uses is accurate and complete. Individuals providing personal information will have the opportunity to review and correct their personal information, and on written request by an individual to whom the information relates, the organization will modify the information as required.Storage: Control Fire Systems Ltd. will store personal information using hard copy and/or electronic means in such a way as to prevent unauthorized collection, access, use, disclosure or disposal of the personal information.Retention: Control Fire Systems Ltd. will establish a retention period for all personal information collected. This period may be related to legislation other than PIPEDA (Employment Standards for example).Disclosure: Control Fire Systems Ltd. will not disclose personal information unnecessarily to employees or any third party, unless the effected individual consents.Access: Control Fire Systems Ltd. promotes individual's right of access to personal information about themselves. The employer will provide access to information upon request. Access will be provided according to established procedures. Note: access to a record may be subject to the payment of any fee required according to organization policy.We will never share, sell or rent information that you supplied to use. Please do not hesitate to ask us if you have any questions regarding our privacy policy.
Home
Company
Products
Services
Fire Suppression Clean Agent Cylinder Refilling
Service & Inspections
Cylinder Testing
Portable Fire Extinguishers
Fire Systems Engineering
Fan Air Leak Testing
News
Contact Us
Covid-19 Screening
Control Fire Systems
Products Catalog
Fire Suppression Systems
Marine Fire
Systems
Portable Fire
Extinguishers
Bulk Clean
Agent Gas
Smoke & Fire
Alarm Devices
Fire Alarm
Control Panels
Fire Safety
Products
Surplus Fire Equipment
MSDS Sheets
Downloads
Contact Us