http://www.esi.info/privacy-policy
Subscribe
Get a free online profile Marketing opportunities
on any ESI.info website
Search
Privacy policy At ESI.info we are committed to safeguarding and respecting your privacy. Like most businesses, we hold personal information about our clients and people who we think may be interested in the products and services we offer. This privacy policy explains what personal information we process and how that processing might affect you and your rights. For your protection, we are registered under the Data Protection (Charges and Information) Regulations 2018 and have given all appropriate notifications to the Information Commissioner. Our lawful basis for processing personal data under Article 6 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) varies according to circumstances: it may be contractual, consensual or on the basis of Legitimate Interest. Where Legitimate Interest is the basis for processing personal data, our sole purpose is to support better decisions for better environments by helping professional buyers and sellers exchange information quickly and efficiently. We do not process any special category data. We have prepared a compliance statement relating to Article 5 of the GDPR and a Legitimate Interest Assessment to cover our use of personal data for direct marketing. Both documents can be downloaded by clicking the ‘GDPR related downloads’ link in the contents index for this page or by scrolling to the bottom of the page. What information do we collect? Information provided by you Information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us; Information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications, newsletters or other publications; Any other information that you choose to send to us. Information collected automatically on our websites Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our websites including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation; Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and any company, organisation or individual featured on our websites including clicks on web links, emails sent (including the content of such emails), specific pages or images viewed or saved. The subject matter and content of any emails sent by you will not be disclosed to any third party and will remain confidential between you, ESI.info and the person or company you have sent the email to; Information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to our websites, including information relating to website usage, website enquiry forms and emails sent direct to ESI.info email addresses. Information collected from other sources We obtain professional personal information through our own market research and from publicly available resources including online and offline publications produced by: trade and professional associations; government agencies other public sector sources; businesses involved in providing goods or services relating to the built environment; and organisations responsible for managing land and buildings. We use these information sources: To identify professional buyers or sellers of goods and services relating to the built environment; To ensure the information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date; To help us deliver the best service we can. Cookies
When we provide services, we want to make them easy, useful
and reliable. Where services are delivered on the internet, this
sometimes involves placing small amounts of information on your
device, for example, your computer or mobile phone. These include
small files known as cookies. These cookies cannot be used to
identify you personally, but help us to improve services to you
from our websites.
For example: enabling a service to recognise your device
so you don't have to give the same information several times
during one task; recognising that you may already have given a
username and password so you don't need to do it for every web
page requested; measuring how many people are using our
services, so they can be optimised for you.
Cookies currently being used on ESI.info websites Our cookies Name Typical content Expires Purpose Recent-entries List of numbers 1 year
Tracks the last entries you looked at for the viewed
recently function
Esi-id Number 1 year Used to identify you to give you a better user experience, record how you use our website and provide metrics to our advertisers Jsessionid Randomly generated number 30 minutes Required for secure login to our websites Spring_security_remember_me_cookie Randomly generated number 1 year
Allows users to stay logged in for extended periods of
time at secure locations
ESI-web-search Word or phrase 1 year The last search term you used on our websites ESI-cookie-policy-accepted Boolean 1 year Acceptance of cookie policy ESI-View-Cookie Word 1 year Preferred view for looking at lists of illustrated products and services Third party cookies Name Typical content Expires Purpose _ga Randomly generated number 2 years Used in Google Analytics to distinguish users _gat Randomly generated number 10 minutes Used in Google Analytics to throttle requests intercom-id Randomly generated number Does not expire
Used to maintain
Intercom messaging support across multiple page requests
Google Analytics set cookies to help us accurately estimate
the number of visitors to the website and volumes of usage. This
helps us to develop www.esi.info so that the service is quick,
accurate, reliable and relevant to our users.
For more information about Google Analytics visit the
Google Analytics
website
.
Removing and disabling cookies
If you do not wish to accept
cookies on to your machine you can disable them by adjusting the
settings on your browser. However, this will affect the
functionality of the websites you visit.
Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some
browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For
example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by
clicking "Tools", "Internet Options",
"Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies"
using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies may, however,
have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites,
including this one.
For more information about cookies visit
About Cookies.
What we do with the information we collect
Personal information submitted to us via our websites will
be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in
relevant parts of our websites.
We may use your personal information to: administer our websites;
improve your online experience by personalising our
websites;
enable your use of the services available on our
websites;
send statements and invoices to you, and collect
payments from you;
send you email notifications which you have specifically
requested;
provide third parties with aggregated, de-personalised marketing insights about visitors to our websites and the actions they have taken to help them decide whether or not to invest in promoting their products and services; provide metrics to companies whose products and services are published on our websites to show them who has interacted with their published content and report on any associated actions such as downloading information or clicking links to visit their websites. We provide information on your role, company and location if known. We do not disclose information that will allow them to identify you personally including your name, personal business email address or direct dial telephone numbers;
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you
relating to our websites;
contact you for market research or customer care
purposes;
send you marketing communications relating to our business or our clients’ business according to your stated preferences or in-line with current legislation covering the marketing of products and services to organisations and private individuals. When you provide any information online, you should look for the boxes to allow you to opt-in or opt-out of marketing communications from us or our business partners. You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by contacting us at the addresses given in section 8 below. Personal information for publication on our websites
Where you submit personal information for publication on
our websites, we will publish and otherwise use that information
in accordance with the licence you grant to us. We will not publish personal information about you on our websites without your consent.
Financial transactions
All our website financial transactions are handled through
our payment services provider, Sage Pay. You can review the Sage
Pay privacy policy at www.sagepay.com. We will share information
with Sage Pay only to the extent necessary for the purposes of
processing payments you make via our websites and dealing with
complaints and queries relating to such payments.
Disclosures
We may disclose information about you to any of our
employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar
as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this
privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information: to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective
legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal
rights (including providing information to others for the
purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any
business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling;
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a
court or other competent authority for disclosure of that
personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such
court or authority would be reasonably likely to order
disclosure of that personal information.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not
provide your information to third parties.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in
and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate
in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with
this privacy policy.
Information that you provide may be transferred to
countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to
those in force in the European Economic Area.
In addition, personal and business information that you
submit for publication on the website will be published on the
internet and may be available, via the internet, around the
world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by
others.
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal and
business information.
Security and storage of your personal information
We take technical and organisational
precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your
personal information.
We store all the personal information you provide on
our secure password- and firewall- protected servers. All
e-commerce transactions you make to or receive from us will be
encrypted using SSL technology.
However, because data transmission over the internet is
inherently insecure, we cannot guarantee the security of data
sent over the internet.
Where we use third parties to help provide our services, we check that their security policies and confidentiality arrangements meet the required legal standards.
You are responsible for keeping your password and user
details confidential. We will not ask you for your password
except when you log in to our websites.
We only store your data for as long as we need to for the processing purposes set out in this policy. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by
posting a new version on our website. You should check this page
periodically to ensure you are happy with any changes.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by
email.
Your rights As well as your right to be informed on our use of personal data by this Privacy Policy, you are entitled to the following additional rights under GDPR: Right of Access You can ask us to confirm whether your personal data is being processed. If it is, you can ask us to give you access to your personal data and related information. Right to Rectification You can instruct us to amend any incorrect details or complete any missing information. Right to Erasure You can request that your personal details be deleted from our systems. Right to Restrict Processing You can ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information. Right to Data Portability You can ask for your personal data to be moved, copied or transferred to another IT environment. Right to Object You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests for direct marketing, research and statistical purposes. To exercise any of your rights, please contact us and tell us what you would like us to do for you at either of the addresses below:
The Company Secretary
Environmental Standard Indexes Ltd
12 E&F Timberbush
Edinburgh
EH6 6QH
Email:
marketing@esi.info We usually accept a personal email or letter as evidence of your identity. In certain circumstances we may require a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address.
We may withhold such personal information to the extent
permitted by law.
As well as the rights listed above, you have the right to complain to about our use of your personal information to
UK Information Commissioner’s Office.
Third party websites
Our websites contain links to other websites. We are not
responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party
websites.
Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our
treatment of your personal information, please contact:
The Company Secretary
Environmental Standard Indexes Ltd
12 E&F Timberbush
Edinburgh
EH6 6QH
Email:
marketing@esi.info Tel
0131 586 4466
Data controller
The data controller responsible for the
information collected on our websites is Environmental Standard
Indexes Ltd.
GDPR related downloads
GDPR Article 5 compliance statement 3 pages, April 2018
Download
GDPR Legitimate Interest Assessment for the use of personal data to support direct marketing 3 pages, April 2018
Download
Environmental Standard Indexes Ltd, 30th May 2018 About ESI.info Information resources Marketing opportunities Contact ESI.info ESI.info blog Support
Every great environment is based on sound decisions about who to
work with and what materials to use.
On ESI.info websites, you will find the broadest mix of supplier and
product information on the market, combined with insightful articles
and case studies to keep you up-to-date with sector innovations.
Environmental Standard Indexes Ltd
v4.1
Terms of use Privacy policy ESI.info websites
EXTERNAL WORKS
Ground Engineering, Hard Landscaping, Traffic Control, Leisure & Recreation, Soft Landscaping BUILDING DESIGN
Complete Buildings, External Envelope, Structural Fittings, Building Products & Materials INTERIOR DESIGN
Surface Finishes, Furniture & Fittings, Art & Decoration, Designer Projects BUILDING SERVICES
Air Conditioning, Ventilation, Heating, Transport Systems, Light, Power, Safety ENVIROPRO
Water, Wastewater, Climate, Soil, Energy, Recycling, Technology, Production